################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - It Is Not What We Go Through But How We Go Through - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-26
Title:   It Is Not What We Go Through But How We Go Through - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hdOghZR7xY
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Come on. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand tonight. Here the cross. Here the cross be my glory. ever. [Music] Oh, until my rapured soul shall find home with ye are the river near the cross. Oh, near the cross. Oh, in the be my glory in. Oh, till my right soul shall find. Oh, rest be on the river. [Music] Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Give him praise right now. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah Jesus. Oh glory to God. Oh we thank you Lord for your presence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. Oh, glory. Just give him praise tonight. Oh, hallelujah. We feel his hallowed presence. We feel his anointing. Oh God. Oh hallelujah. Give us strength tonight, Father. Oh hallelujah. His power is to be released. Amen. Oh yeah. Under expectation tonight. God to speak to our hearts. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. We're here to meet with the father. We're here to celebrate his name. We're here to be anointed by his presence tonight. We're just happy to have you here. And if you have your Bibles, we'd like to turn to a portion of um the Psalms. We're going to read Psalms chapter 91 for our scripture reading. Amen. as we want to pray and commit to the service into the hands of the Lord and see what he would do for us tonight. Our faith is in him tonight. Amen. Psalms chapter 91 which reads, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in him will I trust. Amen. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust. His truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flyth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness, nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy side, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee. Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked because thou has made the Lord which is my refuge even the most high thy habitation. May God a blessing to the ring of his word. Let's bow our heads as we ask God's blessings tonight. Almighty God, Lord, we are thankful tonight, Father. Lord, for your grace and mercy, Lord, Father, upon our lives. We thank you for every mountain. We thank you for every valley tonight. It is your choosing, dear God, to bring us through many things, Lord, that you could try what you put in us, Lord. Father, Lord, that we can prove every one of those virtues, Lord. We are grateful to you tonight that you have called us Lord from out of the book as it were Lord to be manifested sons in the last days. Oh God, may you anoint us tonight as we gather around your word. As we gather in this place, Lord, as we gather in your presence, Father, we remember those who may not be able to make it tonight. We pray you bless them also and different ones might be hooked up online and listening to us in different places. We pray your spirit would be with them also tonight, Father, as we want to create a space for you here tonight, that your angels would move in, oh God, Father, and begin to minister with cos of fire upon the people tonight and you meet their expectation spiritually, Lord, with the August pain of your presence, Father. May you sweep in, Lord, and touch your people once more. Heal the sick, Lord. Fill with the Holy Ghost. may anoint and inspire tonight. Take a hold of your servant as he begins to yield himself before the altar of God. May almighty God come down and minister to us through him, Lord and use every facet of his being to be an instrument, Lord, Father, be a gospel tonight in this last day. Oh, how we need to hear the voice of God more than ever. Father, may we hear your voice tonight. For that is why we have come. We commit the service tonight into your hands. May I have your way and bless the people tonight in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the name of the Lord. You love him tonight. Let's get a key for that song. Your grace and mercy brought me through. Amen. Amen. Why don't you lift your hand and sing? All grace and mercy brought me through. Oh, tonight I'm living this moment [Music] because of you. Oh yes. I want to thank you. Oh, and praise you, too. [Music] For your grace and mercy who brought me through. Oh, sing in your grace and mercy. Oh, brought me through. Oh, I'm living. Oh, I'm living this moment. All because of you. Oh, and I want to thank. [Music] Oh, and praise you too, oh Lord. Oh, for your grace and mercy. Oh, brought me through. Oh, one more time. Oh, with all your heart. Oh yes, Lord. It's your grace and mer. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord has brought me through. Oh, and I'm lifting this for man. Oh, because of you. Oh, and I want to thank you. Oh, and praise you, too. Yes, Lord, for your grace and mercy has brought me through. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, your grace. Only your grace. Oh, I live by your grace every day. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Only because of him, I made it. Only because he loved me. He never let me go. He made a way through the trial. He made a way through the tempest. He made a way through the storm. He's a way making God tonight. Why don't you lift your hands? Why don't you give him praise? Give him honor. Give him glory. It's only because of his grace. Only because of his mercy that the devil didn't snatch you up. Mercy said no. And the grace of God plucked you out of death. Blocked you out of hell. He made a way. Somebody give him glory. He made a way. Somebody give him a shout of praise. He deserve to be praised. He deserves to be glorified. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you for your grace. Oh, your grace and mercy. Oh, brought me through. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe it tonight? Oh, glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you turn quickly? Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Praise God. Oh, give me a key for glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, you go up one. Amen. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is maring on. Glory, glory. Well, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is maring on. Oh, for mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trampling out the vintage where the great wrath of storm and he's loose the faithful lightning of his terrible swift sword and his truth is maring on. Oh, tonight we're singing glory glory hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Oh, he has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never sound retreat. He is sifting out the hearts of men before his judgment sea. Oh, peace with my soul to answer him. Be jubilant at my feet. Oh, our God is marching on. Oh, glory. Well, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, now glory, bring glory, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, his truth is marching on. One more time singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, is truth is my ch. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid, well, my burden's down. Oh, now glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Since I laid well, my down. Feeling better. Feeling better. Oh, so much. So much better since I laid. my burden down. Hallelujah. I'm feeling better. Oh, so much better just since I lay where my Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hear. Oh, since I live well. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I lay my bed one more time. Feeling better. Feeling better. Oh, sing so much better since I lay. Well, my burdens now. Feeling better. Feeling better. Oh, so much better since I laid my burdens down. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Give him a shout. Give him a praise. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, say hallelujah anyhow. Doesn't matter how you feel. Doesn't matter what's going on around you. Praise God anyhow. The devil is a liar. God is victorious. He will deliver. He will heal. He will seal. He will baptize. He is a pillar of fire. He always was. He always will be. Somebody give him a shout of praise. Are you here to praise him tonight? Are you here to give him glory? Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You are God alone from before time began. Chance and sing. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. Well you are God alone. Oh from before time began. Oh you are on your throne. You are God alone. dwelling right now in the good times and bad. You are wrong. Oh, and you are God. You are God. Well, you are God alone. I say from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Well, and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Well, you are God. You are God. Well, you are God alone. Well, from before time began, close your eyes. Say, you are on your throne. You are God alone. right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God. Give the Lord a shout of praise right now. Oh, you are God alone. You are God alone. You are on your throne. You are God tonight. Oh hallelujah. Give him praise tonight. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are God alone. Well, you are God alone. From before time began. You are on your throne. Oh, you are God right now. right now. Oh, in the good times and bad, you are wrong. Oh, you are God alone. One more time. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Well, and right now in the good times and bad. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's just worship the Lord right now. Father, we praise you. Father, we bless you. Father, we honor you. We thank you for your presence. Lord, we thank you for your spirit tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Lord, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads for pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your presence, Lord. where so much things taking place around the world and here we are gathered around this sacred scriptures this text of the Bible or that you have released and revealed by the prophet of Malachi 4 and we are resting on that Lord there's no way out there is no escape the judgments are set the arrow of judgment has already been loose on its bow it's on its way Lord this world is going to face a funeral service and the bride I going to be facing a wedding supper. So, Father, help us tonight as we come around your word. May you minister to us, meet our every need. We thank you for this service on Sunday. And Lord, as we walk, as you unfold more light, God, show us the steps to place our feet. We want to be guided by you. We want to be led by you. We want to have a sincere and open and honest heart before you that you could use us for your glory. That you could speak to us. That you could reveal yourself to us. that they can anoint us and inspire us. And I pray God that you take me out of the way tonight and inspire your word to your people in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and we want to read from verse one. Therefore, seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. in whom the God of this world had blinded the minds of them which believe not least the light of the glorious gospel of Christ who is the image of God should shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves but Jesus Christ the Lord and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness has shine in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. But we have this treasure in earthn vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed, always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh. So then death workketh in us but life in you. May God bless his word. You may be seated. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. And this is so powerful how Paul could say death workketh in us but life in you. So truly it will take a death dying out that life could come forth. We so blessed on Sunday walking through the fire and that that is just the word. Doesn't matter how we feel about it is just the word and some point in time we have to be confronted with ourselves as facing that very word. Okay. So have a title tonight. It is not what we go through but how we go through. It is not what we go through but how we go through. Now it can be said it's not how but what it's not how you feel but what you believe. But tonight we don't want to go in that way. How but what we want to go is not what we go through but how we go through it. Now Romans 12 says I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that you present your body living sacrifice. We went over this some time ago and being accounted to this world. I just want to skip it through. and be transformed by renew renewing of your mind. So this message will tie into Sunday message tie into the travail we have been speak for a while the laboring talking about this trying to all of that. So after Paul expressed about this renewing of your mind, he went on to talk about the grace given that that you're not supposed to think more highly, but to think soberly. And and and everybody have a right to think whatever they want to think. They could think they're Superman. They they think whoever it is, there's an angel. They could think whatever they want to think. But the Bible say think soberly. In other words, show up yourself. Hit slap slap sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl sl slap your face and recognize that that you in this place and this world here you have to deal with things you have to deal with issues you have to face your situation it's not a whole spiritual thing that people on a kind of spiritual height that that tripping them he said now then he went and talk about the body of Christ many members one body not having the same office of course being many one body in Christ and everyone members one of another having gifts and he went on and and ministry let us wait our ministry ing and exhaltation and so like that. But this is the part I want to get to in verse 9. It says less love be without dissimilation. So he's talking about love but he's talking about how that love must be expressed or unfolded. He said let love be without dissimilation. In other words, let it be with sincerity. Let it be a genuine love. Abhore that which is evil. Cleave to that which is good. Then he said these words, be kindly affection one to another. Now there's a reason why he would emphasize that about being kindly affectionate because you could be cold with somebody or you could be formal with somebody. He said don't be formal. Don't be cold. Don't be just you know just any anyhow but be kindly affect. So he's appealing to the quality of spirit how we supposed to be to one another. Isn't that right? To kind to so be kindly affection to one to another with brotherly love in honor prefering one another. Not slutful in business like a slacker then, but fervent in spirit. And that fervent means passionate, not dull or passive. So God want us a certain way. Again, is not what, is how. How to be in business. Isn't that right? Not to be dull, not to be passive, but to be passionate serving the Lord. Amen. When the saints rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing instant in prayer, distributing to the necessity of the saints, given to hospitality, bless them and persecute you, rejoice with them to do rejoice, weep with them that weep. All these are areas of compassion and mercy and open on your bowels. It's not just ignore people, but weep with them who weep. Rejoice with them who rejoice. And they said, "Be of the same mind one towards another." We can't go and wait for the other side to be like that. These things have to be exercised here. These things have to be displayed here. Be of the same mind once to one another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. So you can walk aloft. Hallelujah. You can act aloof. You can act like if you're above somebody, you're above that. You're high and mighty. Somebody that that makes no sense because your dress more expensive than somebody else has own or your tie more expensive. That is foolishness. Be of the same mind one to another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. And there's a whole message here after that. Be not wise in your own conceit. Recompense no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men. If it as possible, as much light light in you, live peaceibly with all men. So you can't be a wararmonger. You can't be looking for bakana, looking for confusion, looking at the nearest thing to fight. As much as light within you, not with the other party. You know, in other words, you have to be peaceful. You have to want peace. You can't say when they be peaceful, then you will get peace. As much as light in you, you you you are the person God talking to. It has to lie in you. Isn't that right? Live peaceibly with all men. Not some men. Not with brethren only. All men with your neighbor too. which is Jehovah witness knocking on your door at a cuckoo hour. Live peaceibly with all men. Dearly believer, the daily beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath. Amen. For it is written. Hallelujah. Vengeance is mine. I will repay, say the Lord. So, you have to commit things in the hands of God. Don't look for You're looking for vengeance. You're looking for this. You wish this happened to somebody. No, that's foolishness. They're not even Christianity. Isn't that right? Lick lick the depth of it in verse 20. Therefore, if thy enemy hunger, feed him. Not go and say hungry wicked man. You know what the Bible say? You know for you to expose his wickedness and how bad he is. That why he hungry to you say reap for your show. That was the time in scripture for that. You know if he hungry and say hungry Bible say feed him. Amen. If he thirst, give him drink. For in so doing, thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head. Don't Don't And be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good. That's the only way overcoming evil. Not evil for evil. No, not I for eye. You overcome evil with good. All right, let's go. Ah Lord help me tonight. It's not what is the how. Bible talk about people giving. Right? Second Corinthians 9:7 says every man according as he purpose in his heart so let him give not grudgingly or of necessity. For God loveth a cheerful giver. Watch this in the amplified. Let each one give as he has made up his own mind and purpose in his heart, not reluctantly or sorrowfully or under compulsion. For God loves, he takes pleasure in. He prizes above other things and is unwilling to abandon or to do without a cheerful, joyous, prompt to do it giver whose heart is in his giving. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So cheerfulness and willingness matter. Not you give a fr in the face of God I had to give that I ain't want to give it no but what god the church tell me and who who tell you and who tell you and they taking a pledge and I Jesus this is Jesus now this Paul said this in 2 Corinthians 9 but here is Jesus in Matthew 6 and Jesus is speaking now he said take heed that you do not your arms before men that is charity charity to be seen of them. Not what you do. You want to give, you want to be charitable. He's explaining how to do it. Otherwise, you have no reward of your father which in heaven. Therefore, when thou doest thine arms, oh, now this is not the this not the whole thing here. You know, we getting to something. There's the platform or the backdrop to get where we want to go. Therefore, when thou doest thine arms, do not sh a trumpet before thee. And we say when people giving when these big this company giving a a check for somebody they ap big big picture they check a big whole thing $7,000 you see the big thing this company giving a check and we see the whole check and that making newspapers all right so they they want to get some recognition for that he said watch now when thou doest thine arms do not sung a trumpet before thee as the hypocrites do in the synagogue and in the streets that they may get the glory of men very I say unto you they have their reward but when do his arms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth. Hallelujah. Because you know what has happened? Sometimes the left hand might like what you're doing. You know, so left hand tell the right hand don't do that. You know sometimes I watch that left hand and right hand you know I would say husband and wife left hand right hand. That's how he said don't let your left hand no appreciate the word. Don't let the left hand know what thy right hand doeth that thine arms may be in secret and thy father which seat in secret himself shall reward thee openly. Now Jesus bring it natural arms and what then he's going to go down deep now when thou prayest. Oh give the Lord a shout. I feel an anointing upon that. When thou prayest. Hallelujah. Thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues in the corners of the street, that they may be seen of men. Very unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, there's the third pull closet. Now this we heading to the third pull. I'll meet you in there. That's the third pull. That light going in a little room. He said, when your prayers, Hallelujah, enter in that thy closet. And when thou shut thy door, pray to thy father which is in secret. And thy father which seed in secret shall reward thee openly. Oh give the Lord a shout tonight. It's not what we do. It's how we do it. It's not what Amen. And Jesus throwing another girl. We're not going to read the whole thing. He said when you pray how now don't use vain repetition as hidden. Do don't waste your time with that. For they think that they shall be heard with them much speaking. Be not like unto them. For your father knoweth what things you have need of before you even ask him after this manner the how shall you pray. Our father which art in heaven. Hallowed be thy name. Get the Lord some praises. Oh glory to God. So he was only talking the what he was showing the how. Oh give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Thank you. Colossians 3:23. And whatsoever you do, glory, do it heartily as unto the Lord, not unto men. That in the amplify, whatever may be your task, work it heartily from the soul as something done for the Lord, not unto men. So, could you imagine you doing a normal task and God looking at your heart, God looking at how you're doing, God looking at the diligence or your slacker because you think you working for a man, but God seeing your heart. See the difference now? It doesn't matter what job you're doing. is what God see how you doing it. He said do it as unto the Lord. That's what Joseph did. He was another country. He had to learn their tongue. But he did his very best and his best give him promotion. Not demotion promotion. Oh, give the Lord a praise because he did it from his heart. He did the best that he could do. And everybody knew he was diligent. He was applying himself. Oh, he was a quality guy. So whatever you're doing the task God want you do with your whole heart. Isn't that right? And if you think that is games or we just throwing words let Philippians answer that for you from verse chapter 2 verse 14 and 15. Do all things without murmurings and disputions. Hallelujah. purpose that you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom he'll shine as the light of the world. But talk about that slave from Africa. He's brought to America. And when the buyers come to buy slaves because they used to buy slaves against his property like horse, cattle, coke, pig, whatever. They start to spy and look around and suddenly somebody eye drop on that man. And that master said, "Not for sale. Not for sale." Everybody spiff different. He's shining different. His shoulder is not bowed. His throat back. Hallelujah. a certain air about him. They say questions are the question. Does he sleep different from the rest of them? Because he looking like the rest of them. Do you get that? He not looking like the rest of them. The vibes he's giving out is not like the rest of them. Does he eat the different? He say food. Does he sleep different? Same bed. Hallelujah. Same kind of roof. Same kind of testing. Same kind of field to work. What is the difference about that guy? We wanted to find ourselves. And we found out that way back in Africa, his father is the king of the child. And even though he's not in Africa, even though he's a foreign land, he walks like one. He talks like one. He lives like one. He acts like one. Oh, give the Lord some praises. And we from foreign. We This world is not our world. Let me say it again. We from foreign. I want to say that way. We not from. That's what Abraham was walking. He was seeking a city whose maker and builder is God. Abraham knew this world was not his own. Oh, give the Lord a shout. There have to be a city somewhere. Oh, glory to God. I saw a new city coming down from God. They have to have a place for these sons. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And that is why we are here on the earth to reflect and represent God. Hallelujah. This same scripture, Philippians 2:14:15 amplified said, "Do all things without grumbling and falsifying and complaining against God and questioning and doubting among yourselves." Hallelujah. that you may show yourselves to be blameless, guyless, innocent, uncontaminated children of God, without blemish, faultless, unrebukeable. That kind of life, that kind of operation is unreable. People can't rebuke that because it speaks for itself. Amen. Amen. Amen. Unrebukeable in the midst of a crooked and wicked generation, spiritually perverted and perverse among whom you are seen as bright lights, stars or beacons shine all clearly in this dark world. And then the Bible talk about how to restore someone. Galatians 6:1. Brethren, if a man is overtaken in a fault, you which are spiritual, listen to these words. Restore such a one in the spirit of weakness. This is the how part. This is the how part. In other words, it say go and trample and rebuke and carry on and and expose. No. Watch. Restore such a one. How? How? In the spirit of meekness. This is deep. Considering thyself, least thou also be tempted. In other words, he's saying when you talk to that person, see yourself. Consider that could be you. Because if you was in that position, you don't even know what you will do. And that's why we could criticize, we could talk about people, but we have not put on their shoes. We don't know what stone is inside of there. We don't know what's sticking in their inside of there. You don't know what they're going through, but you open your mouth and you loosen what you want to see. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. You wasn't looking for this tonight, right? Ah, God help me. I know wasn't looking for this. So, we're in the same boat. All right. So in go so the amplified it said brethren if any person is overtaken in misconduct or sin of any sort you who are spiritual who are responsive to and controlled by the spirit should set him right and restore and reinstate him without any sense of superiority and with all gentleness. Keeping an attentive eye on yourself least you should be tempted also. I remember brother telling me I would never ask light. So I kept very quiet. I was silent. I seven seat break. I was silent. He said but you will say that. I said not at all. I said I can't say that. I say I'm in his hands. If he move his hands I fall down the ground I fall. Amen. So I cannot talk that kind of talk. I will never backside that backside that that flipping in backside right now. He will never flipping over. It's not what we go through. So when you catch the how part it eliminates the complaining. It eliminates your issues of excuses. It's eliminate that because there's another eye watching you. How you're going through what you're going through. How to speak the truth? Ephesians 4:15. One we know speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even the Christ. Not speaking lovely truth. Some people could speak the truth realize you know they speaking the truth lovely. But that's not what the Bible says. Speak the truth how how to deliver the truth. I had to tell um what you say um how you say boy but um I speak in my mind um telling like it is if you will receive it speak the truth in love all right let's go that's the scriptural background and let's go brother Brandon he said now he's the high priest of our confession and confesses to profess and he was wounded for our transgression with his stripes you are healed. So he's a high priest to make intercession upon our confession. And he kind of do nothing for us until we first accept it and confess it. Now we could get down to the altar. Here we go. And pray till we laid our faces and died. Until we believe and accept his pardoning grace, we are still lost. So I trying to cut to the chase and trying to show you don't waste your time. Let's start to see what God say. Walk in that and you'll be fine. Watch this now. No matter how loud we could scream or how long we could stay or how much we could go without food until in our heart the revelation God gives us that Jesus Christ died to save us and we accept it as our own personal property. Amen. You're going to church. Amen. This is the problem. People going to church and that I will call is a religious spirit. You want to stay home, you're going to church. I'm not talking about you here, you know. I hope there's not anybody here now. All right. So then when you accept it now as your personal property that you are responsible for that if you're renting on some land is not yours, you you know you could let things go. You could let the grass grow up. to let the horse fall down. It's not yours. But when it becomes your property, then you have to clean it, maintain it. You see, if you don't see this message as your property, if you don't see these promises as your property, yeah, take it serious because it's not really yours. But when it's yours, you fight for it. You wrestle for it. You press because it is yours. This kingdom is yours. This land is yours. Every place you put your foot, that's yours. Or give the Lord a shout in the house. So you will be concerned about your attitude. Listen, listen. It have sons and sons. It have sons who faithful. I'm not talking about spiritual. I'm talking about natural family. They always have I forget the name. Let's call it somebody who always look stray strayish and things like that. But you have five sons, six sons or whatever it is. And this one is diligent, that one is diligent. And always among that have a slacker as somebody who always holding back and what that and always always a joker, a comedian, some kind of character have there. But they will always be a son. They can't cancel that. They are son. But what will they inherit? When the father is looking at their behavior or looking at their attitude. Oh, give the lord some praises. So what I'm saying then it has to come to a place where these promises become yours that you could it's mine he talking about. So you not looking what this brother doing this one is saying amen. This one hand it like a paralyzed like the devil have the hand in concrete. The hand can't raise up at all. You not bother with that. You know that is their hand and not your hand. You hearing what you you seen your name on the book. You hearing your promises. You see the lamb took the book. You see the beast say amen. Elders shouting and praising. You want to join the heavenly chorus. Hallelujah. When it become yours, you can stand anywhere. Anytime under any condition, you will stand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You would stand. Oh my. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. If the devil can tire all the years how you can tie up now it too late. This thing don't this thing don't melt like it blend. You can't unblend that. We blending with the word. We blending with the spirit. We blending with the promises. We blended with God. He said wait till them seven thunders utter their voices to that group who could take the word and hand it there. They were slice and cut. They could shut the heavens. They could open up the heavens. They could do whatever they want to do. They are blended in with the word. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's not what we do. It's how we do it. If something Christ died did for me, did for you. And to whosoever will believe it, then you are saved because you have believed it and you're healed the same way. Many times people say, "I'd like to feel if I'm healed." Jesus never say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it? Amen. That's it. Do you believe it? Feeling has nothing to do with it. That what people didn't get over yet. They're still in their fleshly feeling. Feeling has nothing to do with it. It's your faith. Somebody say amen, somebody. If I did it the way I felt, if I did it the way I felt, I'd be in bad shape lots of times. Is that right, Bron? I guess we all would. But it's not how I feel. is what I believe that he has done. Not my feelings, it's my faith in what a finished work at Calvary. So to God, what we go through, how we go through rather is more important than what we go through. Amen. If you look at Joseph a little bit, that was piece of hell for a young man, you know, is not the enemy sold him and his brothers, you know, his brothers in his father's house sold him. Let them take him away. They take the visionary going to be dead. The prophecy go be dead. All them revelation going to be dead. That what they thinking. They don't even know. They are pushing that young man into his destiny. Hallelujah. And his destiny is a part of suffering, strain, and pain. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. The only way Pharaoh could f send for Joseph, he had to be in prison. The only way he could send for Joseph because famine was coming. The only way he could send for Joseph because a vision was coming, a dream was coming that he can't explain. And he need a man to get that dream. What can the Lord a shout? You talk about one in a million. Job had to go to Bifford's house. But your wife has to tackle him. He had to run away. He had to be in prison. He had to walk that that that that road of fire to get him where God wanted him. And I will tell you, God going to set fire on your trail. Oh, glory to God. God set trials on your trail. God going to set testing in your trail to get you in the position to place you positionally to what God want you to be, where God want you to be, how God want you to be. [Applause] Let me see it. It definitely wasn't easy for Abraham. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because see, when you have faith, you have to speak it to him. I believe, therefore, I speak. It wasn't a private show, you know. Well, you know, I'm a private man. You know, I I want everybody to know Isaac coming just in case he ain't come. No, he had no revelation. If he told he had no revision whatsoever. The fact that he could speak and go and visit his doctor. The fact that he could testify because he believed God. This man met God. You know when he challenge God what you going to give me see I go challenge God say come the stars so shall I see it be. And the Bible said Abraham believed God. And that faith was counted as righteousness. God switch it and say you see what that man believe there righteous is over here. Righteous Abraham. the faith of Abraham. And that faith is what the early disciples had. That's the original faith. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That faith started in Genesis. We going to finish it in Revelation. Oh, that's the original faith. That faith has been restored by the prophet of Malachi 4. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We are connecting to a restored faith. Oh, glory to God. We are not restoring the faith. The faith has already been restored. and William Marian Branham was evidence of the restored faith. Oh, give the Lord some praises tonight. This message is not dead. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. This word is not dead. It's alive and kicking tonight. [Music] [Applause] The testimony of Abraham. He staggered not at the promise of God. Hallelujah. true unbelief but was strong in faith. Giving glory to God. What did he do? Giving glory to God. It was evidence of the strength of his faith. His faith means thank you Lord for him now. Thank you Lord. He is coming. Thank you Lord. He is here. I could feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him all over me. God's not dead. He's still alive. Abraham wasn't feeling nothing. But he believed God. Isaac was coming. Is that was a revelation inside that man heart and seven thunders is a revelation in the heart of the bride. The give of faith to show how to prepare. It's the bride revival. Oh, glory to God. I don't care what the message will say about it. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. There have been no manifestation of God to stir the bride. He will send it. He promise it. He will send it. He promise it. Oh, glory to God. And if you take that as your personal property, you know God is not a man that would lie. God can't promise nothing he can't do. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. America drop bomb and they arguing whether it's totally obliterated or halfway or damaged. Nobody go and check and see. You know, nobody go down there, you know. So I'm saying this, some saying that. God not in that foolishness. You see when God dumped something, it done you know. I've heard the cries of my people. I come down. He he has bring no ambiguity. You know could it be what if it is? Could it be bombed? Obliterated. No. No, God not in that. No, he deliver He deliver. By myself have I sworn in blessing I will bless thee. God can't lie no in multiply and multiply thee. God can't lie no and thy seed shall possess the Gal me. He's not talking about the Jews. He's talking about the faith of Abraham. That's the seed of God. That's the seed of Christ. You have that faith tonight. All right, let's go. doing good tonight. Revelation two. I know thy works, thy labor, thy patience. How thou canst not bear them which are evil, and I try them which say the apostles and are not. Found them liars. How you say that differently? You don't say liars, you say foreign to the truth or something. So same same liars. God say, "I found them to be liars and has borne and has patience and for my name's sake has labored and has not fainted." How beautifully the Savior praises and commends his children. He takes full account of their fine spiritual attitudes and behavior. He knows that there's weakness among them, but as yet he does not cry against it. Isn't that just like our Lord? He knows how to encourage us in the right matters and discourage us in the wrong matters. We could all learn a good lesson there in running the church and our families. And better still, we could all learn a good lesson in that God deals with each one of us in exactly this way. Don't ever be discouraged, saint of God. For God is not ungracious to forget your labors of love. Whatever we do, giving a cup of cold water to someone has the reward and blessing from the Lord. I know thy works, thy labor, and thy patience. Hallelujah. Here we go. As he walks in the midst of his church, he is aware of the suffering of his people. And he cares. You see, the devil will want to make you think he don't care. Amen. Amen. As it was in the days of captivity in Egypt, God when he heard their cries, he who never changes still hears the cries of the oppressed as he walks among them. It's not he not among them anymore. He's walking among them, hearing their cries. He who never changes still hear the cries of the oppressed as he walks among them. The oh my. Shall not the Lord avenge his elect who cry day and night unto him. He hearing them crying day and night. Not there alone in the night time. He hear your nighttime cries. He hear your daytime cry day and night. Hallelujah. Shall not God avenge his elect that cries day and night unto him? Don't be afraid to cry. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. The very word labor signifies a weariness through oppression. God's people do not only work for him in a labor of love. But they suffer for him. With joy. How? With joy. How? With joy. They just suffer with him. Oh god, I'm suffering. Oh God, I can't take another one of this Christianity thing. This message thing. Oh God, stress. Don't say amen now. Is the word here? They are patient in bearing the yoke. The first age suffered great persecution. It had to work hard to preach the gospel and shed forth truth. Their high calling in life was to serve God. And when their hopes in life were blighted, they were patient and committed all to him who had promised a lasting recompense in heaven for what they had given up on him on earth. What had given up for him on earth. I think we ought to stop here and deal the thought that God's people has always been and always will be persecuted. And brother had talked about Daniel and Shadrach, mission, and Abednego. All these guys were public servants and working for the government and nice and things. They're coming for you. Other words, your nice behavior in the government and and working and thing like that, they coming for you still. Because why? It's the spirit upon you and the devil upon them. Hear how he brings it out here now. Hallelujah. The thought that God's people Yes. have always been and always will be persecuted. Genesis, Cain persecuted and killed Abel because the latter pleased God. Yes. Abraham, son of the flesh, Ishmael, who teased and fought the son of promised Isaac. Esau hated Jacob. Oh, this is all right. Esau hated Jacob would have killed him had not God interveneed. New Testament find Judas betraying Jesus. Amen. The children of this world, here we go, controlled by the devil hate the children of God who are controlled by the spirit. So this is a big battle going on. Hallelujah. Whether you're conscious of it or you're not conscious of it, the spirit upon the children of the world hates the spirit that you have yet tonight. Then hear the bomb. No matter how just and upright a Christian is before the public, how gracious he is to his fellow man. Now if you don't know no if you don't know this, you going to get frustrated. You go say not your calling. Hallelujah. You understand I mean you wrong message. You wrong Bible reading. You understand? You're not even connected with Romans 8:28. And we know that not some things. Some people believe when good things work good that the Lord you know but the Bible say all things. So watch this now. No matter how just and upright a Christian is before the public, how gracious he is to his fellow man, doing not but good, let him confess Christ as his savior and acknowledge the operation of the gifts of the Holy Spirit in tongues, prophecy, healing, miracles, he will be condemned. They can say them is Pentecostals talking about signs of one miracle and the power of God them is Pentecostals. We re we breaking seals. Um um um um who open the seals? Um the quick in power open the seals. Yeah, that you could power the seals. But who doing sign miracles? Quick power too. Same same power. Another one. Same one. The spirit of this world hates the spirit of God. And because here we go. It can't overcome the spirit of the Lord. It tries to destroy the vessel in whom the spirit of truth dwells. Oh, give the Lord some praises. So when this bride ah get filled with the oil of the Holy Ghost that keeps saying they will not close on the church because we have books and tapes and we preaching brother or preaching the message on preaching whatever it is they're not going to close down for that. When the Holy Ghost begin to rock the world when the Pentecostal begin to shake because what happened among them so-called branomites and what is called us When they start to see the power of God, when the power of God shake among the seven thunder bride, let them identify who we are. This seven thunderbelieving bride, even the message will go get shake up because they will think it not supposed to happen. They already have the interpretation of how, when, and who and by who it going to happen. But God is his own interpreter. God not bo with them. He put the prophecy and he hang it over there. Wait till them seven thunders. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Keep on waiting. You will see something. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The world is waiting right now. [Music] Start Start a war looking with the peace. Noah peace prize. Unbelievable. Start Start a war and then looking like you're playing both sides doing mischief here and you're looking for peace. Let's go. I think Isaac struck this. Persecution and trials. Yes. You see where I'm coming to now? I start all those what and how and then come to this year now because you have to behave a certain behavior and miss what you're going through. And until you get to that talk about fasting, don't do let Pharisees when they fasting everybody know what they did fasting. You see like you're fasting fasting. Jesus Jesus correct that. He said wash your face. Don't appear in a religious mode. The people praise the Lord. My girl, Catholic blessing, but wash your face. Don't appear like that. Your father going to reward you in heaven because you're appearing to him. You see, let him see your faith in what you're doing. Persecution trials are natural normal part of the Christian life. I wonder if the message will know that church don't know what I going through. Really? Yeah. M say what you going through? You're playing dumb. If you say what you going through, we could pray for you and let God send reinforcement. But you're going through and and the devil sitting on your top lip because you're private. You want nobody know. Hallelujah. Persecution and trials are natural normal part of Christian life. There's only one thing you can do about them. Commit them all to God. Judge not and leave the outworking and final judgment to him. I have to deal with all kind of cases come my way sometimes and I don't have all the answers but I commit into the hands of God because God is the one that sort out somebody come they had this condition that condition and get baptized him be baptized in Jesus name I am not the one I am not God I'm not Jesus and I'm not the Holy Ghost thou cast them which are evil and thou has tried them which say they apostles and are not and has found them liars these These Ephesians believed that God's people ought to be holy according to this verse. They took steps to keep the body unleaven from sin. They not the pastor dut all of us have a responsibility to keep this body from sin. Most evidently the apost the the apost the apostasy had already started. Sin had entered into the church and they were obedient to the words of Paul when he said, "Put away the wicked from among them." Amen. They were a separated people. They had come out of the world and now they weren't going to let the world enter amongst them. They will not put up with sin in the church. Holiness wasn't a phrase with them or a figure of speech. It was a way of life. Thou has tried them which say the apostles are not found them liars. My that's a blunt statement. Thou has tried them who say call themselves apostles. Isn't that presumptuous? What right has a people to try those who call themselves apostles? How did they try them? I love this. And then switches to Galatians 18. Though we or an angel from heaven they not earthly angel now coming with a Mercedes-Benz or some kind of fancy car not angel this angel from heaven one with fresh right back wings and stuff. All right watch. If a angel come from heaven and preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have already preached let him be accursed. Hear it above now. It was the apostle who brought the original word to the people. Shout out original word. This is what on books on the tapes. Original word. Men take that and twist that. But God brought original word. That's why he say what the tape say and the spirit and the prophet and the bride will say the same thing. And what they say will already be said in the word because what the prophet brought is original word. And original word is the original seed. Oh give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a praise in the house. Original word. It came out of the mouth of God because man shall not live by bread alone but every word that proceed out of the mouth of God and the mouth of God are his prophets. So when the word come out the mouth of God that's original word. Oh give the Lord a shout. That word is what is going to be in the bride. Not some man's interpretation not some man's revelation not some man's inspiration but the original word. That is what they brought. That is what the message got away from the original word. Because all of them is mighty preachers. They don't need this. They don't need to quote. They don't need to say what the promises say. They've given Bible stories. Let's continue. It was the apostles who brought the original word to the people. That original word could not change. Not for a dot or a dash of it. Paul knew it was God who had spoken to him. So he said even if I come and try to give a second revelation, try to make one little change in what originally let me be accursed. This is Paul. He said, you see, Paul knew the first revelation was correct. God cannot give a first revelation and then a second revelation. If he did, he'll be changing his mind. He can give a revelation and then add to it. As he did in the Garden of Eden when they promised the seed of the woman, then later designated the seed to come through Abraham. Then later he said it will come through the bloodline of David. But it was the same revelation. It only give people more information to help them to receive and to understand it. But God's word can't change. The seed came exactly as revealed. And we see those false possible doing. They came here brother George with their own word. That is what they came with. They are their own prophets. They bringing their own revelations, putting their own stamp, printing their own sermons and pushing that in the people. And the people don't have a clue what this prophet said of Malachi 4. They're clueless. So when you preach like this with these promises, they want to know where that come from. How we could say it. So they don't even know what the prophet say. They know what the pastor say, but they don't know what the prophet said. Oh, glory to God. But that spirit that has to come upon a bride know what the prophet said. That spirit know exactly what came out of the prophet's mouth. And when that word is in you, hallelujah, that spirit will find you because the spirit and the bride Say come. The spirit have to anoint the bride. The spirit of the monk the bride. The spirit will come upon you to give the bride a voice. Once more the world will hear direct from God. Oh, give the Lord a shout. May it start tonight. Oh, glory to God. May it come upon you because you will be a live voice. Oh, glory to God. How did you hear that? You will become a live voice. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Oh, glory to God. You'll be living the word. [Music] So these false apostles, I find a scripture, you know, where they call two names, you know. Hallelujah. They call the names of them fellows who somebody fa they name them, you know. I said, Lord, I watch that. Okay, they call names. I ain't got no witness to do that yet. God tell me they call names. If God tell me to call them, I call the names. I have a scripture for it. I ain't going there. They were they came with their own word. Those Ephesians knew that word that Paul had taught it as Paul taught it. They were full of the Holy Ghost. Here we go. By the laying on of Paul's hands. They looked those false apostles in the eye and said, "You are not saying what Paul said. You are therefore false." Simple. 10year-old 10 year old just my grandson be 10 some spoken words in the back of the seat of the car he loves to read so he coming home from school he pick up a spoken book first I seen that in the back start to read so I turn around I see the book I said I feel good I said what book is that he said imagine the voice I said put that back I say find the next one you pick up the next one against organ relation you could read just know be taken in that word you know. So what I'm saying then they could say if you're not seeing what Paul's saying therefore you are false. Oh he that sets my heart on fire. Get back to the word. It is not you that really tries the apostles and prophet and teacher. It is the word that tries them. God almighty say I know there he is walking in the midst of his people. There he is the chief shepherd of the flock. But does he hold back the persecution? Does he stem the tribulation? No, he does not. He simply says, "I know your tribulation. I am not at all unmindful of your suffering." What a stumbling block this has to so many people. Like Israel, they wonder if God really loves them. How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches people suffer? This is what they ask in Malachi 1:3 and 4, the burden of the world of the Lord to Israel of Malachi. I have loved you. said the Lord, yet we say, "Where has thou loved us?" Was that Esau Jacob's brother? And the Lord said, "I love Jacob and I hated Esau and laid his mountain to waste." You see, they couldn't figure out God's love. Is it exactly right on Sunday? They thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant baby with parental care. That's what they love. A nice loving sweet pastor, man. Nice to man. Good thing Good thing I'm not God. They thought love meant baby with parent and care. But God said his love was elective love. And the proof of his love is election. Well, you want better than that. God elected you. Who he fornally called. Who he call he justified. Who he justified already glorified. You have the proof tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God said his love was elective love. The proof of his love is election. Election. So no matter what happened, his love is truly proven by the fact that they were chosen under salvation because God had chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of true truth. He may commit you to debt as he did Paul. Write with me. Write with me now. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That is his prerogative. He in charge of the part you play, the role you have to take, what trials you have to come to. Every trial is customized to suit you. So don't watch my trial, watch yours. Mind your own business. My y o give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Don't look at your brother. Don't look at your sister. Don't look at what this one going through. He may commit you to suffering. He is a job. That is his prerogative. He is sovereign. But it is all with a purpose. Now this is the this is the key part here. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not peace. His purpose, are you ready? Is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened and settled as Job said, he put strength in us. You see, he himself suffered. That's why I preached the other day about God in his labor pains bringing forth you. Amen. He had labor pains. So he is connected with how nature works, with how life works, with the seed and planted. So shall my word be that goeth out of my mouth. It shall not return to me void. Hallelujah. As a seed is planted and rain cometh and so on. He speaks like that. This is the God we serve. You see, he himself suffered. But Ram's going deeper. He learned obedience by the thing which he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. This is Jesus. So where you fighting? And he quote the scripture for it. If Hebrews 5 8, though he was a son, he learned obedience by he suffered being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Hallelujah. In plain language. Here we go. Almost done. The very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. You can take some more. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place perfection note not your suffering because you do a set of sharpness and you're paying the price you know this for him you know not for you and your foolishness and you're going through and you're going through know you act and you decide and you act and speak and coring certain way you pay that price for your mouth. That's why I ask the question is temperance if that virtue is a testimony of somebody dying out cuz the first thing that hit you in dying out is your mouth. [Applause] So by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. Why did he want this? See how all the scriptures come together. And why did he want this? And Baram dropped down James. My brethren, count it all joy. When you fall into d temptations, knowing this, trying of your faith, work at what? Patience. But patience have a perfect work that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. So patience is what gives this birth. To being entire wanting nothing. And the only way to get patience is to God drop the trial of your faith to make you wait. Hallelujah. So Abraham wait 25 years. Give the Lord some praises. Jesus had to wait 18 years. Hallelujah. Up room disciples had to wait how much days? Got to wait until I don't know how long you had to wait. 40 years past, 50 years pass. We still waiting. Somebody said they got it. They got it. They got it already. Let them go with what they got. Let them face the conation. Let them face Golat what they got. They may see right now is in the text is a scripture to them there they already face golat watch let patient have a perfect work that may be perfect in tat why does he stand by the reason is Romans 8:17 if children Isa is struck then is of God joint is with Christ if so be that We suffer with him that we may be glorified together. No suffering, no reigning. Suffer to reign. Amen. And I reckon I love this that the sufferings of this present time. Jesus actually looked beyond the beyond the the the grave, you know, and saw the resurrection. You know, if you're only looking at the grave alone, you who's cooking. That's right. You're like you're dead. You're done. You know, but when Jesus saw beyond the grave and saw the resurrection, he knew death only had one place to hold him. Amen. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And once you push past death, he rise again. He said, "Destroy this body in three days. I myself will raise it up." Oh, give the Lord a shout. So, you have to look at something. I reckon that the present time is not worthy. Your capital same scale then to be compared with the glory that shall reveal us. Almost done. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. Hear the reason for that, brother. George, for this, the reason for this is that character simply cannot be made without suffering. I'm the pastor's son. I'm the deacon's son. I'm the elder son. I'm the pastor daughter. I'm the pastor, my brother. I'm the pastor cousin. I'm a deacon in church. different. No suffering guaranteed. It's jacket and tie and we have dinner downstairs. I can't preach that. I can't teach you. You come here and you the bride. That kind of carnival band thing. You just buy a costume. You just pay for a costume. You you join the church and you're the bride. We're not in the Bible. But said this being talking about this spoken of man when it is completed is the servant of God. He ain't talk about the teaching the preaching the revelation 4our service 5 hour service mysteries be unfolding and all kind of thing people who never see it. He talk about that you know this being sir when it is completed he say well the church have 2,000 now uh 2,000 people now we the bride or the church have two we little flock we the bride people say all kind of thing you know when church big they say is the bride revival everybody come by us when they small little flock you can't you can't you can't win them at all you know they hit you left and right you can't win them. You can't win them at all. I I I offer that. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. So a ministerial gift is not character. A preaching gift is not character. A teaching gift is not character. And a bustly gift is not character. A prophet gift is not character. Character stands on his own. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I feel inspired tonight. Character stands on his own. So a man can have character, no gift. It is still character. Because gifts and calling is without repentance. You're born with this thing. You're born to sing. You're born to shout. You're born to preach. You're born to exhort. You're born with that gift. Nobody could take it from you. But you need character. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I know 10our message giving you that. Let me say it again. Man come to preach your voice to the angel. Preach your voice. Preach your voice. Blow trumpet. When you preaching blood trump, have a trumpet of truth. Have your own trumpet to blow. That is not giving it character. A man draw the pyramid connect everything together and make all kind of symbols and similian stuff and that's not character that's on a blackboard. Israel sow the Jews so and so and the three woes and the woman of the sun and everything connected. What a message. Never hallelujah. All your gray matter stimulated that character know that the stimulation of gray matter but information you never see before not even revelation information. You see when brother lost his wife and the devil tell him a child next and he know he's serving God and he said nah and devil say look at you you serving God all these years and you see what you doing in other words why why you don't switch sides cuz you serving him and look how he treating you the lost wife already and your nice beautiful baby girl she going too banging him in banging him in you're under pressure and listen he is physically weak because he's saving people with the boat. He put in extra to save and help people. He's doing his best. But God told him, "Go among them Pentecostal." Somebody tell him, "Nah, leave them people alone." He follow that. He have a price to pay. And when he almost given, he just say the Lord give. You see that's inside of him. The Lord take it away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Is not what he was going through. It's how he was going through it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That is Christianity. That is son of God. That is character. That is right behavior. That's how the father can look down and say, "There is my son. He's a chip off the old block. He is just like me." [Music] Next person get you know I ser all these years. You're ungrateful. Declare talking to the potter. declare talking to the potter back chatting one time brotherham pray for somebody and the person died and and and he expect them to live think somebody was drunk or something so and they died and he said God you owe me answer God had talked him for a long time God rest him on the shelf and leave him there leave him right there high and dry I don't owe you no answer then God the mercy of God come down and show him that person must die so long I gave them extent they was living over extension we talking about time to call them home. Glory to God know your date. God know your time. God know your hour. You can't miss it for nothing. Time to quick take them home. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. He said boundary we can't pass. Exercise how much you want to exercise. Take all the pills you want to take. Take the pills. Character is a victory, not a gift. Not a gift. Have a gift. Have a gift. Man walking with a gift coming to church. Everyone know the bigger. Hallelujah. And I want I felt come to the guitar and and I watching him watching he and the guitar I'm not guitar he I want to know what behind him because he could just be a star boy I mean he come to staring ding he come to play I want to know what is the method what's his spirit what's the motive what's the objective that's what discernment is built on what is somebody motive and objective in what they do in what they say and how they act. Hallelujah. All right, let's continue. Oh gosh. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. And since he wants us to share his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sitting on the father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, the treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. Hallelujah. Almost finished here. And I'll keep saying that. Thinking that's strange concerning the fiery trials that try you. That's what Peter said. It is strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering. We all have trials. We all are tried and chasing as sons. No one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering, is not being tried hasn't isn't of God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I used to tell people ask God for revelation to be in this tabernacle because when it start to rock and shake, it will rock you out of it. Okay. The Lord has shout some get rocked straight out of it. Hallelujah. You have to know God speak to you. You have to know why you're here and what you are here for. Nobody can come and talk you out and he pastor this and he pastor that and pastor that. That's foolishness. You see a man of God stand up here preaching the word of God. God put the man here for a purpose to make sure you make it in. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. The church that is not suffering is not being tried and isn't of God. Hebrews 126, for whom the Lord loveth, he chase not. Yes. You only putting licks on them he love. You only straight on them he love. You only rebuking them love them. He don't love rebuking at all. He tell them nothing. Leave them alone. But the ones he love, hey, word coming, man. They could take correction. They could take the word. They could bend. They could flex. Hallelujah. Can't bend and flex. You will break. Okay. The Lord shout you will break you. Hallelujah. Behold, I laid Zion for a foundation. A stone, a tried stone, a precious corner of stone. It's either Amen. You fall in it or you're going to fall on you. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You'll be broken. This headstone will break you. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastenth and scorcheth every son whom he receiveth. And if you be without chastisement, we have all your partakers. You are bastard and not sons. That is the people who can't take correction, can't take rebuke. And I realize people can't take correction. Most times it's people who don't want discipline. That's right. And don't want accountability. Once you don't want discipline and accountability, these people don't want tell them anything because they want to do what they want to do, when they want to do it, and how they want to do it. Hallelujah. When, what, and how you want this to be done and and how to do it and what they want to do it their way and they want to do it whenever they want to do it and they don't want to be no accountable to no one. Hallelujah. But it doesn't have that in God's program. Hear this, Mom. This special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. Every age. what we just preached there. It's for every age, including our age. There is no age free from it. There is no believer true believer free from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth. That we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. So all I start in the beginning is to bring it to here. It's not what, but how. It's not what you're going through, but how you're going through. He said we are to suffer and be Christlike doing it. And then he hit the bomb. Love suffered long and is kind not in school. Hallelujah. Love suffered long and I want to give she good and I want to hit she good. And love suffered long. Look at the quality of love. It's kind. That's a big one. There's a but Stephen there's a huge quality to be suffering people lying and you say all kind of thing and you still be kind they say you couldn't distinguish but a brand enemy from his friends Matthew 5 112 blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you shall say all man of evil against you for my name's sake rejoice and be exceeding glad not go and write texts on on Facebook that that they revile you and wicked that tabernacle day. I go put him on Facebook. I go tell him about this man called Hallelujah. Blessed are you when men revile you and persecute you. Jesus say you're a blessing. So if you don't believe that you see when the unbeliever come in the message you don't believe this you feel you're not blessing. for God. Some sisters, they can't even put it to cover their knees because they want to be persecuted all them rip pants. I just be so think I just can't get it. Old people and all in that foolishness, men and all in that you know study if aliens was to look down here there was aliens and look at the wood. What is this boy? Hallelujah. They will fly back out. You know, they say what is this? Them people normal in the head. How how would looking so rip up like if poverty take them like vagrant like like you don't expect vagrant to be looking so unm normal normal normal normal because that's style. How the how the aliens going figure out that style just mine but to this reviling and persecuting he said rejoice not just rejoice but exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven for so persecuted the prophets which are before you. I'm anchoring the mission on Sundays. Beautiful. The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's approval. Neither are the bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the found. Does he love us? Yes. How shall we know? We shall know it because he said so. And he manifest his love to us. He brought us to himself and give us of his spirit placing us as sons. How shall I prove my love to him? This is my favorite quote for years. By conducting what? How shall I prove my love to? By believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst my trials that he in his wisdom allow come to pass. Not conduct yourself with frustration and you're fed up and you can't take it no more and you're done. That's you. That your flesh jumping up. It just goes to show how much you had to die. Amen. Missions, come a please. I know thy poverty, but thou art rich. Begin to play ball. There it is again. Hallelujah. See him walking up and down the midst of his church. Hallelujah. Like a father. He's looking down upon his family. He's the head of his household. Jesus. He's a provider. Lord, he's a protector. He looks on their poverty and how the untutoed believer stumbles at this. How can God bear to look upon his own in a time of need and not just stop it all and just give in and and lavish everything material upon them? Here is where you have to believe again in the love and the goodness and the wisdom of God. This too is needful. Remember he admonished. Take no thought for tomorrow. What you shall eat, what you shall put on. Let's watch. Your father knoweth the things you have need of. Father God, we thank you tonight. And I pray that your holy spirit will come and write the words in the hearts of your children that they may conduct their lives differently. That they'll get a reboot in their mind, a transformation in their mind, a reformation in their mind that will think completely different. Jesus waited in silence until his time came to go to the temple and read the book. He had to wait on his time. You have to wait on his ministry. You have to wait on the movement of the spirit. Father God, help us tonight. I commit their lives into their hands. May they wake up. May they shake. And may they realize it's not just what we do, but how we do it. Bless them tonight in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for being here tonight. [Music] Love him. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. I love him because he first love me. Thank you Lord and P. is my salation on Calary tree. Oh, one more time singing back to him. Sing I love him. Oh, thank you, Jesus. I love him because he first love me. [Music] Oh, and [Music] my salvation. [Music] on Calary tree. Oh, one more time with every hand lifted. I love him. Oh, and I Oh, give him glory tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, how he loves you. I love him because he first love me. [Music] Oh, and he purchased my salation. As the brothers get ready on count to recognize the offering free tree. Oh, hallowed be thy name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Not what we do, but how we go through. Oh, dear believer, tonight. Oh, hallelujah. What a message from the Lord. Let's just bow our heads. We want to just pick up the tazzy offering real quick and ask God's blessings upon it. Amen. Almighty God, we are uh we are humbled by your word, Lord. Uh we see what you require of us, Lord. We are kneeling at the feet of the cross now, Lord Jesus. Come and have your way with your people. We pause now to pick up the tithes, the offering. We pray that you would bless it. Use it for your honor and your glory, Lord Jesus. Bless your people as they give with cheerful hearts. May you provide for them, Father, and in Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask these things. Amen. And and amen. Amen. Um, praise God. Another song. Amen. Um, I love him too much. Yeah. I want to sing that as a pick up as the offering. I love him too much. Oh, as we sing to fear him now. I love him too much. Oh, to break my vow. Oh, for I promised the law that I would make it somehow. And now I love him too much. Oh, to feel him now. Oh, I love him too much to feel him. Glory. Yes, Lord, I love him too. Oh, to break my bow. Oh, I promised the Lord that I would make it somehow. And now I love him too much, too. Now, one more time. Oh, I love him too much. Oh, glory to F. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I love him too much. Oh, to break my vow. Oh, and I promise the Lord that I would make it somehow. And now I love him too much to fail him. Give the Lord some praise and worship right now just as we get ready to close. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Oh we love you Lord Father. We want to serve you Lord. We want to come to ourselves. Oh hallelujah. Help us tonight. Help us father. Oh, to live this word, to do thy commandments, Lord, to be as you want us to be, oh God, to walk in a newness of life, Lord Jesus. Oh, let me leave this world behind. Follow after Jesus and follow after your commandments, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. One more time. Love him too much. Oh, to fear him now. I love him too much. Oh, to break my vow. Oh, I promised the Lord that I would make it make it somehow. And now I love him too much. And I love him too much. Oh yes. I love him too much. Too fail him now. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. We thank God. Amen. For the word of the Lord. Let's bow our heads one more time as we pray and close out. Almighty God, Lord, we are we thank you for your word tonight, Lord. We are grateful, Father. Lord, for uh this correction, Lord, this instruction, Father, coming right from the word of God, showing us how to walk like sons and daughters there, God, in this life. Lord, you want to be glorified in our lives, Lord. Lord, it takes us suffering to get there, Father. It won't come easy, but you promise you'll be with us every step of the way, Lord. Lord, with a cross upon our backs, Lord, Father, every step, Lord, walking in the bloody footprints of Christ, Lord Jesus, Lord, may you strip us, Lord. Take away everything out of us is not of you, Father. Examine us, Lord. Father, we don't want to be unexamined, Lord. Help us to live examined lives, Father, where we can compare ourselves to the word of God and come more and more into that image and likeness, Lord. Father, Lord, that we could reflect that perfection before the resurrection take place. Oh God, we thank you for your servant tonight, Lord, and the word of God. Oh Lord, Father, not what we go through, but how we go through, Father. And Lord, we thank you for this message tonight, Lord. How how it has pricricked our hearts, Lord. And Lord, we see what is required of us, Lord. We pray your spirit would rest upon us and help us. That this word of of truth would take a root in our heart, Lord, that we'd come to life, Lord, Father, truly, Lord, that we could become uh uh holy and acceptable before you, Lord God. Lord, walking in all holiness and all meekness, Father, with forgiveness and understanding and love, reflecting Christ, oh God, right until the end, Lord Jesus. Oh, truly, there'll be a bride on the earth one more time. You promised it would happen and it would only come through your word. We thank you for your word, Lord. We receive your word tonight. We thank you for your servant. May you bless him tonight, Lord. And may you anoint him and inspire him, Father. Thank you for the word of God tonight, Lord. And how we hooked into Sunday service, Lord. We thank you for brother Isaac over on Sunday, Lord. It's a continuation, Lord. We see, Lord, how you are telling us, Lord. Father, service by service, Lord. Word on top of word, what we are to do. Father, bless us and help us. We pray. bless your people as they go. Anoint them and inspire them. Continue to live this word tonight until Jesus come. In Jesus name we pray and ask these things. Amen and amen. Praise God. So just a gentle reminder, I suppose uh Friday we'll have the service, prayer service um uh at 8:00 p.m. Praise God. And then on Sunday we'll have our service at 10 uh um God's blessings. Amen. Um by the grace of God. So you may have your seats. We're dismissed and as the ushers would come. Amen. Praise God. Oh, I want to be a Christian in my heart. God bless you as you dismiss. Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh, in my heart. [Music] In my heart. [Music] Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. God bless you. [Music]
