################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-10 - Who Are The People In Your Life (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-10
Title:   Who Are The People In Your Life? (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFV0Twde2DI
========================================

uh gather together, &gt;&gt; Lord, as we gather together for Bible study tonight, Lord, and to feast around your word, Lord, to talk on your word, Lord. Lord, we know when we talk about you, your presence comes, Lord, and you draw near, Lord, Father. Lord, so draw near to us, Lord, as we draw nigh unto you tonight, Lord. May you bless your people as they sing and worship your name. May your presence come down and Lord, bless each heart and each soul tonight. And may you bless your speaker tonight, Lord. in the time of the word being shared. Pray that you would be edifying that it would help us up uh help us and build us up tonight in a special way, Lord. And we'll be just careful to give you all the praise, honor, and glory. We be grateful to you tonight for what you have done, Lord. We believe by faith, Lord. There'll be a great blessing in store tonight for each of us. In Jesus Christ's precious name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Why don't you give the Lord some praise tonight? Glory to God. Give him glory. Give him honor. Give him thanks. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the Holy One. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ, his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. because he's given Jesus Christ. And let the weak say I am strong. And the po see I am free because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Oh give thanks. Oh, give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am with because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am brave because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Oh, give thanks. Oh, give thanks. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, praise God. Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, you you love him tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's talk about Jesus. Oh, the King of Kings is he. Oh, the Lord of Lord, supreme throughout eternity. The great I am, the way. Oh, the truth, the life, the door. Oh, let's talk about Jesus more and more. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings is he. Oh, the Lord of Lords, supreme throughout eternity. Oh, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Oh, let's talk about Jesus, love, and more. Oh, let's sing about Jesus. The King of Kings is he. Oh Lord, our Lord supreme. Oh, throughout eternity. Oh, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Oh, let's sing about Jesus more and more. Oh, I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified. I am. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, now Satan's mad. Oh. Oh. But I'm so glad. Oh, now Satan's mad. Oh, but I'm so glad. Now Satan's man, but I'm so glad he lost the sinner that he thought he had. And all my sins are running in the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, if you have love, oh, and you are more. Oh, if you have love and you want more, if you have love and you want more, then shout hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, give me praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I've been redeemed. Oh, glory. I've been redeemed. Oh by the blood of the lamb I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. S and sanctified I have and all my sins are under the blood I've been redeemed. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Oh glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh glory. Oh give him praise tonight. Lift your hands where you are and just give him all the thanks and praise. Give him worship tonight. You are worthy of it all. Oh you are worthy of it all. [Music] For you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. From you all things and to all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you all to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. ly cast their cry before [Music] God and say you're worthy of it all. Oh worthy of it all. over all things. You are all things. You deserve the glory. Give him praise tonight. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. For you deserve the glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you all things to all things you deserve the glory. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have desire to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. No world behind me. No turning back. No turning back the cross before me and the world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. No none go with me. Yet still I follow. No turning back. No turning back. No. No longer waiting and still I follow. No turning back. No turning back. This cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. This cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Uh so good to be here this evening. Trust everyone is doing well. Can we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you tonight that we could gather in this way Lord in this format Lord on a Friday evening. There are so many things we could be doing but we have chosen to be here only by your grace Lord. You have invited us Lord to hear a word from you Lord. So we thank you for life, for health, for strength, for your mercy, for your loving kindness, and Lord, for being able to bring us together in this way. Lord, at this time, we pray for the Bible study that we're about to have. We pray for those that are already in this meeting, those that would join along the way, those that would listen to the recording, and Lord, we commit the entire session into your hands. We pray for each one that's here, Lord. That Lord, we come into this meeting looking for different things, Lord. Looking for a word of encouragement, looking for a word to remind us of who we are, Lord. Many dealing with situations in their homes, in their families, on their jobs, in their lives. But through it all, we are dependent upon you to, Lord, be our anchor, to be our shield, to be our protector, and be our guide. We pray for anyone that's sick this evening, Lord, that needs a touch in their body, Lord, in their mind, in their soul, whatever it might be. Whatever frustration, pain, sickness, whatever the doctor may have declared that they have, we resist it tonight and come against it tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, knowing that you already paid the price for all our sicknesses, you pray the you paid the price for every disease, Lord. You're not now doing it. It is already done. So, we are claiming it tonight. We are applying it tonight Lord. There are so many situations Lord Father domestically, regionally, globally Lord that we can lift up in prayer to you. So we come tonight, Father, looking for more of you and that you would speak a word to us. We commit each one into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen and amen and amen." We are certainly happy to be here one more time tonight for a Bible study. Certainly welcome the church. Welcome any visitors who are here. And if you are here for the first time, we are so delighted to have you with us as we celebrate around God's word. We have only one objective to lift the name of Jesus higher. And we believe that the Bible is the word of God. We believe that God through scripture has placed all things in the word that pertains to life and godliness. And through the passage of time, different prophets, messengers, voices would have been identified to help bring light to what was written in the word. And in this age that we live in and this time we live in, we believe that God sent a prophet to make things plain to us. And it must dovetail perfectly with scripture. So, we are so grateful tonight that we could be gathered together and be able to have fellowship around the word of God um in a time when the world is characterized by so much darkness, so much uncertainty, so much calamity, so much stresses. To know that you could have something that you could hook on to or connect with that reminds us that we are creatures of eternity trapped in time. Reminds us that there's a world that's more real than this world that we experience. that there is a hope that's more valuable than the depression and the frustrations and even though we are connected virtually in this this Zoom room that I pray that as the word comes forth and this conversation around scripture takes place that your home could become a a holy ground a place that you could find Jesus because he's not limited by time he's not limited by space he's not limited by distance and our objective is that at the end of this session we are drawn closer to him and that's a principle of life itself. If as days progress you are not seeing progress in your life, you are not seeing achievements in your life, it should be a cautionary tale. We need to look at ourselves because our goal, our ambition must be to be better than we were yesterday. We must be able to look back and see that something has changed in us. You know, we can't keep living the same way all the time. Something has to have progress. And you meet a lot of people today. People are talking about more depression, more frustration, more anxiety, more mental health issues, challenges, more stresses, and that's the nature of it. But God has said, "I am the Lord and I change not." He is still a peace in the midst of the storm. He is still a comfort. He is still a friend that could stick closer to a brother. So, I will not be too long with you tonight. Um, but by the grace of God, we trust that something will be said tonight. If it's just one word from the Lord to one person, it's worth us coming together tonight. So I encourage you if you are here, be here. If you are present, be present. Don't take this casual. Don't take this light because words are very powerful and the future, your future is really defined by the words that you hear. You know, if you listen to certain voices every day, you're getting a channel of that voice that you hear. But if you have the right voice coming to you, it could point you in a way and push you into where you want to go. And to that end, it's tied to our study tonight. And the study is really a question tonight. And the question is, who are the people in your life? That's what we want to talk about tonight. Who are the people in your life? And I think it's an important question because when you look at a person, you don't just see that person. That person is the product of every influence, every conversation, every experience they have had. They are the product of good advice. They are the product of bad advice. There are things that I'm sure you could remember that your primary school teacher may have told you. Your secondary school teacher may have told you. You may have been in the cadets. You may have been in this and that. And you are the sum total of the people who have been in your life. If you could look back and see there have been situations that you have been through or experiences that you have had or decisions that you would have made because someone told you you should do this you know you should do that why you don't do this why you don't do that and had it not been for these people in your life your life would have been in a different place today and this applies on both sides because there are people in our lives who have a positive influence on us and there are people who in our lives and they have a completely negative influence and that is looking at it from your perspective. But what about the people's whose life you are in? Are you an influence? Are you having a positive influence on anyone? And part of this thought tonight comes from a conversation we would have had in church a few weeks ago where we would have referenced two men and and we would probably close on that thought. in the days of Jesus that they were both paralyzed. They were they both had needs, they both had situations and the only real difference because Jesus was present, healing was available, deliverance was available, hope was available and the only difference between these two men was the people who was in their lives. In the case of one, he said there is no man. And it it speaks of the man who was at the pool of Bethesda for 38 years. Year in year out, he is looking for deliverance. He's looking for help. He's looking for change in his life. And that's a good thing. When you want change, that's a positive thing. It speaks volumes about your character that you want to be out of the condition that you might be in. Whether it's it's it's a financial issue, whether it's a family issue, a job issue, a health issue, a issue of identity, whatever it might be, this man for 38 years was looking for a solution. And the Bible says that at the pool, at a certain season, the angel would come and stir the water and whoever jumped into the pool first would get whatever they asked for. And this man had the right objective. He understood the assignment, as they would say now. He understood that if he got there and he understood that if he got in first, help would come to him. But when Jesus met him and Jesus did, if I could use the word, the interview, he made the statement, there's no man who could put me in the pool. In other words, there was nobody in his life who he could have relied on, who he could have counted on. And I draw reference during COVID in particular on a global level. There were people who passed away and no one knew they passed away because there was very sadly no people in their lives. How tragic it is when you can't build connections. And it's important to build connections, but it's more important to build the right connections. We could contrast, we could compare the scenario of this man at the pool of Bethesda with another paralyzed man who had four friends. And while Jesus is preaching, they open up the roof above Jesus. And these four friends interrupt the service to drop their friend in front of Jesus for healing. Paralyzed man. But there was something about him that built a relation. So we want to take it through scripture. And I want to start in the book of Genesis. I'm going to talk a bit. We're going to read a bit and by the grace of God share a few things that hopefully could reframe our thinking and our approach with a few things. In the beginning, everything was perfect. As God was progressing through the days of creation, every single day he said it is good. Animals good, trees good, sea, land good. The entire sequence of creation from day one to day six there was a status report at the end of every day and the conclusion was good. If you had taken a picture on the seventh day it was good. Every single thing was good. That's what the Bible says. It was good. It was good at the conclusion of every day. And then the pattern broke after that. And for the first time in history, God could describe something he saw as not good. And when he said not good, this was before sin. This was before sickness. In a perfect Eden with a perfect man, in a perfect environment, there was no drugs. There was no sin. There was no robbery. There was no fornication. There was no adultery. There was no temptation. There was no issues. God actually found something that was not good. in a perfect creation. And he looked at man in his condition, in his position, his position of power, his position of authority. And I want us to be very clear here. This is before fallen man. And God said, "What is not good? It is not good for man to be alone." And we realize it was a parallel between God himself. Because before God created man, before God created angels, before God created what we see today, he existed alone and it was not a comfortable feeling. In fact, he did not want to be alone. So the very product of creation was to create fellowship. God himself wanted fellowship. And God looking at his son in a perfect place Eden in a perfect state position as a perfect man Adam said I'm not satisfied with this picture because if you live your life alone with no connections your life is limited. So from God's own intervention. So I want to make the point very clear to us. It was not Adam who went through a process of selfdiscovery and say you know what I'm missing something. He did not even know he was missing something. It was God who was observing on the outside who brought to the four or brought to presentation that there's something missing from this picture. And therein we see before sin even came there was a problem before sin. And the problem was solitude. The problem was a lack of connection. And therein lies the foundation of having the right type of connections in your life. I'm not just talking about marriage. I'm talking about brotherhood. I'm talking about friendship. I'm talking about connection in general that we were created to have relation. We were created to have fellowship. We were created to be able to connect with other people. It is a tragedy when people achieve quote unquote success and there's no one to celebrate with. There are countless stories of people who fought to get to the top and when they got to the top there's nobody else with them. They're there and they are not happy. They have money in the bank and they look in the mirror and they are not happy. They have a car, they have a house, they have three houses, but there's no one they could fellowship with. And across the board when it comes to the closing days of their lives, they would always say, "We I wish I had more connections. I wish I had invested more in my children." I And what they're really speaking about is relationship and having the right kind of relationship. So I want to underscore even in a perfect environment with a perfect man in a perfect position, there was a missing element. And in this we could build in this and I'm going to jump a bit through a few scriptures to kind of reconnect certain dots. So I want to jump now to the law if I call it the law of association that we'll find in Psalms 1. very familiar scripture but I want to just read through a few verses then to slow down again because here we are building that God who is relational in nature expects us to have relations expects us to have connections expects us to relate with others but he's very careful in how we do it so Psalms 1 verse1 said blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly very familiar scripture. Nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord and in his law that he meditate day and night. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. So within these three verses speaks about success, speaks about prosperity. Are you with me? Speaks about progress. But before you even talk about those, God deals with your connections. He talks about who is in your life, which is the question tonight. Who are the people in your life? And he takes it through a journey. He speaks about walking, standing, and sitting. So let's take it a bit slower again. Now he said, "Blessed is the man that walketh." So God expects you to be in a state of action and move in. So you say, if you're walking, be careful who you walk with because I don't want you to walk in the counsel of the ungodly. Many people get into trouble because of bad advice. You have to be careful who you getting advice from. There is such a thing as good advice. There's such a thing as bad advice. There's such a thing as godly advice. There's such a thing as ungodly advice. There's advice that will push you closer to God. There's advice that will take you away from God. Who is advising you? And here it is. Before God talks about planted by the tree and and and planted by the river of the living waters and all these and and and before he he presents this case of bringing forth your fruit, before he deals with fruit and before he deals with season and before he deals with your leaf not withering, he's saying let me address the issue first of who are the people in your life. I want us to get the flow here of scripture. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. So he moves from moving from walking to standing because there are people who you make progress. You're walking and walking. Then there's a time you have to stand or you end up in a time when you're standing. You say so you're not walking anymore. You're standing. Who are you standing with again? In that state of standing versus walking in that state of rest or pause or sailor or whatever it is, are you in the way of sinners? Do you take your rest? You want to go by the bar. You want to go here because you're you're you're not in movement, but you're standing. You have stopped. You have taken a pause from action, a pause from activity, but you are standing in the way of sinners. And then he goes now from walk to stand to now sit in the seat of the scornful. Again, in the three states of life's journey, in the three conditions we find ourselves in, you're either these are these are the two natural positions we find ourselves in. You're either moving, you're either standing or you're sitting up. The only thing he has to say here is light up. But it's a picture he is painting that in every state of your life because walking could be who you're working with. You're in movement. Standing is who you pause with or sitting down who you relax with. These are all different states of who are the people in your life. Now we know Adam fell and in God dealing with the issue of Adam falling in Genesis 3 verse 9. And the Lord God called unto Adam and said unto him, where art thou? And he said, "I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself." And God said, and he said, "Who told thee that thou was naked?" Now, I want us to pause there again because the question God didn't have, the first issue he attacked was not the condition of the man. The question he really ask is who was in your life? In other words, who talked to you? God didn't address his condition first. The first thing God asks is who he was with. Are we seeing that there? I'm raising this point to us because everyone in this room, I believe, want to have success. They want to achieve. They want to make it to heaven. They want to to be able to grow spiritually, grow financially. And we see in both success and failure, there's a significant value to be placed in who is in your life. So God didn't say, "You're wrong. You should have done it." He asked one question. Who told you? Who have you been speaking with? Who has reframed what I instructed you? Anybody with me? In the stillness of Eden, in the perfection of Eden, a voice entered into the environment of Eden through the serpent. Genesis 3:1, familiar scriptures, but foundational because of principles. Now, the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman again, here in there in lies a conversation. Therein lies an opportunity because Eve could say, "Don't talk to me." young people, adults, when people do things more often than not, you know, I hear somebody say this or somebody tell me I should do this or my friend is do it this way or we was just having a conversation in the lunchroom or I went to a family meeting. You know what's right in in many cases, but you hear somebody get away with this. He said unto the woman, "Yeah, had God said, you shall not eat of every tree of the garden." And the woman said unto the servant, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden." God had said, "Ye shall not eat it, neither shall ye touch it, lest he die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die." Again, for God doth know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. Now, I want to make the point very clear here. The only reason her eyes were open was because of the conversation. The serpent didn't deny God exists. He asked, "What did God say?" So we know the devil is not an atheist. You say, "What did God say?" He wasn't denying God exists. He wasn't denying God spoke. What he was trying to do was change the influence of God on her life. And it is very easy for you to allow a c-orker, a family member, a neighbor, a friend or an enemy to have an influence over you to make you act or do something you're not supposed to do. And I'm coming back to who are the people in your life. The fall of man began because of a conversation. I'll say that again. We're talking about cause and effect. If Eve hadn't had that conversation and allowed for that brief moment, that encounter, that situation would not have taken place. So, we have established God wants us to have fellowship. He wants us to have communion. He wants us to have relations. But it must be in the right way, in the right order, for the right reason, in the right context. The Bible will tell us in Ecclesiastes 4 and verse 9, "Two are better than one because they have a good reward for their labor. For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow. But woe to him that is alone when he fall, for he hath not another to help him up." I want to read that one more time. Two are better than one because they have a good reward for their labor. For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow. But woe to him. It's a warning to him that is alone when he fall. For he hath not another to help him up. Who do you have in your life who could help you up? Because the scripture is saying, "Woe to him who is alone when he falls." Because falling is a part of life. Needing support is a part of life. If you don't invest in real relationships to help you get closer to God, when you get in trouble, you have no one to lean on. And if the bulk of your conversations as a believer is with unbelievers around subjects and topics that are not edifying you, you have nowhere to go spiritually. The same is true in the natural. If you spend your time with depressed people every day, if we say that's so depressed, this is wrong. Life is you will leave that every day in you will get more and more depressed in them. If the people around you saying you know you can't make it and you can never be successful. That's a very the context. It takes a lot to break out of that. But if you are surrounded by people who say, you know what, there's nothing you cannot achieve. There is nothing that is is impossible for you. Don't look at anything else. Don't get distracted by your environment, your context. And there are many examples. There's a in the business world. There was a young man who started selling insurance around November, December, and he beat the numbers, beat the records. All the other agent want to know what was happening because normally in their mind December is the period when people don't buy but this young man never got the opportunity to get attached to the old fingers in the company. So nobody told him December is a hard month. So he didn't know it was a hard month. So he sold as if it was nothing was wrong. And because he had no kind of association towards that negative type of conversation because most of us we are the average of they say the five people around us. When you look at somebody and look at who around them most time you have no savings check the people around you and see if they have any say savings in the bank account. You have a healthy mindset around life. Check who around you. Look at seeing the connection. This is why even on a national level when you fly there are reason communities are structured the way they are. It's a global thing. It's not it's not a Trinidad thing. It's not a a US thing. It's a global thing. Birds of a feather flock together. People associate with what they like. So a negative based person they have negative friends. We call it a pity party. You walk in that room you see negativity if you know what good for your head straight out. But many of us we want to get gossipers. Gossipers don't spend time with people who do gossip because you can't be a gossiper. A gossiper and a non-gossiper can't get along. If you are a gossiper and you really meet a non-gsipper that something will have to give because the two can't agree. You want to talk about this one and that one and this one is the non-gsipper is focused on achievement and objective and progress and success. They are not time to talk about people and and that kind of they're not in that mindset. So if you want to change your life story, your life destiny, one of the first places to start to address the issues around your life is who are you spending time with? And the issue for many of us is we need to eject some people from our lives and we need to introduce the right people in our lives. I have seen young people on fire for God. And when you see them decline, you could trace it back to a friend in work, a family member, somebody who has a different objective. And well, the friends doing this, you know, the cousins who this or I can see someone who has been struggling get into the right company and their life story changes because they meet the right people. That principle applies in the natural as much as it applies in the spiritual. I trust it is helping somebody tonight. Every purpose, the Bible says in the book of Proverbs, not some purposes. Every purpose is established by counsel. That's Proverbs 20:18. So, every purpose is established by counsel. Even in Genesis, God said, "Let us make man." Every purpose is established by counsel. Who are your adviserss? Someone having trouble in their marriage and some single person who don't know nothing giving them advice. That that making sense. Who are your adviserss? Because if purpose is established by council, it means our influences may have more impact on us than we realize. I could scream and shout tonight for the next hour and you could choose what you listen to, who you talk to and literally break the impact because what we are saying tonight is to things to set you free. Free from yourself for you to realize that you are really a spiritual being. You're not natural. God didn't come to make natural. God is a spirit. God is spiritual. He's calling us to heavenly places. He's calling us a life that's above sin. He's calling us to a life of holiness. He's calling us back to Eden. He's calling us to redemption and to perfection and to putting your foot on top the devil and not yielding to temptation. He said, "Bring your body under subjection, make your body obey your confession, all this is scripture in the Bible. If you spend your time with people who think like that, speak like this, all that God bel all everything on this earth belongs to God. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. When you begin to think and speak like that and you surround yourself with people like that, how do you end up in the state of negativity and depression and I can't make it and I don't know how I going and I go backslide and I'm a failure. Failing is a part of life. It's not about if you fall is getting back up. The Bible say a righteous man fall but he get back up. So if you are surrounded by that kind of conversation, that type of dialogue, that type of environment, then it's very difficult for you to end up into problems. Can the church say amen? Every purpose is established by counsel. Even tonight we having counsel because tonight you are being presented that you are more than meets the eye, that you are stronger than you even imagine, that there's more in you. Because the Bible said, "Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world." That you could only come here tonight because something pulled you. Yes, someone may have invited you, but something have to pull you for you to respond in 2025. People don't want to hear about God. The Bible said there'll be level of pleasures. There'll be truth breakers. There will the the way the Bible describes this last day people. You see it in the news. the crime, the sin, the disrespect, the approach is not a national thing. It's a spirit of the world. This is what the end time spirit, end time condition produces. It takes God himself to be able to arrest someone out of that. And especially for young people to be able to say, you know what, I want to go to heaven. And heaven is not a catchphrase because I want to go, I will go. But the Bible defines what that must look like in the word. But again, this is impacted by who is in your life. Because ultimately, I want to make the point very clear. God is measuring us by our choices. You had a choice to be here tonight. You have a choice to come to church. You have a choice to work with your family, to love your children, to take a job, to improve yourself, to go to that's all these are choices. But all of our choices are influenced. So another way to describe this study tonight is really about influence. What is influencing you? If somebody say well I lost my joy about coming to the Lord then what is the influence that took that away? Because that could only happen because of another influence because if you are in the right environment having the right conversation doing the right things it is impossible for you to just fall away. What is influencing you to not pray? What is influencing you to not read your Bible? What is influencing you to not forgive? Even forgiveness but I can't forgive that man and somebody say n slide you know just that one statement you can't let that slide know and you holding an alt and a grudge because somebody tell you let slide a year two three years you still vex over something that you could have dropped a long time ago because somebody say you don't think them things so you know and you know you know trick chain up so don't don't let us slide and you in that mindset and your blessing is being hindered because of Who is in your life? Again, every purpose is established by counsel and with good advice make war. Righteous counsel will always align with God's word. So if you have someone in your life and the advice they're giving you, in the old days I would say this is for the young people, but this is for everybody. If you can't check what somebody's saying you, because every answer you need to every single problem is in the Bible. I'll say this again. Every answer to any problem you could ever meet, past, present, future, is in the scriptures. And if somebody's giving you advice that doesn't align with scripture, check the source of this thing. Because godly advice will always, not sometimes, always align with God's word. Corrupt counsel does find a way to compromise with it. Don't have to do it. So, you don't really need to do it that way. You could really compromise here. Righteous counsel brings clarity. God is holy. God is righteous. There's no compromise with God. He said, "I rather you're hot or you're cold." If you want to serve God, serve God. It can't be. Well, God is not operating a buffet. Well, you know, I I I just eat this, I don't eat this, I want this, I don't really like this, this is that's not how God operates. God hasn't given us, well, choose from me what you want. No, it's either you want God or you want the world. There's no three options here. So, righteous counsel will align with God's word. It will bring clarity to you. It will strengthen your conviction. If at the end of this meeting you cannot say to yourself, you know what, I've not been operating as I should and I want to do better. There are four numbers in my phone I need to delete. There are some people I need to stop talking to. Recently a brother said to me, he told his friends, "Listen, we need to end this thing because the advice you giving me not bringing me where I need to go." Can the church say amen? Righteous counsel will protect your purpose. You have to know you are born for a purpose. You have to know there's a reason for your life. You have to know that God put you here to achieve certain things. In the natural, in the spiritual, you are a reflection of God. There are people who may not be in this meeting tonight, but when they see you, they are inspired to understand why are you positive when things are the way they are. Why are you still happy and hopeful and excited with the way things are today? Can we build a little bit? I'm not going to be too long with you, but I want you at the end of this session to really ask yourself, who are the people in my life? Who are the people I want to keep? So, you're having you're leaving this meeting tonight with homework? Who are the people I could afford to keep? And for some of us, we need to let real people go. And what are the kind of people I want to meet? This underscores why church and fellowship is important. Now don't get me wrong in every church has three kind of believers. But the reality is for even maturity and for growth to take place. You can only truly grow when you're challenged by people around you. And there are people who may pass through your life for a season to show you how not to behave. So sometimes somebody have a season that show you that is not how I want to be. You see that kind of husband, that kind of father, that kind of businessman, that kind of leader, that kind of whatever it is, that is not what I want to be. And they will be there for a season to give you a lesson, to give you insight into what you don't want to be. And there are people in your life who are there to show you exactly what you want to be, how you want to look, what you want to achieve. Abraham and Lot, very familiar, foundational characters in scripture. Lot would have zero relevance in scripture had it not been for Abraham. The only reason we know Lot exists is because of Abraham. God never spoke to Lot. He called Abraham. It was because Abraham was in Lot's life. Lot had a financial blessing just based on proximity. I want us to appreciate that. So you could have somebody in your life and you are blessed because of that person in your life and you could look at it from two perspectives. Do you have people that are connected to you that is leading to you being blessed? And on the other side are you even a blessing to anybody? Could anybody say that you know what having you as a as someone in my life has been a blessing to me? There are people who live life having zero impact. Lord help us to have an impact. Because Jesus called disciples say go into the world and preach the gospel and change the world. And from 12 disciples you have millions and millions of people who have heard about Jesus. So the impact took place. What is your impact? Have you impacted anyone's life positively or when people see you they say boy I really trying to be with you? I really not really trying to hang out with you today. Lot's entire relevance in scripture existed because Abraham was in his life in so much that the blessings from Abraham pour into Lot so much that Lot's whole business grew. The conflict between Abraham and Lot's men because it wasn't Abraham and Lot in conflict was because of the blessing of the Lord was so much upon Abraham that Lot's blessings was so much that their businesses grew and their cles grew and there was conflict that took place. But you would notice friends the moment that Lot because Abraham being the spiritual one the mature one say Lot here's what it's not right for us to have this kind of conflict. You choose your journey wherever you go. I don't have a problem with it. And the Bible say Lot look around, look around, look around. And he pitch his 10 towards Sodom. You would notice that during the period that Lot was with Abraham, God was really talking to Abraham like that's enough because as much as Lot was being blessed because Abraham was in his life, Lot was also almost a weight on Abraham. Are we together? The moment Lot separated himself, God started to talk to Abraham again. Say, Abraham, come now that you're alone. Because during this thing called life, there are people who have to join your life. There people have to leave your life. There are stages and journeys and you have to know again to answer the question, who are the people in your life? And when Lot would have left, then God could say, "Abraham, look to the left. Look to the right, look to the north, look to the south. Everything your eye could see is yours." I couldn't tell you this before because there were people in your life who didn't want to hear this thing. Does that make sense to us? And this builds, let's jump to Moses. I'm just pointing out different characters in scripture to show the impact. the influence. I would just throw in a quick point. We talked about we did a Bible study some time ago about Morai that we say Queen Esther would have never risen to the position she did if Morai was not there because it was Modi's advice, Morai's counsel. It was Morai told her how to operate. It was Morai say how to speak, how to dress. It was Mori. He was her men. His amentor. Esther couldn't sit down and say, "Well, I reach here by myself." You know, and this is one of the reasons it is such a powerful lesson in of itself because many of us, we get so proud with our achievement and we forget that there are people along the journey that God place in our lives that help us see certain things, help us achieve certain things, help push us in a certain kind of a way that you cannot take credit for everything yourself. More importantly, you have to be able to acknowledge that without God, they cannot do it. And God allow people to come into your life. But now we are trying to reframe as we come to the end of this year because typically when they come into the end of a year, people do a lot of reflection. When you look back at just this this year alone, forget the last year, just this year alone. How have you progressed in 2025? Did you progress as much as you wanted to? Because with God, God don't speak about subtraction and division and breaking down. God speaks about expanding your borders, expanding your territory, achieving more, being able through the grace of God and the strength of God. This is not prosperity doctrine. This is you understanding that you have to make progress. He say add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and the knowledge temper. In other words, you should be making progress. You should have saved more this year than last year. You should have achieved more in your health. You should have achieved more with the right type of relationships because it's principles that you're tapping into. And if no one is telling you that you could achieve more, you could do better. Yes, you could be a better husband. If you're not around people who telling you you could be a better husband, yes, you could be faithful in your marriage. There are people in rooms. Those conversations do not take place. We cannot underestimate these things. Now, there was a time 50 years ago, 100 years ago, that was normal. But look at the world today in 2025. Is there anyone in your life telling you that being a Christian is achievable? That there is a reality to this thing, that the Holy Ghost is real, that the promise of God is real, that living and God being able to visit you, commune with you, that you could have a home that is a altar. Are there people in your life who say you should have a family altar? Or are people in your life telling you that it's longtime thing? Because if you don't have people in your life pushing you for spiritual maturity and growth, then who are the people in your life? And we could flip this thing down to who are you testifying to? Who are you encouraging? Who are you saying that yes, you could be a real man? You could be a real woman of God. Being male doesn't make you a man. Being female doesn't make you a woman because you have all kind of people around there having children and no context. Abandoned home. All kind of foolishness. That's the world we live in now. But the standard of the Bible hasn't changed because God said, "I'm the Lord and I change not." This is to encourage us to really check where am I getting my advice from? Who am I listening to? And more importantly, beginning to be conscious of the environments you place yourself in, the homes that you visit, the conversations that you have, whether is in the lunchroom, whether it's in your car, whether it was whatever it is to be very cautious there. Again, we're talking about people in your life. Moses, Exodus 17 from verse 8. Exodus 17 and verse 8. Then came Amalecch. We have spoken about Amalecch many times. The Amalachites, right? Then came Amalecch. This is the descendants of Esau, right? All the way down, right? And fought with Israel and Refford. And Moses said unto Joshua, "Choose out men and go out, fight with Amalecch. Tomorrow I will stand on top of the hill with the rod of God in my hand." So Joshua did as Moses had said to him and fought with Amalecch. And Moses, Aaron, and her went up to the top of the hill. And it came to pass when Moses held up his hand that Israel prevailed. And when he let down his hand, Amalecch prevailed. But Moses' hand were heavy. And they took a stone and put it under him, and he sat there on. And Aaron and her stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side, and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun. And Joshua discomforted Amalecch and his people with the edge of the sword. In other words, Joshua route the enemy, destroy the enemy. The picture I want to paint here is Moses is unique in scripture. We have Moses in the Old Testament. We have Moses on Mount Transfiguration. We'll have Moses again to the Jews in scripture. Moses is a critical piece of the puzzle of God. Moses is a strong man, spiritually strong, called for a purpose. But in this moment, we see Moses tired. We see Moses weak. Leaders get tired. Leaders go through weakness. And leaders need the right people in their lives. Sometime as a father, and I say this to young people many times, you look at your father, you look at your mother, you look at the people who you they may not show you when they're going through stuff. Many could tell you of they would not never know that their father or their mother or their grandfather was going through that because the more mature you get, the older they get, you learn how to master certain things. But don't underestimate the stress, the pain, the struggle that leaders have to go through. And Moses was at a point in his life that when his hands were up, the victory belonged to Israel. In other words, the real war wasn't the war in the valley. The real war was the war on the mountain. The real war was the leader being able to stay in leadership and be effective at the calling. And had it not been for Aaron and her literally holding up his hands, the battle would have been lost. The battle was very clear. When his hands fell, the war was being lost. When his hands was up, the war was being won. This applies in so many different contexts because you could apply it to leadership, church leadership, company leadership. Have you created enough value that you could actually help the leader take things further? Because life, success, homes, governments, countries, companies rise and fall on leadership. Here it was. If Moses wasn't even honest enough to say, "Well, brothers, it look like I need help you now." Or the men themselves wouldn't say, "Here's it. Moses, hear us. We need to help you." What if Moses say, "Brothers, just leave me alone." These brothers were key to success for Israel because Moses had to be part of the picture, but Aaron and her had to help his hands up. Who are the people in your life? Another example with Moses, one of the greatest leaders, and I want us to contextualize this. Moses led 2 million people out of Egypt in a day when he had no cars, no buses, no trucks. You know what the logistical process to lead a thousand people or even 100 people? There are people with two cars following them and they get lost. Two cars way by traffic light. No, don't turn. I see on the indicator are calling you out because the fourth car get lost. Five cars on the highway is a problem. You don't need to move two million people. Food, logistics, everybody see where so and so is. You're not in this group. You're not in that group. Here's a great leader. And when we come to Exodus 18 verse 13, again, we're talking about who are the people in your life. And I'm hoping in some small way the words tonight would be an impact to you to not only look at the people in your life, but for you to look at others around you because we need each other. Exodus 18:13. And it came to pass on the tomorrow that Moses sat to judge the people. And the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening. And when Moses father-in-law saw all that he did to the people, he said, "What is this thing that thou doest to the people? Why sit thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto evening? Hearken now unto my voice." In other words, listen to me. I will give thee counsel, and God will be with thee. Be thou for the people to God what? And that thou mayest bring the causes unto God, and thou shalt teach them ordinances, and laws. Moreover, thou shalt provide out of all the people able men such as fear God, men of truth, hate, and covetousness, and place such over them. So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father-in-law, and did all that he had said. And effectively what Moses did, he appointed leaders over Israel. So Moses father-in-law look at say listen Moses if you keep this up you'll kill you'll kill yourself you cannot keep this up I have a brother that send me messages to encourage me say hey you need to take a rest if you don't have people who at least saying I know you have the right motive right objective but if you don't pause you will reach nowhere fast enough that's good advice that is people who care about Because you could be zealously foolish in it. You have a good direction, a good motive, but you have to pace yourself. Who are the people in your life that will give you tell you the truth, encourage you, help you, help you. And the question you have to ask yourself is when you check who your quote unquote friends are, are they really helping you? Are you in a better position having these friends in your life or are they giving you temporary comfort and when you ready look are you moving anywhere you know? Anybody with me tonight? I'm not going to be too much longer. This tonight is more for us to think a little bit, reflect a little bit. Who are your Aon and her? Who are the people in your life that when your hands get tired, they could help carry you? Who are the people in your life when they see you, there is such a thing as doing too much. We talk a lot about being lazy and not doing enough. But there is such thing as doing too much. Life is about balance. You could be doing too little or you could be doing too much. You have to find the balance. Who is it to tell you when you're when you're not doing enough say you need to do more? And who? Hey, listen. You need to slow down because if you pause and you rest and you catch yourself, you'll be more effective tomorrow. Was he saying you work until midnight and you you're messing up all the numbers, the whole spreadsheet mashup? Anybody with me tonight? So don't think for a minute I'm telling you work hard, push, push, push. There's a balance. But sometimes and this is what is important friends if it's anything you get to you really sometimes cannot see yourself you know this is something we have to appreciate and you have to have people who you could trust who will tell you the truth even if the truth hurts who could tell you the truth even if the truth is not comfortable. I rather have somebody in my corner, in my circle who could tell me the truth. Even if it make me feel a certain way, I say, "No, you know, you're really right. I really should have approach it better. I really said it the wrong way. I really did the wrong thing." Because you have people to I want to do a Bible study on David's general. David's general versus the prophet. Nathan the prophet. When David wanted Bacha, David general is the one who carry the man to the front line and leave him to die. In other words, you could have people in your corner who will just listen to where you want. And now don't get me wrong, David's general, without that general, David would have been in real trouble. David's general was the one who when he saw Saul in the tent say, "Why don't kill him now?" And David said touch not God's anointed with this Bat Sheba situation. Nathan the prophet who is who say David you know you move wrong. His general never tell him to move around. His general was the first one say well I go and carry this man to the front line. They both love David but the context of the love and the expression the love because that so that general for David will fight whatever David tell he doing. But Nathan is the spiritual one. Nathan is a prophet and Nathan saying God not happy with this. So within context of life and leadership because again this bears into making decisions. You want to have the right approach to do something. This is why when we do a wedding we say it should not be ending into unadvisedly. You ever hear that line? Anybody ever appear to unadvisedly? If you reach out to the front of the church there and there was no way they advise you problems you know because you're not supposed to enter unadvisedly but if you go to the people with the wrong advice and I want to tell you this that that that I think you should be but you so confused you don't know where you're starting where you're ending where you're finishing how will the marriage last if you don't have the right counsel the right advice people who have walked the journey even people have made mistakes but they get it right because you really have to discern who you allowed to speak into your life when somebody says to you you should do it this way or you should do it and then you hear people say if I had gotten advice like this 20 years ago but life we're in a different place and then you kind of just take thing wholesale because even Paul as a leader the apostle Paul says follow me as I follow Christ and Paul didn't just bring doctrine as in spiritual guidance he spoke about life he spoke spoke about everything so that those who were under his care had an understanding. I hope this is helping us because the word of God comes to bring a complete being. The Bible says God has given us all things pertaining to both life and godliness. How could you profess to be a successful Christian in the spiritual realm and your natural life can't match that? You can't convince anybody because your work ethic is so terrible. It is disappointing when you hear somebody say some of the worst employees are people who are Christians. I have heard that many times. How is that a testimony? And the same Christian in the workplace is on the front line in church worshiping harder than everybody else. But their work ethic is terrible. When the Bible says when you work, work unto the Lord. I've said many times you can't say you're a Christian and I have problem with the man and the man and the job and I just do the people work. Christians cannot speak like that. That is not the Bible. The Bible say when you do your work do it to the Lord. Promotion don't come from the east from the west. Your boss could never promote you. He might express it but the Bible says promotion don't come from the east. It comes from the Lord. If God wants to promote you, trust me, your promotion is booked. It's guaranteed. it'll taking place. Increase comes from the Lord. Success comes from the Lord. He said, "Meditate on the word day and night and you'll have good success." We try to have success in our own strength that God give us the principles and formula. Meditate on the word day and night and you'll have good success. Why? Because within the word has the answers on how to approach things, how to approach people, how to speak, a soft answer, turn away wrath. You don't need to go to a course to learn that in the Bible. conflict resolution, all these things. But if you spend all your time gossiping, all the time on Facebook, all the time on Instagram, how you expect to grow as a believer? I trust this is helping somebody tonight. So we see different context, different example. So Moses tell his father-in-law, well, you are the father-in-law. You can't tell me nothing. This is how I feel led. Moses is showing a leader who is willing to listen to advice, willing to ask for help, willing to lean on help. Are you that kind of person tonight? I already touched this concept, but I want to just touch it again as we look to close out again. man going to the pool 38 years is a type of being very clear he had a desire for his life to change. I would like to believe if you're here tonight by your own choosing or by invitation that you're here because you want something more, something more than yesterday. You want a closer walk with God. You want to be able to connect with something beyond this natural realm. Friends, we are at the end of time. This world is falling apart. Politicians will never be able to solve it. The Bible tells us that the world is destined for judgment. The Bible tells us that the only hope is the Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible tells us that we are however challenged to live until he comes. We are challenged to be able to abide in the context of the world to be in the world but not of the world until he comes. We are challenged to flee from all sign of sin not put ourselves in the environment of it. So when sinners entice you the Bible say to go and do things you need to be able to say no I'm not this is not who I am that's not my identity. The Bible said Moses refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter. That's a choice that he made. He grew up in that home. It was his background. It was his environment. But the moment he got a realization of who he was, he started to make certain choices. And he refused to be called by that name. I don't know what name you have been called by. I don't know what background you have, what neighborhood you grew up in, what village you, but the way God sees things, your past has nothing to do with your future. In the truest sense of it, the way God sees you is a picture he has of you that is very different from your reality. The devil's job is to keep you in a state of your reality. And the job of the word of God and God's objective is to pull you out of your reality. If your reality now is sickness and you think that sickness is my family had this thing and and this is what I have now and that is a natural reality and the devil will pull everything out including the doctor to say that is yours. And I'm saying tonight by the power of God sickness doesn't belong to you. I don't care how long you've had it. I don't care what the doctors say. God is a healer. He is he is the same yesterday, today and forever. And even in this Bible said you could be completely healed from the crown of head to the soles of your feet. He is a way maker. He is a deliverer. And some of you have heard it before. Some of you hear it in letter. You hear it in word, but it never register because you still walk around as if God is not going to do it for you. You have to believe that your miracle is coming. On Wednesday night service, we read the quote about miracle. God is a miracle working God. And you have to know that your situation could change. Your environment could change. Your condition could change. And we could switch that word could to must change. Not just will change. It must change because something has to happen in your life that you see and you understand and you believe that this is a God of the impossible. So this man as we preparing to close out for 38 years that's that speaks of endurance. It speaks of staying and and and and and and being committed to the cause. But I want to challenge us. Are you investing in relationships with the right people? And are you strong enough to have an impact on people? Can you walk into a room and say, "No, I don't drink. I don't smoke. I don't party." But if you want to hear about what God could help you to see, I'll be happy to share about that. Do you have the strength to be able to have that impact on someone? And I talk about being self-righteous. I'm not talking about everybody being a pastor. But you have to be able to understand the source of your supply, the source of your strength. If you a Christian, be a Christian. Be a proud not pride, but be proud to stand up for what you believe. Don't hide it. The Bible says, "And my people shall never be ashamed." And in this world we live in now, people believe all kind of foolishness. People stand up for all kind of causes. Causes when they find out what the cause really is, they realize the cause never even made sense in the first place. So if you know this is the truth, then how much effort are you putting it? Because again I want to make the point that if you stand for something the people who are connected will stand with it as well, you know. But if you have nothing to stand on then then what will people associate you with? People shouldn't wonder if you're a Christian. People shouldn't have to wonder. Somebody shouldn't be surprised when they see you in the Bible study. Somebody shouldn't surprise when you see that. You just go to church. I say if your neighbors car give a testimony about you, you need to check yourself because everywhere Jesus went, you know Jesus. This is not to rebuke. This is to encourage us tonight because not only are we to be influenced by the right influences, but we all have to be an influence. The great commission is to go into the world and preach the gospel. That's the great commission. That's Jesus instructions. Go into the world from Jerusalem unto Judea, unto Samaria to the uttermost parts of the world. And the promises unto you, unto your children and them are far off. All believers supposed to be telling people about the Lord Jesus Christ. It's the great commission given from the Lord Jesus Christ himself. This is not from a pastor or apostle or teacher or prophet. The Lord himself. This commission has never been cancelled. But for you to have an impact on others, you must have a testimony. People must know you're trying. You have an effort. You're making progress. The things you used to do in the past, you don't do them no more because your nature is being changed. You're making because now that brings people into a rhythm that you're pushing your you're looking to achieve something. We dialing on this man here 38 years. The Bible in that context speaks of there were people and and we could just read it and we could kind of close out with this and and and and that aspect there in John 5 from verse one. After this there was a feast of the Jews and Jesus went up to Jerusalems. This book of St. John 5 and verse one. Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda having five porches and these lay a great multitude of impotent folk and the Bible is now describing the nature of these situations of blind halt withered waiting for the moving of the water. So the picture here is like a hospital. There are people with different conditions, some blind, some hall, some withered. It would mean similar to a hospital room that there are people who have greater emergencies, lesser emergencies, different situations there. For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool and troubled the water, whosoever then first after the trouble in the water stepped in, was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. I wonder tonight if the agent were to trouble this water in their zoom room tonight, who would be the first person to say, "I am diving into this thing. I am going all in. Maybe I've been backslitten. Maybe I've been in church, but I already have not been as committed. I am diving all in to be completely whole." This is the picture that's there. And a certain man was there which had an infirmity 30 and 8 years. When Jesus saw him lie and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he said unto him, "Wilt thou be made whole?" The impotent man answered him, "Sir, I have no man." This is the statement. "I have no man. There's nobody in my life. I have no cousin, no neighbor, no school friend, no church friend, nobody. I have no body." when the water is troubled to put me into the pool. But while I'm coming, another step down before me. And Jesus said unto him, "Rise, take up thy bed, and walk." Jesus healed him. And this is powerful. The issue for me is not the fact that Jesus healed him or the fact that he was coming or the fact that he had his children for a long time. The question I ask is this. How different his life would be if maybe he had invested in people in a different way. Even in coming there is there somebody who was next to him. He said here you see my condition was worse than yours. You want to help me? You looking younger and fit. Maybe you could go next year and and jump in. But and I want to just talk about the value because we're seeing here in scripture. There's not such a thing as so strong you will always stand alone. I want to make the point very clear. There will come a time in your life you will need help. And you have to have people you could rely on who could help. Somebody help may just be a word, an advice, a counsel. It could be a business decision you need to make, a family decision, a marital decision, a decision with your child you need to make, and you want to know. You could call somebody and say, "Here's what this is the situation. How would you approach it? Am I missing something? Am I not seeing something?" And we give the other example of the man who was healed through the roof because he had his four friends there. Despite his condition, he had relationships. In closing, the same way God longed for connection before creation is the same way God wants to see connection within creation. We have spent time talking about natural connections and God's desire for us to have natural connections. But the most important connection that you could leave with tonight is what I call the divine connection. While it's good to have people in your life who could point to you, point you, give you good advice, if you don't have the Lord Jesus in your life, this has nothing to do with church. People sitting in church and they don't have Jesus. People sit down and they believe and they don't have a relationship with the Lord. They know scriptures. They know church but they don't have a relation because a relationship speaks to their prayer life. And I've used the example many times. There are some people I know everybody in this room could tell me there's somebody who when you see their number on your phone calling, you know they're calling for something. The only time they call is when they call them for something outside of that you hear from them at all. Anybody know anybody like that? And the time people call when they calling you know it's some kind of stupidness. You know it's nothing positive, nothing good. Some of us that's how we are like with God. The only time we go to God is is a problem is a big problem because you don't do everything. you you going to get yourself into trouble and now you're saying Lord help me help me help me I can't fix it we don't have a relationship so the so so this is now taking it now to bring the point home to all of us if we were to ask because if I ask your coworker you have a relationship with this person this person has talked to you on the job you have people who tell you I don't talk to nobody I go to but if the Lord were to sit on here for an interview I want you to picture it and were to ask the Lord, hear this now. What would you say about this person in this room tonight? Do what is your relationship like with them? How often do they talk to you? How often do they have fellowship with you? Is it every day? Is it is it in morning and evening? Is it is it three times a day? Is it once a week? Is it once a month? What is the quality of the relationship that you have with this person? Because this is a two-way street. Because the Bible said, "I stand at the door and knock and whoever open, I will come." Because Jesus wants a personal relationship with all of us. But we are so busy in this thing called life that we have no control over because we don't hold tomorrow. We don't know what tomorrow will have. We don't know what Sunday will have, Monday. We live with a lot of assumption that we'll be here to do whatever we want to do. And we don't even know if we'll see tomorrow or Sunday or Monday or Tuesday or whatever that is. And we live our life in such reckless abandon. I ask ourselves the question, how could you leave your home in 2025 and not commit your day to the Lord? Commit your way to the Lord. Commit your home to the Lord. You could have the best alarm system and the best dog and the best this. But I can guarantee you the Bible said the angels of the Lord encamp around among them that fear. There's no security like the security of the angels of the Lord. There's no covering and no protection than the Lord being able to do battle for you. I want a better relationship with God. That's my desire. I want a better relationship with my brothers, with my sisters, with with those who could have an influence over me, who I could have an influence over. That's a positive one. Not for foolishness. I've reached a point in my life by my tolerance of foolishness is very low. I don't know if it's a thing with getting older, but my tolerance of foolishness is just getting lower and lower because you're realizing how critical life is when people end up into real issues, real problems. And after the kiki and the laugh and the joke and the fun and this and that and recognize that is a life and death matter is a situation on the on the table or something and recognize here's what the laughing and the fun is not the currency that moves the needle. Do you have the currency of faith to move the needle? Do you have the prayer warriors that could really enter into the suffering with you to pray you through something? Do you have a relationship with God that your voice doesn't sound strange to God because he's hearing from you all the time? So when you do go to him in prayer, he knows he say that's that's my boy. The Bible speaks about Cornelius that Peter went to and the Bible said there was vial of prayers for him. In other words, he was praying so much they could have stored his prayers. You hear the context? So, however they storing prayers in heaven, they say that Cornelius says prayers stored up there. Is there a storage of prayer that have your name on it in heaven? Do you have that kind of a relationship? And have you, as we getting ready to close, have you emptied out your life that God could truly fill your life so we could shift the conversation from who are the people in your life to is there the person of Christ Jesus in your life? Is he in your life? A lot of people want to relate to church as a a feelood. I get a blessing. I hear a word. And but I don't want you to leave tonight. I feel encouraged. already we no is Jesus in your life. We sing the song come into my heart. I Is that something you really want? Because I can guarantee this. If he really comes in your life, there will be change. There will be transformation because light and darkness cannot live in the same house. for God to be able to have free reign. God's prophet spoke a message doors indoors. He says there are some people when you invite them to your house or they come to your house, you leave them right in the porch. You don't want them coming anywhere more than the porch. There are others you let them come into the living room and they can sit under the couch. You don't want them near the kitchen. There are people who you comfortable with. They come in the porch, they come in the living room, they can go in the kitchen, you tell them, "Listen, wherever you want, go and take it." because you have a better relationship with them. You have people that have no problem. So go into my bedroom and take a thing off the shelf. And he preach doors in doors. God wants to walk through every door of your house. Are there doors in your house that you trying to keep closed or you need to keep closed or you want to keep closed because there are things behind those doors that really and truly you don't want God to see or God really don't want to see. It requires a change, a choice, a rededication, a commitment. And that's why I would have said during the teaching tonight. There are people on your phone. Get them out. The people who you talk to, you had to stop. It's a hard stop. Do don't don't even let it down slowly. No. As for me and my house, we will serve it. If you want to serve God, you have to make a clean cut. You have to decide. And is a real decision. You need to be relentless with if you want to make progress spiritually as much as naturally, you have to make the tough decision to say, "Lord, I'm doing this all the way." Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight for this opportunity to gather, Lord, and to spend some time with this Bible study to have a conversation, Lord, around the influences in and around our lives. Lord, with the climax being you being the complete influence, you want to have the preeminence in us. You want to be the one to direct us, the driver of this car of our lives. Too many times we try to drive it and every time we drive, we end up into problems because we go against your will. But tonight, we want to allow you to take the driver's seat. And Lord, as Jesus said in the garden, he said, Lord, not my will, but thy will be done. Our will will always run contrary to yours. He said, for your ways are higher than our ways. Your thoughts are higher than our thoughts. Father, and when we look back through our life and see the things we thought we would achieve and thought we would do and even with sometimes the successes we have and we there's an emptiness that we feel because we could always find places where we didn't include you in it. The Bible says to acknowledge you in all of our ways and you will direct our paths. And Lord, there are many times we have done our own thing, done it the way we want, and when we look back, we realize we were missing the most important element. We never got your advice. We never got your counsel. We never sought you. We never prayed on it. We never spoke to the right people because you placed people in our lives so that we could have the right anchors and the right connections so that we could make better decisions, not worse decisions, better decisions. So Lord, help us to reframe this issue of who are the people in our lives. Not just you in our life, but the connections because on a daily basis, we interact with people, family members, neighbors, co-workers, whatever it might be. And it's so easy to get caught up until we don't even realize we have drifted away from our first love, drifted away from our calling, drifted away from our purpose. And what was one step away becomes two becomes five, becomes 10, becomes 15. We still come in the church. We still believe, but we're not as strong as we were because we have drifted away by words. The same way words allowed Eve to drift away. The same way words had an impact. Lord, help us to seek the right influences. Help us to have the right connections. Help us to get the strength to cut out people from our lives who are not helping us get closer to you. Because at the end of the day, it is no good. We do all of this and we don't get closer to you. May you strengthen those here tonight, Lord, who are looking for more of you. May you minister in homes, in families. May you bring peace, joy, deliverance. May you present something to your people, Lord. Lord, I'm just a microphone, a vessel. May you continue to work, Lord. And may you bless your people. May you bless the service this coming Sunday. May you be with your people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. May the Lord richly bless you tonight. Thank you for being a wonderful audience. I pray you have a wonderful evening, a blessed weekend, and I look forward to seeing you in church on Sunday, Lord willing. God bless you and have a great night.
