################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Every Man Must Press - Bro. Gideon Ovid - Gideon Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Every Man Must Press - Bro. Gideon Ovid
Speaker: Gideon Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbgPzBhU4mc
========================================

Heat [Music] [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's stand this even with every hand raise all this place. of redemption. My rightousness is he name of Jesus. He is worthy. [Music] He alone is worthy. Is worthy to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victorious my ris [Music] Lord. He purchased my redemption. My rightousness is he. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is worthy. Let's just sing it one more time. He alone is worthy. [Music] alone is worthy to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victorious my ris [Music] Lord your purchase redemption my righteousness is he exalt the name of Jesus. He is worthy. Exalt the name. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is worth thee. Let's just give him a hand of praise tonight. Blessed be his wonderful name. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Hallelujah. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. I hope you come under expectation. I'm excited. I feel something great is about to happen and something good is in store tonight. Amen. If you have your Bibles, I'd like to turn with me quickly um from the book of Psalms, reading chapter 63, the first few verses [Music] there. And it says, "Oh God, thou art my God. Early will I seek thee. My soul thirsteth for thee. My flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land where no water is to see thy power and thy glory. So as I have seen thee in the sanctuary because thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee while I live. I will lift up my hands in thy name. My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fattness, and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips. May we bow our heads as we open in a word of prayer. Oh precious father, Lord, tonight we deem it such a privilege to be gathered together, Lord. Lord, we didn't gather in vain. We didn't gather to just see each other, Lord, or just to talk, Lord. But we have gathered on expectation to hear from you, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would come down and show up strong tonight. That you will speak lip to air to your people, Lord. Lord, that you will come and fill and fulfill and meet every need here tonight. Every home that's represented, Lord, every family, every individual, Lord, I pray that you speak to hearts, Lord, that lives be changed and transformed. Those that are not physically here, but might be connected on the internet, Lord, that might be home or wherever they are, Lord, or may interact with this content after, Lord. I pray that your presence be with them, that your power be with them, that you will go out and fill them, that you will heal them, that you will restore them, that you will deliver, that you'll baptize, that you'll lift them up and set them free, Lord. Lord, I pray that your power would go out, Lord. Lord, that your spirit will flow out, Lord. Lord, that your people be filled and refilled and they be baptized, Lord. I pray that you'll inspire us and encourage us, Lord. Help us to to worship and to praise you and to lift you up and create such an atmosphere that you'll be so pleased to dwell, Lord, that the minister could hardly minister, Lord. Lord, that you would have your full and and perfect will, Lord. You will have preeminence tonight, Lord. Lord, we want to to sing the way you want us to sing. We want to speak the things you want us to speak, Lord. And we want to give you all the praise, all the honor, and the glory. Bless your musicians, bless your singers, bless your officers, your worshippers, Lord, your people gathered together and those that could make it. I pray that you be with them in a special way in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, lamb of God. Blessed be his wonderful name. Amen. Let's sing that song. There's going to be a meeting in the air. [Music] In the air, in the sweet sweet by and by, I am going to meet you and greet you over there in a home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal air. It will be glorious. I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at the meeting in the air. Oh, you have heard of little Moses and a bull rush. You have heard of failless David and his sling. Oh, you have heard the story told of Dream and Joseph and of Jonah and the whale. We often sing. There are many, many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare. Oh, by and by the Lord will surely let us meet them at the meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal lair, will be glorious, I do declare. And God's born son will be the leading one. in the Let's just sing one more verse. Oh, many things will there be missing in that meeting. Oh, for the mourers punch will have no place at all. There will never be a sermon preached to sinners, for the sinner refused to hit the call. There will be no morning over away what love ones. There will be no night of pleading prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted at the meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air. In the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in the home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal air will be glorious, I do declare, for God's own son will be the leading one at the meeting in the air. Oh, I'm pressing on. Say on with all I know. I'm pressing on on with all I know. I'm pressing on to that city. Then there's a mansion prepared for me. Just one more time. I'm pressing on. Set a home with all I know. I'm pressing on on with all I know. I'm pressing on to that city. There's a mansion prepared for me. Blessed be his name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. You love him tonight. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Let's sing that song. Jesus. Jesus. At the mention of your [Music] name. Oh Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee and tongue proclaimed. Jesus, [Music] Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are Lord. Every hand raised, let's just sing it. [Music] Jesus Jesus said at the mention of your name every knee will bow and tongues proclaim Jesus. [Music] Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Let's sing it again. Oh Jesus, wonderful Jesus. At the mention of your name said every knee will bow. Come proclaim that Jesus Jesus said you are savior, you are Lord and you are God. Sounds so good tonight. Singing Jesus. Oh Jesus, at the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Jesus, Jesus, you are savior. You are God. you are for the last time. Oh, singing [Music] Jesus. Jesus at the mention of your name. Every knee will bow and tongue proclaim that Jesus Jesus you are savior, you are lord and you are God. From before time began said you are on the throne. You are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. So you are on your throne. You are God alone. Let's lift our hands and sing it. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad. Say you are on your throne. He's on his throne tonight. You are God alone. Let's just raise a key. Just lift our hands and worship him right now as the music plays. Thank you Jesus. Father, we praise you Lord. We bless your name tonight. Lord, we come under expectation to hear from you Lord. We pray that you will bless us Lord. We pray that you will fill us Lord. Speak to our hearts tonight Lord. Lord express your love to us tonight Lord. Lord we thank you for your grace, for your mercy, for your loving kindness, Lord. There is none like you in all the earth, Lord. You could go to the east, west, north, south, and we'll never find anybody like you. Anybody who could love us like you do, Lord, who could forgive us and redeem us and save us and raise us up. Lord, we ever so grateful. We owe our lives to you, our breaths to you. Everything we do, Lord, we owe it to you tonight, Lord. You are God by yourself. You don't need us, but you chose us anyway. You selected us before the foundation of the world, knowing that we'll be here in this hour. Thank you, Jesus. We love you, Lord. We praise you. Let's just give them a hand of [Music] praise. You are on your throne. You are God alone. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone and he's unchangeable. Unshakeable. Unstoppable. That's who you are. Said unchangeable. Oh, unshakeable. Unstoppable. That's who you are. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. Thank you Jesus. Father we bless you Lord. Father we worship you. Father we lift you up. We exalt your holy name Lord. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the wonderful name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. At this time we want to switch over to the word portion of the service. Amen. So I want to invite you to have your seats. Amen. What a blessing it is to be here together again to fellowship around the word. Amen. Thank you, brother Steven. Before I begin, I just want to share something briefly. And in putting together this message, you know, I felt that this thought needed to be delivered in a particular way that everyone would understand. I don't want to be too long. I want to be simple, clear, concise, you know, with that background. And as a preamble to the message tonight, I want to share a brief quote from the prophet with you. Amen. You love him. What a mighty God we serve. from a message perseverance paragraph 30 it says brother sister I don't know when I want you to listen now he say I'll make my last trip to Chicago one day this may be it but I'm telling you in the name of the Lord Jesus the gospel is true this is the last days we're living in the shadow of his coming whatever you do press into the kingdom of God. Amen. If there is one little touch that strikes your heart, you come quickly while you have the opportunity to come cuz the hour is approaching when it'll be too late. And then you'll never want to come no more. There won't be any more call in your heart. And then no matter how much you did try, you would never get in. When the last member is added to that body for the rapture, there'll never be another one saved. The doors are closed as it was in the day of Noah and there will be no salvation left. Though people will think there will be, that's where the trouble is going to come. See, this brothers and sisters is what I want to just lay as a background for the message tonight. And for a title, every man must press. My inspiration, God knows your heart. Despite what you say, despite what you do, he knows your heart. Amen. So, let's just stand for the reading of his word. And if you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn with me to the book of Luke, reading a few scriptures there. Luke reading from chapter 16 vers 13- 16. When you find it, say amen. Okay. Reading from Luke 16. It says in verse 13, "No servant can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. He cannot serve God and mammon." In verse 14 it says, "And the Pharisees also who will covet us, heard all these things, and they derided him." And he said unto them, "Ye are they which justify yourselves before men, but God knoweth your hearts." Amen. For that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God. And verse 16, the law and the prophets were until John. Since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, Lord, tonight you've given us one more opportunity, one more time to gather together, Lord, to fellowship around your word, Lord, for you to speak to our hearts, Lord. Lord, we pray that you take me out of the way, Lord, and you put this message together the way you want it delivered, Lord. Lord, that you will arrange your words the way you want it to be spoken, Lord. Lord, I pray that lives be changed and transformed and hearts be be, Lord, so uplifted, Lord, that they realize the hour we are living in and they realize what they're challenged and called to do tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that your hand of mercy and grace extend right now, Lord. Lord, to your people, not just gathered here, Lord, but the people who might be looking on online, Lord. Lord, I pray that you have your perfect will in this service, Lord. Lord, I pray that you deliver your love letter to your people tonight. Lord, I pray that we leave here free, Lord. That we leave here with a praise in our lips and a worship in our hearts, knowing who we are, knowing who you are and what you have in store for us, Lord. Lord, have your perfect will in this service in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. May have your seats. Amen. Bless his holy name. You know, as I read that scripture, I I need to say to press, you have to do something. You can't rock back and press. It's not something you can lie down in a bed and you just press. Press is not automated. Despite AI and technological developments, press requires work. It requires that you have something to do. So while pressing you might get hurt. You could get hurt while you press. Perhaps you might get embarrassed, ridiculed, ostracized. You might even lose some friends because you're pressing. Despite that, we can't just sit back and expect things to work out because you're a child of God. You're son of God and daughter of God, and everything's supposed to work out fine because God is a good God. Amen. That's right. But he wants you to press. He wants you to fight. He wants you to work. He need you to labor, to travail. He wants you to hunger and thirst after righteousness. He wants you to love him and love one another. He wants you to forgive. He wants you to pray and have a relationship with him, to understand him, to know him. So there is something that we are required and called upon to do. That's the press tonight. Hallelujah. You know in a message investments paragraph 109 the prophet said and Noah's family seeing that the father meaning Noah a good man was pounding away building the ark his sons and his daughter-in-law and so on they compounding away with him bearing the reproach of the word this wasn't his opinion this was the reproach of the word prophet said you always have to do that the kingdom of God doesn't come without trials. It's not an easy road. It's not an easy ride. Amen. Men press into it into the kingdom of God. Not observation. No. But it paid off in saving his life. We could stay on hours talking about Noah, but we don't have hours tonight. Amen. You know, when there's a call to press, there's often apprehension, there's often some anxiety because you have to manage expectations cuz I said you have to work. So, the interesting thing about pressing is like a fire at home. If you're in bed and you know it, and you realize smoke emanating from the kitchen area, you have to get into action. Amen. You can't lie down, lay back and relax and say, "Well, you know what? I real tired here because I work whole day and oh gosh, my body aching." You'll be burnt up. The blaze will overcome you. Amen. But there is something called adrenaline that takes over when you become desperate. Desperation usually ignites almost like a hidden power in you that you didn't even know you had. and cause you to operate contrary to how people believe you should. When you're called to press or in order to press, you need to get desperate. Without desperation, there's no real desire to press to change. It requires great effort. When everything is all right, you don't have to worry because you feel you're at ease in Zion. But when circumstances make you desperate, your mindset has to change, your attitude has to change, your behavior has to change. Like I say, it cause you to do things that seem out of the ordinary. It cause you to do things that are a little extra. It caused you to act a little extreme that folks would be like, "I never expected them to do that. I can't believe they do that. They jump over the wall, you know, because they were desperate. In this scripture, they say, "Listen, the kingdom of God is preached." And every man is required. That includes your parents, your children, your spouse, your your your family members. They're not exempt from the work required to press. They have to. If you want to be in the kingdom, you have to press because it's a challenge. is a requirement of the hour. You heard it read earlier. The hour is late. We're in the last days. I don't have to prove that to you. You know it. Everybody does. It's nothing new I'm saying. But here in the scripture in the book of Luke, they highlighted a special need that despite what the Pharisees say, despite what you may have in your mind, there's a special requirement that the kingdom of God is preached and every man that want to be inside have to press. Amen. Now there's a message brother Brandon preached called desperations. And in that he gave a story and just as a backdrop there was a a meeting there and a guy was healed of blindness and there were tons of people. As a matter of fact they had to put the prophet over a wall to get to to the meeting. It was so much persons around. When he got there there was a big chaotic arrangement going on. Billy Paul came and said listen here what we have a problem. The prayer cards are finished. We don't have anymore. But we have a woman at this meeting who pressing. Now pressing is not a kind of polite thing. You know, pressing requires activity. It requires a level of disruption. Because you remember, you're not acting normal. Because when your circumstances are dire, when things seem tough, when your back against the wall and you have nowhere to turn and and people calling you and you don't know what going to happen next and what's your next move, trust me, you have to do something different. You have to press. So in this particular meeting, paragraph 144, so we come up to there. This is in Mexico now. It said she she said my baby is dead. So she had a need. Look at her circumstance. Her baby was dead. It's been dead since this morning. I must get in there. You hear the word must. That's why in the title it say you must press. It's not an option. You know, it's it's mandatory. You know, sometimes you fill a form and you see optional things like that. You might want to fill it out. No, this here is mandatory. Her circumstance dictated insisted that she had to do something different. So in this case they say I must get in there and she was coming prayer card or not with or without it. Listen, no matter what, you're doing whatever it takes to get the outcome you're looking for. Amen. Amen. And they lined up about 300 ushers there and she'd go right under their legs and jump right up on top of their backs and run with this dead baby and fall down among them. Didn't make any difference to her. She was trying to get there because she was desperate. God had spoke to her heart. God could give sight. She'd seen that. Amen. He gives sid just the day before. And if he could do that, he could give life. Amen. Oh my. She was desperate. Something was burning in her. Oh, sick people. If you'd let that burn in you for a few minutes and watch what happens. That kind of a desperation that God could heal this little boy the other night. Could heal a lady with cancer, heal this man and do this, Miss Florence Nightingale. Oh, the tens of thousands. He that undisputable evidence raising the dead and healing the sick and everything else. If he is God, that same unchangeable, unstoppable, unshakable, unmovable, same yesterday, today, and forever kind of God. Say, say, listen, if he is God and he could do that, he's God yesterday, he is God today. Get desperate and you'll get something done. Then in that desperation, she kept rushing. I said to brother Jack Moore, I said, "She don't know no know me. She's never seen me. She don't know who it is up here on the platform." That little Catholic woman now couldn't speak a word of English. So then, how does she know who it is? I said, "Go on down and pray for the baby and that'll satis satisfy her and she'll go on." said it won't cuz it was a just constant roar down there. She would jump up and everybody would be screaming. She'd run right over the top of their shoulders right down among them. She would gain a few feet and then they'll try to put her back and here she'd come right between their legs holding this baby upsetting ushers and everything else. Didn't make any difference. She was getting up there. She had to get there. It don't make any difference what it is. She was going to get there. Had to minister. Now, it isn't just a story like the Shinomite woman only listen that was 3 400 years ago. So, they can be the same thing tonight. When the same desperation rises, we'll throw love and faith up there to the battlefront to claim what you want because it's a promise of God that you can have it. That's exactly right. I turned me the minister, the evangelist at that place. I turned I felt sorry for the woman. But there's no desperation. See, I turned and thought, "Well, brother Jack, brother Jack will pray for her." And that that settles it. I turned around and I said, I was speaking now faith and I looked out there and there was a vision. I seen a little baby sitting there. A little blackfaced Mexican baby with no teeth. It was laughing at me sitting out there. I said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute." Her desperation drove the Holy Spirit to change my subject, change my eyes and show me her baby sitting there. That sent the spirit back. I said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Bring me the baby. Here she come with a little wet soaking blue and white blanket, a little dead form about that long." Yes, she fell with a crucifix in her hand or a rosary to say these Hail Marys. I told her, "Put it up. That's not necessary." And she came up close to where I was and she screamed and holler padre, which means father. I said, "Don't say that. Don't say that. Do you believe?" And he said it in Spanish to her. Did she believe? Yes, she believed. He asked, How would she believe? She said, "If God could give that old man his sight, he can give my baby the life." Amen. Desperation drove her to it. Not a thing on my part. I just saw the vision. I said, "Lord Jesus, I saw a vision of a little baby. It might be this one." About that time, he kicked his feet, went. I said follow her to the doctor. Get a written statement from the doctor. That baby died. And it the doctor wrote the statement. That baby's respiration heart stopped this morning at my office at 9:00. Died with double pneumonia. Oh, the baby is living in Mexico tonight as far as I know. Why? The desperation set in on a little mother's heart. crying for her child that had seen God heal a man's blind eyes and knowed he could raise the dead baby. desperation when thou seekest me with all thine heart then I'll hear you see the kingdom the law and the prophets were tell John since then the kingdom of heaven has been preached and man press into it you don't just stand around and say pick me up by the color Lord push me in you press into it you get desperate between life and death amen hallelujah Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. You know often time we get confused with the blessings of God. You see, God wants you to have good things. You know, he wants what's best for you. He wants you to prosper. He wants you to be blessed. Amen. But you see, he wants you to do it using his provided way. That's the thing. He wants you to use his proven methods. Amen. His proven approaches. He want you to thank him. This listen in all thy ways. Acknowledge him and he will direct your path. It says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and righteousness and everything else will be added." That's what he wants. He wants it all. He wants you to surrender to him. He want to ensure that you do it his way. Hallelujah. I quickly want to move to to Matthew's account or in in in Matthew, you don't have to find it in chapter 6 verse 24-34. It says, "No man can serve two masters for either he will hate the one and love the other or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. He cannot serve God and mammon." Amen. Therefore, I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. It's not the life more than meat, and the body than reignment. Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into bands, yet our heavenly Father feedth them. Are ye not not much better than they? Amen. Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit to his stature? And why take he thought for arraignment? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. Amen. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith? Therefore, take no thought, saying we, what shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or wherewith all shall we be clothed? For after all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things, but seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the tomorrow, for the tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Amen. You know, I want to revisit that scripture that we started with. Yeah. In in in the book of Luke, in Luke 16, like I said, I wouldn't be long with you tonight. In Luke 16, looking at verse 13, it says, "No servant can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other." He cannot serve God and mammon. Here's what brother Brandham had to say about it in the message perseverance. He said, "We have our body and our being here is like a seed." This is paragraph 24. And the seed on the outside has a shell. Inside the shell, a pulp. Inside the pulp has a gum. That's the way we are. Body, spirit, and soul. Now in the body, there's five senses. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. To the soul there's a conscience and so on. Five avenues to it. So five of the body, five soul. The inside is one avenue. And that avenue is the same place that God set man from Adam and Eve. Self-will. You will to live or you will to die. Either one you want to. It's you you're based on free moral agency. And whatever spirit that you let dominate you, you will bring forth. Your life will be dominated by the inside despite what you say by the inside. You see, that's how lie detectors could work. You know, because you're built a particular way. You wasn't created to lie. So you could watch the person doing the testing with a straight face, poker face, and tell them, "I did not do it." But the detector do so because you were not made to lie. Amen. So he said this is based on something on the inside and faith. So many people rely upon the five senses and he said they're fine. Nothing against them if they agree with the six sense. So it can't be contrary to faith. Amen. This soul, this spirit can only be of two kinds. One of them is the spirit of God. The other is the spirit of the devil. You can't serve two masters at the same time. You're wholly given to one or wholly given to the other. And if you got the spirit of God in you, you've got faith. You'll believe every word that God wrote. And if you haven't, you might be. Now the devil is not like sometimes we think the devil is this ugly character with horns and a tail. He coming like a horror movie and he frightening you. Ah no. If that was so he can't can't fool you. He can't catch you. But you know what he said? He said but he's deceitful. The devil makes you think that you're right. But when you disagree with the word, that shows that it isn't the spirit of God cuz the Holy Spirit wrote the Bible. And then it's got to be agreeable with the word and remember last Sunday just one little disbelief in God's word. Eve Satan told her the truth. No really what what God say. Satan agreed. But you know what? He changed one word. One word. He told her the truth and he never denied the word being true. But that one little part of the word caused all this trouble. The woman disbelieved it because she was hunting for wisdom instead of staying with the word. When God says anything, heavens and earth will pass, but his word shall never pass away. God's word must be fulfilled to the dot. Just to the very turtle and jot, it must be f fulfilled. There is no if and a wonder. And could it be? He He was trying to do something else and this was a mistake. No, if God said so that's it. There's no debate. There is no opinions that are valid. There's nothing that could be contrary to his word that's agreeable with his word. Anything contrary even by one word he said listen that is how the the devil tries to deceive you. That is how the devil sneaks in. They they always say, "Listen, if the devil bring co cocaine for you, you might run." But you know what? Oh gosh. Weed is for medicinal purposes. Try with a little CBD oil and get results. Then just smoke a little weed or cigarettes and whatever it is, but is a gateway to bigger things. That's how deceitful he is. just you know what it not that bad ju just a little bit just a little thing it not that serious and then before you know it is a big thing that's the way he works but you know what if you stick to the word you can't go wrong because his word never fails his word shall never return void it will always accomplish what it's set forth to accomplish in the same scripture As we go on to verse 14, it says, "And the Pharisees also who were covetous heard all these things and they derided him." Now look, look, look at this. The Pharisees were or they represented the wellrespected men. They were educated men. They were talented guys. They had a history of dealing with the law. Amen. They had a history with the ability to teach folks handed down from generation to generation. They were qualified to do what they were doing. And we see in scripture it says the Pharisees also who were covetous. So that's a ne a negative attribute. How how respectable persons could have dark sides? Negative attributes. And and just to clarify in case you're not sure, to be covetous means to be envious, to be jealous, desirous, inquisitive, greedy. All those terms are synonymous with covetous, you want just above and beyond, more than you should even have. These were the wellrespected guys, you know. These were the men of the CL. This these were the guys that walk with their head held high because they are Pharisees. They had rank. They had style. They had class. And they are the ones that had all these negative attributes. And look what they did. They say they derided him. And I had to research that one. And it really meant a level of ridicule to make you feel small. They scoffed and disparaged and and they mocked him and scorned him to make you feel less than. You imagine that? You imagine these highutin high ranking people who will say they're from the status quo. They decide the laws of the land and enforce them and they want to make you feel small. So that's what they did at the time in verse 15. And he said unto them, because he could discern the spirit easily, he said, "Ye are they which justify yourselves before men." But God knows your heart. No, he knoweth your heart. For that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God. Can you remember when Samuel was instructed to anoint one of the sons of Jesse? He was going to anoint him to be king of Israel, future king, king in waiting, right? And I will read it quickly in 1st Samuel chapter 16. You don't have to find it. It says verse 7, "But the Lord said unto Samuel, look not on his countenance or on the height of his stature, because I have refused him." Amen. For the Lord seeth not as man seeth. For man look it at the outward appearance but the Lord look it on your heart. You see the facade that you like to present on the outside in the community in the neighborhood in the workplace in school on the job that you are Mr. and Miss and you are this and that. You see that image, that position, the title, the rank, the picture perfect smile, like nothing is ever wrong doesn't seem to match up with the inside man all the time. And nothing you could do could change that because just like the lie detector, it detecting something is wrong. This is not normal. Some people I often say if you go to H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H Hollywood you'll be rich. They're great actors just undiscovered. They act through life. They act through the workplace. They act through school. They act through everywhere. Now that's not what God looking for, you know, because he's seeing straight through you. Straight through. When God looks at the heart, that's the important thing to him. You see, it's awesome to wear a nice suit and tie. It's awesome to wear a long dress and you have a handbag and accessories and you're looking good, man. Have it together. But when he apply his X-ray machine, you know, when you go in the airport, they tell you stand there. They don't care who you are, you know. They don't care if you're old or you're young. They tell you put your feet here, put your hands up, and you're in the X-ray machine. They're not looking at the outside. They want to know if you have concealed things on the inside. Amen. If you have guns and drugs and weapons and things that are forbidden or prohibited. So when God apply his extra machine to your life, he don't care you here on a Sunday early or you don't miss a Wednesday or you wearing a long dress or a nice tie or you have a brand new suit. He don't care about that. He looking on the inside to see what's the condition of that heart. what the heart saying, what is resonating, what feedback are getting from from it. Are they hungering and thirsting after righteousness? Are they seeking first the kingdom? Are they pressing to get inside? That's what you're looking at here. As a matter of fact, the elements that you might believe define you as being impressive to others, as as men and women, you're very concerned of people's opinion of you and how they see you and how they they acknowledge you and relate to you. That sounds fine. But here what he say he said, listen, an abomination in the sight of God. I leave this alone. Amen. You see, then comes the scripture where I got my title. In verse 16, it said, "The law and the prophets were until John." Since that time, the kingdom of God is preached and every man pressed press it into it. So when I look at the word every, and I didn't define it, but it tells me that there are no exceptions. Okay. Every man, woman, old, young, male, female, born free. Despite your ethnic background, listen, whatever you think, where you grew up, what your grandparents tell you, every man is every man. [Applause] So that means I need to press. Yes, my wife need to press too. Yes. How about you? You think you need to press? Yes. How about your children? They're small. They need to press too. They're staying small, you know. The influences there. You know, the influences probably greater on them cuz they will say you set in your ways already, but they could catch them. So, they need to pursue. You see, God doesn't have grandchildren. That's right. And as such, there's no entitlement. So, you are the deacon. You are the deacon wife. So you don't need to press cuz your husband is a deacon. No, it don't have that in the kingdom. If he say every, that's it to know. Every say when Moses was leaving Egypt and they say listen, put the blood on the doorpost, eat a particular way, dress a particular way, be ready to move. You say, "Well, listen, I sang a special last week, you know, and I just came from Solomon's with a new suit, so I really don't want to put on this gong because I have a special rank." No, no, no, no, no. Exceptions. It didn't matter who you are, how long you're in church, how long you believe, how long you come to the message, who testify to you, how much tapes you listen to, or how much times you read the Bible cover to cover. At the end of the day, if the word is you need to press, that's the word, no debate, no opinion, no ideas will be discussed. That is the word. Amen. Hallelujah. No entitlement. You see, nobody owes you anything. It's by his grace that he saved you. He shed his blood for you to redeem you. And he continued to love you. He didn't have to, you know, but he continue to show you mercy despite the fact that you fail him. All right? I don't have to tell you that. You know for yourself. You fall. That is your business. You aware of it. I don't have to highlight it. You had your ups and downs, but he still choose to love you and tell you, "Come on, son. Come on, daughter. You could make it. You're more than able. You're more than an overcomer tonight. You're more than able to conquer and become victorious because you're my child and I invest in you. I believe in you. I have faith and confidence that the promises are put. You're going to pick them up like like David did. Five stones. F AI T. Knowing the battle is the Lord's. Knowing that you're going to get the victory. You see, at the end of the day, God is saying, "Listen here. What? I'm going to give you an opportunity. We're going to preach. We're going to sing. We're going to pray. But you see where my kingdom is concerned. You had to press to get inside. It's the only way. It had no shortcuts. It have no way around it. You know that song say the love of Jesus is so high you can't go over it. So you can't go under it. You can't go around it. It's a requirement like that. Depressing is mandatory. It's essential that you do it in order to get the outcome he have at the end. Imagine you want to pass the test and you don't want to do the test or you don't want to study for the test. How that working? The teacher supposed to look at you and say, "Well, you know what? I feel I should give you a A. Yes. I like your smile." No, it don't work. So they want to know. It reminds me of one time I I remember a scenario in the workplace where a medicalu student he failed an exam twice. He failed the same exam twice and he came asking for help to pass it. But the kind of help he wanted is he wants talk to the lecturer for me. Here the concern I have with that. We could talk to the lecture fair and they could give you a A and you could pass it. But what happening to the patients? Imagine a pilot doing the same thing. You don't want to do all the classes. Talk to the aviation association for me know give a pilot license. Let me go. You can't allow that. You can't facilitate that. It could be your friend. It could be a child. No exceptions. And if in in regular life we will operate that operate like that because of the risk factors involved. What about God? You think God want reckless sons and daughters out here? No. He want to test you. He want to try you. He want to make sure you're qualified and you're authorized to perform the transactions he want you perform. Can you imagine? God said, "Listen, I giving you the checkbook. I given you the ability to write the check for anything you want. But you don't have money management. What going to happen? You'll be like the prodigal son. You throwing parties. You're not investing. You not seeing about your father's business. No, you not even sure what to do. You writing checks because somebody say hello, you just write them a check. Somebody walk past in the road, you write them a check. No, God. God God operates so he operate with order. He operate with requirements. He said listen, he going to put tutors and governors to monitor you. It's not instant, you know. It's not a microwave kind of God we serve. You know, he want to pull some through through the fire, through the water. Listen, he want to give you trials on the left and the right. Some might go through sickness. Some might go through financial hardship. But you know what? All coming out. Because he say not one will be left behind. He not giving you up. He determined that he going to get a return on his investment. He determined that you're going to make it. And to make it, you have to press the musicians could get get ready as we we seek to to wind down a little bit. You know, I pray that God spoke to your heart and cause you to reconsider your ways. Examine your heart condition. You see the scripture is very clear on what is required. But you know what? Sometimes you know what is required. But you need sometimes circumstance to change. You to think Jonah know God called him to do a particular job. Yes. But sometimes you need the circumstance to shake you up a little bit to jolt you to to to shove you into into position. Amen. And when that happens you come out in a days. But you called to do this all the time. Listen, this battle we talk about, you called to be victorious. Now you called to overcome it. You you are called to achieve. You are called to do. You are called to perform. He said he wouldn't give you more than you could bear. So when he say press, he know you could press. He want you press tonight. He want you press tomorrow because the hour is late. We don't have time. Hallelujah. We don't have time to play around. He wants you to press. You see, in a message, modern events are made clear by prophecy. All right. Paragraph 299. He said, "This this may be our last meeting, you may never, you know, if I were back a year from today," he said, "If I live, there'd be many here now won't be here then. and I'll have to meet you at the judgment bar and answer for everything that I said tonight before God. While you're in your right mind, would you now do this much to God? If you know that, just look around, look at yourself in the looking glass of God, the Bible, no matter who you are and say, "I know I'm way short from being a daughter of God. Look the way I do. I'm way short from being a son of God. Look the way I do. But God, I don't want to be. I want to strive for that place. I want you to raise your hand to God just wherever you are across the building. Yes. I want to be a son of God. I want to be a daughter of God. I want to fulfill everything that my Lord has commanded. Now you God bless you. I guess 90% of the audience let's play ancient words. Now look here my friend. What if you would have lived in the days when you heard John preach? What if you would have lived in the days when Jesus was here? Whose side would you have took if you'd lived in Jesus? [Music] Remember, if you'd live back there, it would be just like it is now. The same Jesus is making himself known by his word. See, it might be unpopular. But let me tell you, I'm not trying to tell you to leave church or want you to go to church. Don't forget to assemble yourselves together. But what I'm trying to tell you is to press into the kingdom of God. If you'll just bow your heads right where you are. Oh heavenly father Lord in these few moments Lord sharing around your word Lord Lord just a reminder of the time and the hour in which we live. just a reminder in why we are called and what we are called to do tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that the message struck home, Lord. Lord, I pray that we could apply it to our lives. That we could look in the mirror and see if we are found wanting tonight, Lord, and press into your kingdom as you require of us, Lord. Lord, for us to grab a hold of faith tonight, to know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. That the same God that healed the blind eye and raised the dead is alive tonight. Is alive to deliver tonight. Is alive to restore tonight. Is alive to revive tonight. Lord, you you didn't gather us together in vain, Lord. We're not speaking idle words or fables, Lord. Lord, but we speaking words of life. We speaking words of love. We speaking words of truth. Words that you have written by your Holy Spirit, Lord. Lord, we pray tonight even as we wind down the service that you will be with us, Lord. Lord, that you would guide us and protect us, Lord. Lord, that you will show us, direct us, lead us, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. May we stand tonight. Let's just sing that word. Ancient words. Sing that [Applause] song. Oh, ancient words ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the ancient words impart. Holy word, long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound when God's own heart. Oh, let the ancient words impart. Words of life, words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us cope. Help us cope. In this world, wherever we roam, ancient words will guide us home. Ancient words will guide us home. Said, "Ancient words, ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the ancient word impart. Let's sing another verse. Holy words of our faith. Of our faith handed down to this age. To this age came to us through sacrifice. For heed the faithful words of Christ, words of holy words long preserve. Words long preserved for our walk in this world. In this world resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the ancient words impart. Sing anient words ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the ancient words with every hand raised. Let's just sing it one more time. Ancient words, ever true. Changing me and changing you. Changing. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the ancient words [Music] impart. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, lamb of God. Father, we praise you, Lord. We worship you tonight, Lord. Lord, we love you, Lord, when we need you. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You love him tonight. Amen. Let's sing that song through the same key. Traveling on the right road. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. There is one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. Oh, there is one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. Oh, there's one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. There is one way to the city of God. Traveling. Let's just bow our heads to pray for this evening's tyson offering. Oh, heavenly father, we pause to bring the tyson offering before you, Lord. We pray that you bless those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give tonight. Lord, may it be used for the furtherance of your gospel guide its use in Jesus' name. Amen. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. There is one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. There's one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Oh, we're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. One way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. One more time. We're traveling on the right road. We're traveling on the right road. There's one way to the city of God. Traveling on the right road. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing one more song. Lord, you're beautiful. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I seek. speak. And when your eyes are on their child, your grace abounds to me. Oh, sing it, Lord. You're beautiful. Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on their child, your grace abounds to me for the last time. Oh, sing it Lord. Your beautiful, your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Let's just bow our heads once more as we leave. Oh Lord, we pray that you grant us traveling mercies tonight, Lord, as we get ready to leave this place and go to our homes and wherever we would be tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that you continue to bless us, that you'll be with us, that your presence will dwell and go with us, Lord. Lord, that you'll protect us, cover us with your love, Lord. Lord, take us safely, Lord. Lord, we want to come back to praise and worship you, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be with us on the roads. Lord, we're so thankful that we were here tonight, that you allowed us the opportunity, Lord, to praise and worship and to fellowship around your word, Lord. Lord, we pray that that that those that may not have been able to make it tonight, Lord, that they may have connected or they may see the service afterwards, I pray it be a blessing to them, Lord. Lord, I pray that you'll continue to deal with lies and hearts, Lord, that that no one will leave this place the same way that they came in Jesus name. Amen. You may have your seats. Raise your mouth to me. Just for a couple announcements, this Friday, we'll have our Zoom prayer meeting at 8:00 p.m. Um, that's online on Zoom. And on Sunday, we will gather together at 10:00 a.m. at the sanctuary for our live Sunday morning service. Amen. So, Zoom prayer meeting at 8:00 p.m. on Friday and um 10:00 a.m. on Sunday at the sanctuary here. Amen. May God richly bless you. Ushers, grace abounds to me. Oh, singing Lord, you're [Music] beautiful. Your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on their child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, your [Music] beautiful. Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on their child, your grace amounts to me. [Music]
