################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Works, Experience, Action, Accompanies Faith - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Works, Experience, Action, Accompanies Faith - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8f5RHg2ZVs
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let's all stand. Sing hallelujah to the Lord. [Music] We will sing hallelujah to sing [Applause] hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelu to the Lord. Oh, we will sing hallelu to the Lord. Oh, lift your hands and sing. will sing hallelu to the Lord. Oh, sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Oh, sing hallelu to the Lord. Oh, lift your hands and give him praise right now in this place. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be your holy name. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, you will sing. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh. Sing [Applause] hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. blessing. [Music] Hallelujah. Lift your hands and worship him all over. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Oh, we thank you, Father. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your power. Oh, we thank you for your anointing. Release your spirit in here this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Release your power. Release your anointing upon the sons of God. Oh, hallelujah. Routt the enemy this morning. Break the chain this morning. May the fire of God bring deliverance and burn the demons out. May the fire of God run through here this morning. Make heaven high. Make hell hot. Make every pew on fire for you this morning. Light your people on fire, dear God. Pour out your spirit. May the angels run through here. Praise God. Hallelujah. And route the enemy to battle. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, against the forces of darkness. Let there be light this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Do you believe it this morning? Give the Lord a shout of praise. Say amen. Say hallelujah. Say hallelujah anyhow. Oh his mighty presence. Oh glory. Praise God. Do you love him this morning? Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Do you know his presence is here to meet your need? Do you know he's a king of kings this morning? Do you know he he he his presence is with him? Pray. And in his presence, everything is frozen and is wait awaits his command this morning. He's in charge of everything. All of your circumstances, all of your troubles. You just surrender it to him this morning. We believe in the atmosphere of faith. Miracles could happen right here this morning. The sick could be healed. Missing organs could be restored this morning. Right in the atmosphere of faith right here where angels are this morning. God can move mountains this morning if you just have faith in his word. What he said he promised he would do. God bless you once more and welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have your Bibles, you like to turn to Psalms chapter 89 for a scripture reading. Amen. Praise God. Psalms 89. Um Amen. Praise [Music] God. Yeah. Psalms chapter 89 from verse one it says uh and I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. With my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations. For I have said, mercy shall be built up forever. Thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens. I have made a covenant with my chosen, and I have sworn unto David, my servant. Thy seed will I establish forever, and build up thy throne to all generations, Silah. And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O Lord. Thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints. For who in the heaven can be compared unto the Lord? Who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the Lord? God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let us bow our heads. Let's lift our hands and pray in our own way as well this morning as we want to welcome the Lord this morning with our praises, with our worship, and with our expectation this morning. Right now in this presence, just begin to pray in your own way this morning. And begin to release your faith this morning and talk to him. Tell him what your desire is. If you need a Holy Ghost, tell him right now. If you need a healing, tell him right now. If you're praying for somebody else this morning, maybe a family member, your wife, your husband, your children, pray for them right now in this presence and we come together and pray and release our expectation for this service this morning. Let us pray together. Almighty God, we thank you this morning to be in your house. Lord, there's no other place we would rather be this morning that in your presence. Father, we thank you, Lord, that your grace has found us alive in your presence, Lord. You kept us alive, Lord, and we should not go down into the pit, Lord. We are grateful this morning for your hand of mercy that has been with us all this throughout this week, Lord, all throughout this last month, Lord. Father, we thank you for your grace and mercy. And Lord, we just pray now that your presence would come down in a mighty way upon each one here this morning that is gathered in your house, Lord. We we leave everything else be behind us, Lord, and we come into your presence to worship you and to praise you, to create an atmosphere, Lord, Father, Lord, to pull from you this morning, Lord, Lord, what we have need of today, Lord. And we know that you are able to provide our every need, Lord, according to your power. May you move in a mighty way. May you bless us as we sing and worship your name this morning and as we praise and give thanks unto you, Lord. May you your presence come down. May you begin to move upon us and Lord soften our hearts this morning and prepare our spirits Lord to hear your word oh God Father may anointing fall upon your servant this morning as he also prepares himself Lord mentally physically Lord to Lord to give Lord Father this morning we pray that you anoint his yielding this morning and may your presence come down in a special way Lord and help him father Lord to do the work this morning that you've called him to do to preach the uncertain able riches of Jesus Christ. Lord, may that word go forth with power this morning. May the spirit of God may go after the word, Lord, like fire. May you clothe your word, Lord, with power and anointing, Father, and pour into your people, Father. Minister into them strength, Lord, spiritual strength, Lord, Father, anointing, healing, presence, and power, dear God. and help us today, Father, as we wait upon your presence to do what only you can do. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we commit this service to into your hands. Amen. And amen. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. May you give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Why don't you turn around, greet your brother, greet your sister, greet someone next to you. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hold me close. Let your love surround me. Amen. Praise [Music] God. Oh, hold me close. Let your love surround me. We live to your side and as I wait I rise [Music] up and I will s with Your spirit leads me all in the power of your love. Hold me close. Oh, sing it home close. Let your love Let your love surround me. Oh, bring me narrow. Oh, bring me there. Oh, draw me to your side. Oh, and I wait. I'll rise up like the eagle and I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Oh close. Oh bra. Oh hold me close. Be close your love. Help me. Oh, bring me n me there. Draw me to your side. Oh, and I as I wait. Oh, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle. Oh, and I sore with you. Your spirit leads me home in the power of your love. Holy Ghost. Oh, Holy Ghost. Oh, lift your hand and say, close eyes. Tell him, "Let your love surround." Oh, just you and Jesus this morning. Just you and Jesus. Oh, and bring Hallelujah. Draw me to draw me to your side as I wait. Oh, highway. Oh, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle and I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. Oh, give him worship right now in this place. Lift your hands and worship him right now. Say, "Holy Close, Lord." Oh, Holy Ghost. Oh, Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Just worship him right now. Close your eyes and just praise him. Begin to thank him. Oh, hallelujah. Worship him right now. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall mount up with wings like eagles this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Spread your wings this morning. Spread your wings and praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. One more time. Holy Ghost. Oh, Holy Ghost. Let your love Let your love surround me. Bring me here. Oh, bring me there. Oh, draw me to your side. [Music] [Applause] Lord, as I wait, arise, highway, oh, I'll rise up like the and I will sore with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, did you come to praise him this morning? Did you come with your praises? Did you come with a two-edged sword in your hand, with the praise of God upon your lips? Oh, hallelujah. Give me a key for He's my rock, my sword, my shield. Praise God. We had to praise the name of the living God this morning. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He's He's my rock, my We can take it up here. He's my rock, my sword, my shield. He's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. And he's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Well, I don't care what nobody say. I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's my rock, my sword, my shield. Praise the Lord. Well, now he's my rock, my sword, my shield. He's the wind in the middle. Oh, and he's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. And I don't care what nobody say. I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's mine. [Music] Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, now cuz he's my rock, my soul, my shield. He's the wind in the middle. Oh, and he's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul and I don't care. Oh, I'm going to praise him every day. Oh, he my rock, my soul, my sh. Oh, he's rock. He's my rock, my soul. Oh, he's the wheel in the middle. Oh, and he's the fairest of 10,000 in my soul. I don't care. Oh, I want to praise him every day cuz he's my rock, my sword, my shield. Praise. Oh, one more time. Well, he's my Come on. We the Oh, he's the of 10,000. Oh, and I don't care. Oh, I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's my rock, my son. Hallelujah. Oh, he's your rock this morning. Oh, he's my rock, my soul. Oh, he's the wheel in the middle. Oh, he's the spirit of 10,000 to my soul. Oh, I don't care. Oh, I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's around my soul, my shield. Praise him. Oh, we are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh again something good is going to happen. Something good is in store together again. Oh just oh we are together again. We are together again. Oh just praising the Lord. Oh this morning we're together again. Oh my god. Oh, I know that something is going to Oh, something good. Together again. Oh, just Oh, one more time. We are together again. Oh, help me say just pray. Oh, just praising the Lord together. Oh, and I know that something good. Oh, something good is in store. We are together again. Oh, just praise him. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Lift your hands. Close your eyes. Oh, hallelujah. I'm here to praise him. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, something good. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Together again. Oh, just praise the Lord. Oh, we're singing fire fire falling. Oh, sing fire. Oh, fire falling. Oh, sing it as in the day. Oh, fire fall on me. Oh, sing it as in the day of Pentecost. Fire fall. Oh, singing fire. Whatever you say. Oh, fire fall. Oh, we want fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost, fire on me. Oh, sing it as in the day of Pentecost. Fire. Put on the music. Oh, singing fire. Fire fall. Oh, singing fire. Fire fall on me. Oh, S has in the day. Oh fire fall on me. Oh and as in the day of Pentecost. Oh fire fall one more time. Fire fire. Oh fire fall on [Music] me. Oh fire [Music] fall me. Oh go give a shout of praise one more time. Fire fire fall on me. Fall on me. Fire fall on me. Seal me. Hallelujah. with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. As in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, lift your hand and give him praise all over. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Give him glory. Just lift your hand right now and just worship him right now. Praise God. And just worship him right now. Just worship him. Just begin to thank him. Just begin to praise him. Just begin to give him glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how he loves you and [Music] me. Oh, how he loves you and [Laughter] [Music] me. He gave his life. What more can he do? But oh, how he loves. Oh, how he loves me. And know how he loves you and [Music] me. Lift your hands right where you are. to sing. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves Oh, and oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, he gave his life. What more can he do? I know how he loves you. And know how he loves me. And know how he loved you and me. Oh, one more time singing. Oh, how he loves you and me. Know how he loved. Oh, and know how he loved you and me. Yes, Lord. Oh, Lord. For he gave. What more? What more can he do to show how he loves you? Oh, and oh, how he loves me and oh how he loves you and me. Lift your hands right now and just worship him in this place. Give him a shout of praise. Oh, give him a shout of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How you love me, Lord. How you died for me, Lord Jesus. You gave your life that I could live. I'm living this morning. Not anything I did. I couldn't do nothing. But you did everything for me. You brought me out of darkness. You lifted my soul out of depression, out of frustration, oh out of negligence, oh out of everything, oh that the devil tried, oh you redeemed me, you redeemed my soul from destruction. You have kept me alive that I should not go down into the pits. You are my glory. You are the lifter up of my head this morning. Lift up your head this morning and give the Lord a shout of praise. Uh lift up your hand this morning and give the Lord a shout of praise. Uh open your mouth this morning and give the Lord a shout of praise. He deserves all the glory. He deserves all the honor. He deserves all the thanks. Give him thanks this morning. Oh for he gave his life. What more glory hallelujah can he do? Oh, but oh how he loves you and know how he loves me. Oh, and oh how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise him right now. Let's worship him right now. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. He's been good to you. The world turned you down, but he opened his arms and he let you in. When they shut you out, when they despised you, when they spit on you, when they cursed you, glorified are you. Oh, hallelujah. Exceeding glory. Oh honey, for in the midst of every trial, he have made a way of escape for them that love him. Oh, have faith in God. of [Applause] sing faith in God. Oh, this morning. Oh, have faith in God for the answer. I have faith in God. Oh, have faith in God. Help me sing. Oh, have faith in God. Oh, oh, faith in God. Oh, have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Oh this morning with every hand raise have faith. Oh hand. Oh fra God. Oh, thanking God. Oh, have her faith in God for the answer. Oh, have faith in God. Sing it one more time. A faith in God. You have the faith in God. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord God for heaven. Praise the Lord. Let's just worship the Lord right now. Father God, we praise you, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your spirit. We thank you for coming among us this morning. Father, may you minister to the sick, the afflicted, the needy, the bound. Lord, those that need a breakthrough, Father God, bring complete deliverance. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. H so glad to be here this morning. and this song, have faith in God, because that's what we're going to speak about this morning about faith. So, God bless you. And if you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to Exodus chapter 3, we want to read verse 1 to8. James chapter 2, we want to read verse 17 to 24. Exodus chapter 3, reading verse 1 to8. Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro, his father-in-law, the priest of Midian, and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and the same and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush. And he looked, and he, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt." And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Draw not nigh hither. Put off thy shoes from of thy feet. For the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." Moreover, he said, "I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob." And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. And the Lord said,"I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their task masters, and I know their sorrows. And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them out of the land, unto a good land, a large a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. Let's now turn to James chapter 2, reading from verse 17. And this verse 17 is just after James is talking about if a brother is naked or destitute. You don't just tell them depart in peace but you give them something to wear or give them something to eat. So then in verse 17 he said he said what does it profit and you know you're not helping the person. So he said verse 17 now even so faith if it had not works is dead being alone. Yet a man say thou has faith and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works. Thou believe that there is one God, thou doest well. The devils also believe and tremble. But but but willil will thou know, o vain man, that faith without works is dead. Was not Abraham our father, justified by works, when he offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seeing thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect, and the scripture was fulfilled, which see Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness, and he was called a friend of God. You see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only. Let's pray one more time. Father, we thank you for your word and I pray this be edifying and liberating to your people. May faith take a hold tonight in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Praise God. Bless you. May be seated. Oh, praise God. God bless you and welcome again. Okay. So today I'll be speaking a lot about faith cuz I feel that that is where we need some breakthrough in this thing called faith. Faith is God's currency. Not your feelings, not your cries, not your tears, not your emotions, but faith. So I have a title this evening, this morning. Works, experience, action accompanies faith. That's the title. Works, experience, action accompanies faith. And I have an inspiration, the obedience of faith. So faith have a lot of things connected with it. And that's my inspiration, the obedience of faith. And this obedience faith is where I get Romans 1:5. It says, "By whom we have received grace and apostilhip for obedience to the faith among all nations for his name." Uh, Romans 16:26 says, "But now is made manifest and by the scriptures of the prophets according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith." Amen. Praise God. So therefore, reading about music or listening to music doesn't make you a musician. Why you think about that? To be a musician, you actually have to take up the instrument. Whether it's a guitar, whether it's a piano, and you have to put effort in it and practice in it. And that that practice and effort is what going to make you develop into this and become a musician. Looking at cooking videos and reading up on recipes doesn't make you a cook. I'm getting somewhere. There are people could look at recipes, look at uh uh video how to cook, how to cook, but unless you cut up the onion and the garlic and whatever you need to chop and mix and taste and what unless you do that, cooking is just a theory. Cooking is what you see other people doing. And I'm getting somewhere to that because reading spoken with books Amen. Listening to tapes, that doesn't make you a Christian. Do you get where I'm going now? Amen. Praise God. So, there's an element that many times is missing in people's life. You know, men are to pray and not to faint, but you have to also pray and obey. Do you see where I'm going now tonight? You have to actually pray and obey. So praying and not acting is wasting prayer. It's wasting time. There has to have action with your faith. It take faith to come here this morning. The weather wasn't that good and you have to be heading out and seeing the rain and still want to come. You could turn back if you want to, but you choose to come. That's an act of faith. Now that you are here, you want to go deeper and further. You don't want to miss anything. You want to catch what God trying to reveal to you and show you. So therefore it have applying what you have learned applying what you have heard come like you talk about but forgiveness and dropping ought if you hear that that's a word and this is where I'm beginning to see how unbelief really is sin and people still have unbelief and we have to repent of unbelief because if God say forgive and you don't you you disbelieve if God said trust him then you you're not believing him because he want you to trust him and I was telling my wife coming up I said you know money is power and many times when people of money, they figure they don't need God because they feel powerful. It's an anointing that goes with it. They don't have to ask anybody for anything. They don't have to ask permission to buy anything. They just do whatever they want to do. They go wherever they want to go because they feel empowered. And that's where people feel they're empowered in different kind of areas until God begin to humble them and break them and strip them. And then they realize God is is in charge. Isn't that right? So therefore we learn from our mistakes and if we don't learn something is wrong. All right. Now brother but now speaking this there are two different types of Christianity seems strange I would say not two different types I would say two different phases would be a better word to use. Two phases the same Christianity but two phases of it. One of them is an intellectual or mental conception of what God has said in his word and of Jesus Christ by way of knowledge and the other is an experimental experience that God has given the man in his heart. So that is why somebody could walk in here back sitting for 100 years and God do something in their heart and it changes them. Amen. The the man out there was talking about uh the Pharisee inside the building was saying, "I'm not like that man out there. I do this. I do that and that." And that man said, "Have mercy upon me. I'm unworthy." And Jesus examining both cases said, "The man outside was more justified than the man on the inside." So God still looks at that heart. So the prophet saying, "This one is intellectually hungering. He's feasting on God. His feast doesn't hold out. The other one seem to have the victory all the time. There's nothing bothers them. They solid and anchored as they can be. No trials, no storms bothers them at all. They seem to have something about them that people who are Christians trying to live for God admire that type of Christian and often wonder Lord what is it that these people have that the others crave for and they seem to fail to get it. Now you truly have two different mental faculties. You have one of them in your head by your brain and the the other is operated in your heart which is called your soul. So you have two things working there. So let's say this morning you have a certain expectation. You have a certain thought of what you would like to hear or you don't want to hear. But you see you can't use your senses where God is concerned. You have to use faith not your feelings. Faith. You come here because you want a breakthrough. You come here because you want to touch. You come here because you need help. You come here because you need to be in strengthened or empowered. You didn't come here to kill time because you have no place to go this morning. You come here because you really need something that you don't have. Something that God alone can give. Not even the preacher. I can't give it to you, but God can. I can't reveal it to you, but God can. The Holy Ghost. So, you need revelation because revelation is faith. Do you believe that? So but says two different mental faculties. You have one in your head, brain, other operating in your heart which is called the soul, your spirit and your soul. Now they are very much in disagreement many times. When the head seem to say something, the soul wonders at it like it's not right. And when it come to the soul, the head seem to step back. And that is why sometimes you get a sense of I should do this. or a wife tell her husband you shouldn't go down the road today you know and then next minute he hear some big accident or something she senses something that's that's not head that is heart that's not head that is soul and sometime if you're washing the ways you're doing something and somebody tell you pray and sometime God put somebody upon your heart to pray for that person right there and then don't don't wait I'm going to pray next two hours I'm going to pray next week no no no do it then because an inspiration come upon you to do that and you do it then and your breakthrough is right there okay the Lord some praises. Let's continue. I notice many people coming to me saying, "I have all faith, brother." That that's their mouth saying that and intellectually they are right here, but their heart isn't there. Because if it was, they wouldn't be on the platform to be prayed for for help of faith. Do you get that now? So when somebody have all faith and they go on the prayer line, they know all faith there because they want to hear. So somebody come from the prayer line and he say your name is so and so. Wow. And you start to explode in your mind. You're sick with so and so and last week you did so and so and so. And when the world begins to discern their condition their faith keep getting higher and higher because they know a man can't do that. Something inside of register that had to be God. And with that their faith explode and they walk out healed. But somebody with faith sitting on the congregation they don't need to come up here on the platform. They could take it and believe it and say God said so. God can't lie. God cannot make a promise that he can't keep. Man does lie, family does lie, boss does lie, teachers does lie, but God can't lie. And if God promis you a breakthrough, you're going to get that breakthrough. I don't care if you're in prison, I don't care what condition you're in this morning, you're going to get a breakthrough because God promised it. Oh, give the Lord a praise. Hallelujah. And one thing I love about God, he doesn't have to ask anybody permission to bless you, to help you, to deliver you, to free you, to heal you. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He doesn't have to ask your brother, your sister, your mother, your neighbor that who don't like you, your boss who want to fire you. It doesn't matter. Oh, give the Lord some praises. He is God and he change not. That's why I love him so. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. He will make your enemy crack up. He will make your enemy pack up. He will make the enemy run before you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love what God tell Moses. He said, "I come down. I heard the cries of my people. The people are hearing me yet. I heard the cries of my people. They see them yet. But he tell Moses the whole package. I come down to deliver them to take them from where they are onto a big land. And he tell them what's inside that land. The Hittites are there. The Jebusites are there. The parasites are there. But we're going to drive them out. We're going to some praise this morning. That's what we here for in church this morning. To drive them out. You don't have to say sick. You don't have to stay b. We're going to get free this morning. Oh, it's our land. It's your land. God give you this land. No man could take it from you. [Music] Even the anointing that comes and your field that come to help your faith. That is not the faith you know that come to help your faith. When become mature in faith, it doesn't depend upon whether you feel anointed or not. Amen. The faith becomes part of who you are. Jesus didn't say, "Take a deep breath before I pray for the person." Jesus wasn't doing that. He says, "Pick up your bed and walk." Spoke. And the person pick up the bed and walk. He wasn't connected to feelings and emotion. When they get the report, uh, my Lord, my daughter's sick. Come and pray for her. Then somebody come and say, she's dead. And then Jesus said, I go wake her. He's talking from a revelation of faith. Isn't that right? And he walk and he raised her from the dead. Oh, give the Lord some praises. When your eyes see somebody dead, faith see them raised from the dead. When your eyes see somebody blind, faith see the blind see. The eyes see somebody deaf. Faith sees the hearing. The eyes see somebody dumb. Faith see the speaking. Your eyes see somebody passing. Faith see them restored. your hand and see them. Amen. Cold and former faith. See them revive. Oh, we come by faith this morning. We preach by faith this morning. We stand by faith this morning. Faith have to have something going with it. Faith is not a dead thing. Faith is a substance. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Faith is not imagination. Faith is a substance. And brother came to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. Back to the substance that the father had. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Faith is not talk. Faith is when you walk in the talk. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Let's go again. Reading about music or listening to music doesn't make someone a musician. You have hunters here. You could listen to tape on hunting, read book on hunting. What if you never went in the bush? Praise God. What are you doing? Hallelujah. Amen. Somebody come say, I'm a hunter. You know, I read 50 I listened to 50 videos in hunting. I borrow 10 books from the library and read all about hunting. How to hold a gun. You ever shoot a gun yet? I never have. So I could I could talk from what I've learned or what I've read. That's something called a recoil. When you shoot it, push back your shoulders. If you don't know about that and you come here, you think they don't know movie all kind of thing. The book telling about the mosquitoes and the snakes and the this and that is when you go in the bush have bush men here. They know I'm talking about I am not a hunter. I not going to no bush. Hallelujah. I believe that for the real hunters. I hunt in something else. I am a hunter but not that that kind of hunting. Reading about cooking, looking at videos of how to cook doesn't make one a cook. Reading about fishing, how to cast the line and you see people rolling back and the fish coming. Until you go by the sea and throw out your line and wait for hours and catch nothing and then try again and see how to do it, you ain't know nothing about fishing. Amen. That's why we come to close to with this part. Reading and listening to messages doesn't make someone a Christian or you put them in the bride. And this is what brother Abraham says here. Now watch. If the life of Jesus Christ ever puts out another body of believers, it will bear the fruit that the first one did. They will write a book of acts behind it. Notice what kind of book. Not a book of talk, a book of acts. It's called the acts of the apostle. It's something living. It's something moving. It's something active. Praise God. I told you last service, the devil is not passive. The devil are waiting, hoping. Hey, how you going? The devil is active, pursuing to destroy you. And you sit here normal, normal, normal, normal. Going to work, normal, going to home, normal. Not praying, normal. Not reading the Bible, normal. But the devil is actively planning to destroy your life. Oh the Lord, he's like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour who he can devour to rip you of your faith. Because once your faith go everything fall down your experience come down. Once you lose faith that is it that's why Jesus told Peter I have prayed for you what he praying for that your faith fail not. He was praying for Peter faith problems going to come challenges going to come. We can't tell you how they going to come, but they coming anyhow. But you have to have faith when the trials come, when the testing come, when the tribulation come. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Praises. Praises. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout. America could talk all they want to talk. America never see bombs fall all over their places and their countries, all over the cities. They never see that before. The bombs is always in Iraq or Iran or some other places. outside of America. But there war coming, there bombs coming. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Storm is coming. You see, right now have a weather man. He say the weather and the storm and the wind and the dust and whatnot. You have to watch and hear what the weather man is saying because things are happening. And they are saying you get to prepare. The season change. You have to get your umbrella. You can't just walk by faith. And you're walking by faith. You will get wet. And that is not by faith. Give the Lord some praises. You have to get an umbrella. You don't have one, buy one. Praise God. You ain't stopping no rain right now. The season has changed. All the sunshine has rolled back. It's raining time. We need a rain. The Holy Ghost rain. The dynamic rain. The season has changed. Oh, give the Lord a shout. There's going to be a dynamic revival in this land. Oh, glory to God. When the season change, no devil could stop it. When your hour of blessing come, no devil could stop it. Nobody could take away what God ordained for you. Give the Lord a shout glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. Joseph as a young man, Joseph at a young man 17, 16, having visions and so on, sharing it with his older brothers, they get upset with him. Instead of jealous, a little quote, he make a nice coat for him of seven colors, rainbow colors, a multiolor coat. And what the brothers do? sell them out to another country all together, another tongue, another language, sell their own brother out. Little did they know they was pushing him into his destiny. So when people push you out and they reject you, they don't even know for such a time as this, God raised you up. Oh God, hallelujah. Hallelujah. All your life has been a journey to get you to this spot that you could see where you come from, where you're going, and the devil's a liar this morning. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, now something get excited. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. The life of Jesus. Not what he said. the life of Jesus put forth another branch another church what they going to do have more churches no they will write another book of acts what was the book of act silver and gold have I none such as have I given unto you people can't come in church b and leave bong but what kind of thing is that you have to come here bong and leave your whole praise God it had lepers crying have mercy upon me son of David hallelujah to be a leper in them times there no healing for leprosy they put some big old pan on Tie down good with pan. Hallelujah. When you come turn come run because there's a contagious disease. God bless you, Mr. Leper. In the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Nobody doing that. Even when them men come and ask me say go and show yourself to the priest. That's enough. Don't come closer. Go and show yourself to the priest. And they were healed when they come in obedience to what was spoken to them. So your your faith what you call faith have to come into obedience. When we see you obeying the word then we know your faith is becoming active. When you only hearing the word you become a hearer and not a doer. Oh glory to God. You have to get obedience of faith. Obedience to the faith. And and God know what you have to obey because everybody have a customized trials. It's not one fit all. You know, God know what to how to get to you. God know how to stir you up. God know how to crack you. Glory to God. Hallelujah. God know your weakness. God know your fears. God know your challenges. And God going to challenge you with your challenges. Oh, give the Lord some praises. He going to press you. He going to stir you. We not here to Hallelujah. Some point in time, y'all get fed up of you. Not your wife and you. Not your husband. You. The easiest thing is to get somebody to blame. And when you get somebody to blame, you make an excuse. It's she not me. It's he, not me. It's them, not me, it's the boss, it's the neighbor. But when you recognize the excuse carry no validity, it doesn't make any sense. Is you giving problems? As a brother tell me all them kings Darius Xerxes all them helping for the kingdom of God and helping build wall and helping do this and that is the people of God getting in trouble. All them old Ben king send them money sending to support the wall building they tell Nehemiah whatever you want you want wood you want discs go go and build. And the people of God will get in trouble. Hallelujah. The people who go out trying to deceive and tell people stop and hinder them from making progress. Blind leaders of the blind. Here we go. God alone hold the key. No theologian can tell you. It is not known. It is hid from them. They do nothing about it. So the schools when you say I've got a PhD LLD to me I believe to God and to any real believer that means you are just much further away from God. Here we go. Are you ready? God is not known by education. Hallelujah. He is not known by how to explain it. Will that cancel all the mysterious four five hour sermon pastors and ministers and prophets and apostles who unfold in the word for 5 hours to explain it because you want you to see it. You can't see it until God open your eyes. You can't see it until you get in the spirit. That's why I'm saying to you over and over, you'll hear me over and sing it like a piper. This is not a kingdom hall. This is not a Jehovah Witness group. You come here to get in the spirit because it take the Holy Ghost to give you revelation. I could speak and speak and speak. You ain't getting all you is information. But when the spirit comes, you get revelation. It make you stand up. It make you shout. It make you dance. It make you want to spin around. It make you say hallelujah. It make you say amen. When you're all when you're not in the spirit, you shake a head and hand goes to one thing. That in your spirit that you just tolerating, you're going through the motion. But when you're really in the spirit, [Applause] [Music] let's say you're you're short of cash. You're already struggling and somebody come and drop $1,000 on your own thing. What you going to do? I don't think it happen. You're bone dry like how Peter was. Silver and gold have I none. Bone dry. And somebody come and bless you. Hey, bye. Here man. Go and send me cousin g some trouble and talk about a punch about punch boy. This guy give me some problems and always fixing fixing fixing. He said why do I get old car? I said what is that? I don't know what that look like. You know the next day brother Angel called me and said we are proud of yourself not not two days after you know the next day this how God has work I'm clueless and that is what I'm driving right now like all that is inspiration you know I don't have to question things you know I just let the things flow because God have to work and if we see God working let God open the door let God work don't try to figure out anything praise God I'm not trying to figure out this service I come to pump some word inside of you that when you get faith inside of here, you'll be running to your house and run them devils out. Praise God. You will take an unbelief out your life. You'll be repenting and say, "God, forgive me for all the unbelief in my system. I claim my healing. I claim my deliverance. I claim my revival. I claim signs and wonders and miracles. Lord, I am a believer. You said you shall lay hands upon the sick and you shall recover." I am laying hands on myself. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. My God. How much things we witness and me and I and we know it's God. It couldn't work out anywhere else. Praise God. Even this place is all supernatural. How we get here? People walk in here now and they see a complete place, but they don't know the vision that brought us to here and how this came to be. So when we know it's God is no man inside of that, man can't eject himself inside of there. When when when Peter said thou the Christ the son of the living God, Jesus said flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto you. But my father in heaven and I will tell you something. When you get a revelation, you become fearless. When a revelation strike your soul, there is no fear. You fear no man, no bishop, no message pope, no interpretation. You fear no man whatsoever. Glory. When they send for Nehemiah, Nemiah say I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down now. Don't call me down. I almost reach the top. I almost reach the cap. I almost to pull down charity, the prize absolute. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I almost step into [Applause] loving me down now. I can't come down now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "I'm feeling to party." Not now. Not now. You go and party by yourself. Not now. Hallelujah. A feeling to reinkrink and rejoice. Not now. No, I ain't called for that right now. I call to be separated. Moses. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Moses. We going to read it. Moses only hear from his mother. You are to be deliverer. You're born a special child. When they was killing everybody, I put you on the on the river and the alligators couldn't eat you. You were alligator proof, snake proof, mosquito proof. Oh glory, you're fully covered. It was under the blood. And then Pharaoh take care of you. Oh glory, you're a special child. You have a special anointing upon you. You are raised up for a purpose. I want to tell you, you are secret. Amen. You're like a secret agent. The mother pumping telling Moses all who he is. And when she finishing Moses, so Moses feeling inspired, ready to fight. And when he come to think, he kill a man. And Moses run. When I say run, run right out of Egypt. Because all he had was intellectual faith. Imm tell him the pastor tell him some elder tell him. He listen on a book. He hears on a tape but no reality. He never met the pillar of fire yet. Oh, but one day after 40 years, Moses relaxing. Oh, glory to God. You see a fire burning, burning, burning. He don't know what caused that fire. He don't know what stopped that fire. All you know the the bush wasn't being burnt. And he said, "I will turn aside to see." And the Bible said when Moses turned aside to see, and I hope you here this morning, you turn aside to see, turn from your stinking flesh, turn from your unbelief, turn from your past, turn from your sin, turn from your failures, turn from your fears to see God be waiting to give you an [Applause] experience. Glory to God. Give the Lord some praises. Praise God. Your head too heavy. You know too much. Too much ahead stuff. Hallelujah. What happened to Moses? When that pill of fire when he get counter with God, God said take off your shoes first. You know where I buy thy shoes. My son G was telling me about somebody wear shoes with some with some like diamond studs around the he never se shoes like that like like like diamonds around the bottom of the man heels with class stuff. Moses said but God you know where I get them shoes. You know how much I pay for them shoes man. God have to show who's the boss. God said the ground you standing on is not your own. talk that shoe talk when you're down in your in your tent. But on this ground, this is my ground. This is holy ground. And when you're on holy ground, get the right haircut. Get the right dress. Get the right wear. Get the right attitude. Come on, give the Lord a praise because you're not on your own ground. You're on my ground. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Take off your shoes. Take off your shoes. Oh, give the Lord a shout to the house. [Music] [Applause] Oh glory. These people know the history. Yes. They know the lineage. Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. So God have to tell them about what they know. He said, "I am the God of Abraham. I am the God of Isaac. I'm the God of Jacob." He said that whole line is come down there. I am the original God, the same God. And I come down to deliver and I am sending you. A man that run away 40 years of relaxing time. He taking chill. He cooling us out. With wife and family, private business. He in a little bubble along in Egypt in in in um in um in in in thing. Hallelujah. When God finished with him, he come down to his wife. He's had a backup. Did buy furniture yesterday? Fresh furniture from courts or whatever. She said, "Where we going?" Is it to Egypt? Egypt. What for? To take over. Anybody looking at a mad man? One man just heard from God. One man just encountered the pillar of fire. One man. The fire met the faith. [Applause] Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This is the first time Moses faith met the fire. And when that come together, a change man, a change ministry, a change anointing, a change witness. Oh God, he come down fearless. I can see Moses coming out to Egypt and somebody said, Moses, remember 20 years ago, you kill a man. Now if Moses was in the flesh, his faith weak, his faith dropped. Oh God, that's true. You know, good. They go, they go hold me. They have a one for my rest. Moses not in that mindset. He's out of the humanistic realm. He's in the realm of divine revelation. He's the realm of vision. He's the realm of the anointing and commission. This man is now anointed. This man always commissioned to bring them people out. And when God is with you, no devil could stop that. He went down straight to Pharaoh, straight down to Egypt. He said, "God, tell me um if it's okay, you could let them go." Not that kind of dog, you know. He come and said, "Thus say the Lord, let my people go. Let my people go. I bring the word, Pharaoh. But it was just talk." He gave Pharaoh some book and some tape and say, "Hold that Pharaoh." Say, "Let the people go." But he had come with talk only. He said, "If by this shall you know," and he chopped down his rod on the ground and his rod to a snake. Oh, God was baiting Pharaoh. God was baiting them bush doctors. God was baiting them. They said that is what you bringing. Stick turn to snake. Jonathan, please come forward. And fellas high. We will sit down here. And they come with two sticks and throw it down and they turn into snake. Now, if Moses didn't know he had, he run straight out, you know, said, "God, is this But Moses just stood right there and watched his snake eat up the other two snakes. Pick back up the rod. That is only wrong number one." That is to pull out that we on a supernatural battle here. Now, this is not word only. There's not quote versus quote. This is power and demonstration. That is where we going right now. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The devil that bind you, you will not bind him. The devil that rule you, you're going to rule him. The sin that conquered you, you will not conquer yet. Oh, give the Lord a shout. How many feel that this morning? How many feel that? Let your faith reach out to what we are preaching this morning. We are preaching to you the word of God. The devil's a liar. Don't even trust your feelings right now. Believe what God said. God can't lie. He's big enough to keep you. He's big enough to preserve you. If he could give Moses as a baby among alligators and stuff, he could keep you. Oh, glory. Give the Lord a shout. Whether you have a husband or not, whether a wife or not, whether a girlfriend or not, he could keep [Applause] you. The Lord that keepeth thee shall not slumber. Oh, glory. The Lord that keepeth the shall not sleep. He shall preserve your soul. Oh, give the Lord a shout. What do I have to fear? What do I have to dread? I'm leaning on the everlasting hand. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Leaning. Leaning. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] [Music] So, brother, you don't know. I want to explain it to you. God is not known by how to explain it. God is known by simplicity and of revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person. You don't even have to have an education to get revelation because revelation bypass your mind and drops into your heart. Only few people say amen on that. You should rejoice. I ain't saying they get degree or university or get Cxc. I'm telling you you don't. God has bypassed the intellect. The intellect is where you have doctorate and your CEO and you're a teacher or a doctor or a lawyer or a prime minister and all them post have your engineer and what that's here. You study a book and become engineer and you got big money. Hallelujah. You understand that that doesn't hear you know engineer have to repent you know doctors have to repent you know lawyers have to repent you know all them going to hell if they don't repent you know you understand that but a simple sister have no degree no education and God put something inside a soul that is a save soul you know when you get over yonder we going to sing and shout and dance about when we get over yonder you know glory to God our life not permanent here we let Abraham We are seeking a city whose maker and builder is God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. God has known my simplicity and of revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person. You see if God make a aision provision for that then you have to have education to understand this thing. When Isaiah say a virgin shall conceive if God had passed that through his intellect he must stop in the middle a virgin how to correct do I correct that Lord because a virgin can't conceive but Isaiah bypass his intellect spoke it a virgin shall conceive because God don't need no help to bring Messiah he just need a body he go organize the egg and the sperm but he just need a house to put it in. That house was Mary. She had to be a virgin. Hallelujah. The blood was God's blood. When Jesus died, it was God's blood. Oh, glory to God. Because the word became flesh. The word with flesh on it. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Isn't that something tonight? And he died to make a way for you and I. He had died for us to suffer. He died to make a provision that we come out of our sin. Come out of our unbelief. Come out of all of that. He died to make a way for us. Has he made a way? He has made a way. Not going to. He has made a way. Come on. Come on. On on that way. Get on that way. Get on this Holy Ghost train. Get on this Holy Ghost ride. Get in this Holy Ghost [Applause] [Music] bunch. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Your praises right now is an expression of the faith you have in believing what you're hearing. You know, because the Bible said Abraham, old man. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can't have no children. His wife is dead barren. And the Bible said he staggered not and the promise of God. True unbelief. True unbelief. Unbelief make you stagger. Unbelief you can step back and believe hinders you. And belief paralyzes you but faith give you freedom to speak, to live, to praise, to stand, to overcome. Faith is the victory that overcomes the world. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Jesus. I remember one of my sons given some issues, some challenges, terrible challenges, real challenges. And he came to my office and I remember I almost said the wrong thing was just close to my lips. I watched him and I pointed him. I said, "You shall be delivered." Amen. I choose to speak that to the condition that I was seeing. Could you do that? Could you watch conditions around you and speak the right word and I live to see him to get delivered. That is how you walk in faith. The Bible said we walk not by sight but by faith. When you use your eyes, you are limited. When you use your eyes, you make excuses because using your eyes, you see every nobody claiming. Oh my goodness. I was I used to go to the ATM to get some money. I do some work. So I want to get some money. One bank long line and outside forget go another bank. bank have three it machines one line two line and a sideline there and I seen the machine there nobody in there so I asked a lady is that machine working she say I don't know nobody using it I went straight put in get the money walk back out now the thing about it time was of essence I couldn't have that length of time to stand up and wait. And God made a way. The people say nobody using it, but I commit to use it because I have faith to use it. You see that? There's a set up here now for me to go get and get out. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Give the Lord some praises. That's the God we talking about. He just make a way where there's no way. Hallelujah. The reason I run from that back because the line was too long. I need to get a get get and move. It was waiting there for me. What if I say oh God the line the line the line but this time I see line you know but I still go by faith the line is stopping me. I see by faith there's a different I see a faith and that empty there that waiting for me and I am telling you if Abraham didn't take Isaac and go up on the mountain and begin to come down with that knife to kill him he never saw that ram in the ticket. You have to go up the mountain to see the ram. Come on. Preach back to me. Preach back to me. You're not seeing a ram in the valley. I want to hear you. Give me a shout in the house. You have to go up the mountain up Mount Mariah. [Applause] That is where Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Abraham t Isaac down. Isaac was no fool, you know. Isaac was a modern child, you know. He said, "Daddy, I see the wood. I see the I see no sacrifice, you know. So the boy start to antenna start to grow up and but but watch what the father say. God will provide for himself a sacrifice. He tie his son down. Yes. What if it was the modern kind of sons we have now? Hey, don't touch me. Don't touch me. That daddy don't touch me. If you touch me, daddy cannot. But this son was under obedience. He submitted himself. Abraham had faith because he know his body was dead. And if God could bring a son out of a dead man, God could raise back that dead. His his testimony is this. If this boy die, he could live because I was dead to begin with. And God brought something out of deadness. And you could be dead in here today. But God can bring something out of you. Don't just look at me. Amen. Like if I'm talking off the top of my head. Give the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] [Applause] When Abraham come down with his knife, the angel had to call him twice. But hold your hand. Hold your hand. This man walking in obedience of faith. Hallelujah. And next man offer up your son and when you see the mountain say keep on moving keep on moving keep on maybe this I had to pray about this again you know you in your flesh God say offer by Isaac and many times we have stuff in our lives we don't want to offer up so quiet to get you like Abraham and Isaac right you like how you offer up Isaac let me talk about you now [Music] Isaac is his only son you know you know he have 10 sons and he going to offer one you know it's his only son you know he God saying kill your testimony kill the witness kill that sometime God make you offer what is dear to you and when the angel says stop it stop it hold your hand when he look the ram was tied up Abraham going to lasso to catch ramen lamb tied up already, you know, just to take him and offer him up. And then God said, "Now I know you fear me. In blessing, I will bless thee. In multiplying, I will multiply thee and thy seed like this morning shall possess the gates of the enemy." God has said that the enemy will possess us. God say we will possess them. Thy seed shall possess what? What? Possess what? the case of sickness, cancer, leukemia, disease, eye problem, head problem, female problem, whatever problem, we're going to possess the case of the enemy. The sick is going to be healed. The blind is going to see. The deaf don't get fed up here in the dumb is going to speak. The is going to walk. There will be miracles. There will be signs. There will be wonders. Glory. Glory to God. Hallelujah. May God do a miracle inside of here and turn your water into the wine of revelation. Oh, glory to God. You leave here stimulated with the revelation of the new wine. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When the Holy Ghost fell in the upper room and they start to act drunk, they say too early for Peter to be boozing like that and Peter to tell them these people didn't go into the rum shop. It not be that we had booze up there in the upper room. He said we are not drunk as you suppose but this is that the prophet Joel spake of this is the wine of revelation. It brings stimulation. We can't help it. Oh God is the stimulation of revelation. My God is better than coke. This better than marijuana. This better than ganja. Any drink you could take. This better than that. This is the new wine of God. This is stimulate in the inside. This joy I have, the devil didn't give it and the devil can't take it away. Oh, give the Lord a shout. This will put a dance in your feet. Shout in your heart. Hallelujah. In your soul because of what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. See what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Don't worry. Your family will see it. Your friends will see it. Your enemies will see it. David said he prepares a table for me in the presence of my enemies. My cup over. Go play nice guy. You are enemies. The devil hate you, but God love you. Oh, give the Lord some praises tonight. Did you hear that? Hallelujah. The devil hates you, but God loves you. Press on in God. Come into obedience of his word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Let's go. Hallelujah. Woo. Faith in God is a staggering thing to many people. And yet, we ought to be ashamed of ourselves to confess that we don't have faith in God. All right. First time your doctor say something and you give up and you're frightened and fear fear will push back push push away your healing. Faith could help you. Fear have nothing. Fear can't help at all. If you have an exam in the morning, fear can help you. If you have an interview for a job in the morning, fear cannot help you. But faith can. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Somebody somebody going to um work and they trusting somebody and maybe get somebody a bad drive and they going for an interview and when they going in the office interview the same person same person your bad drive same person in the street and you had to sit down and the person watching you and you watching that person you know you're goose cook you know you're not getting that Hallelujah. That why you had to be nice. Make let the words come out your mouth nice cuz sometime sometime you Yeah. Yeah. You might eat it back. Here we go. We ought to be ashamed ourselves to confess we don't have faith in God. There's cowards who die 10,000 deaths while they are here on earth and hero never dies. His memory lingers on for his great heroic deeds. And usually people who have faith are people who have experience. Experience brings faith. Hallelujah. Praise God. Jesus gives you an experience. Being around where he's at, watching his work, then that gives you faith. So it come like brother Brandham after he preaches and he called the prayer line people watching on now and a woman she came up on the platform in a wheelchair or with crutches rather and when she came up to brother Brandham her faith was so high that she hand him the crutches and walk off the platform no prayer necessary hallelujah no prayer necessary that's the faith we're talking about because she's seeing she is hearing she know is God is somebody to lift you out of your flesh, out of your stinking self, out of your humanistic realm, over your rotten mind to raise you above. That is what God did to Moses. Pillar of fire come down to bless Moses and deliver Moses out of his senses. He said 5 minutes in the presence of the pillar of fire, Moses knew more about God than 40 years in Egypt. All the education he had, all the books and tapes he listened to cancelled with five minutes in the prison of pillar fire. All what you can't overcome. All that giving you a fight. Let that pillar of fire come in here this morning and all that fight over. All that pressure over. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Young man, you need to encounter God. You need a God encounter. You need to meet that pillar of fire. The same one that makes his neck. Not another one. The same one. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. [Applause] [Music] When you have an experience, it gives faith. Faith goes by your experience. You say my subject is have faith in God. Watch. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word or the word of God. Amen. Now faith is also an experience. Oh, you see how part people only talk faith come hearing hearing the word and preaching the word. But let's go deeper. And many times faith is had by a former experience make faith grow. So David yes could say the bear the lion his faith is growing from bear to lion. And because I had faith for lion, faith for bear, this golad, he going to be like one of them. Now, if you never had beer and and lion and you see Goliath, you know what going on. You turn your back and you run in the opposite direction because it's a giant dealing with. Hallelujah. I know the normal spirit is a giant you're dealing with. But David had experience. Hallelujah. The brothers didn't know that. Saul didn't know that. The army didn't know that. He said, "You shall be like the lion and the bear because God delivered the lion into my hands." God delivered the bear into my hands. God will deliver you into my hands. And without a sword, that's what faith does. He said, "I'll cut your head off. There's a little boy with a sling telling a giant with spear and shield. I am going to cut your head off." And the boy don't even have a knife. Give the Lord some praises. That is what faith does. Faith prophesies. Faith speaks. Faith is bold. Faith challenges. Faith don't just sit back and relax. Faith does move. Faith does act. Give the Lord a shout. Faith is not static. Faith is dynamic. Give the Lord a sh. And David ran to the Goliath. He didn't walk scary and frightened and his foot shaken. He ran to meet Goliath. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Watch this. Golth, he had been respected for a very long time. He big and bad. He's big and bold. He said, "Am I a dog? You have no respect. Young man, I'll feed the birds." And that's what the devil trying to tell some of you inside of here that you are bird feed. You ain't no bird feeder. He said, "I'll cut your head off." Hallelujah. Young man, you are an embarrassment. You see how big I am. You see how bad I am. You see how bold I am. That man might be cancer. That man might be a tumor. That Goliath might be some kind of sickness in your body, in your home, in your marriage, in your life. Come on, give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory. [Music] [Applause] Before David make that move, his brother said to ask him, "What about the sheep back home in front of everybody?" Yeah. Not come say that shame him that embarrass him. If David take that shame, he couldn't do the faith. have the faith in him because all the obstacles and hindrances and if you haven't heard that message go back and listen to hindrances on Wednesday night all the hindrances is to affect your faith is to out your light you understand that the Bible says you don't take a light and put it on the bushell you don't take a light and hide it know the purpose of light you put the light in a place where to give light to others so God want to light you up and then hide you so why you trying to be hiding in your flesh you in your stinking rotten flesh God want to put you on Stop others see they want to be like you. They want to walk like you. They want to talk like you. They want to live like you. God want you to be a light. What did he say? Let man see your good works. Oh, give the Lord some shame. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. When they see your good works, they could glorify your father in heaven. Not your good talk, not your long fellowship, not your explanation. No, no, no. Not that. Where is the works that accompanies faith? Because works is faith expressed. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. Works is faith expressed. Works is faith expressed. How could you express your faith tonight? Right where you sitting as you praise God. Your praises is an expression of faith that you thanking God in advance for what he's about to do. Healing is coming to your body. Healing is coming to your spirit. Healing is coming to your soul. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Healing coming to [Applause] you. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. May be seated. One of the disciples. Jesus tell disciples go and tell a man you have a donkey nobody sit on go and tell him the master have need of that my god that's just faith that's talk you can't expect go and you know the man is a hard man all you asking for Jesus say go and tell him the master need that you know what that means god already put it in the heart of that man to release that donkey that man don't even know why he releasing donkey. But the king coming on that donkey and he released that donkey and Jesus sat on that donkey. They sat up on palm branches and say, "Hosana, hosana, hosana, hosana." Blessed he come in. The scribe and Pharisees get affected. They say too much of shout in that church. Too much of praises, too much of noise. They say keep them quiet. And Jesus said if they keep quiet, the rocks going to cry out. Oh dear. The Lord I shout in the house. I feel inspired this morning. He said, "If they keep quiet, the rock's going to cry out." Glory to God. I will not let no rock out praise me. I will not let no rock out shout me. Oh, give him glory, you people. Oh, God. God is not dead. He's alive. Hallelujah. He is still a deliverer. He is still [Applause] Woo! Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Brother Steph. Hallelujah. One of these days I'm going to preach a message on heavyweight championship. You know they announced the record 40 record 6 foot 220 lbs and so and this and that. They call the record two people going and fight. We going to have that one day now. 40 record. Open Red Sea. Make a way in the wilderness. Raise the dead. Heal the sick. Come through seven church ages. Overcome with the lion anointing. Overcome with the ox anointing. Overcome with the eagle anointing. Overcome with the man anointing. Released of anointing on the earth. And now this of Jesus Christ has been here for 50 plus years. Still standing, still overcoming, still prophesying. According to Revelation 10-11. Oh, still prophesying. According to version 10:11, we are still here prophesying, prophesying because we went to the angel and we took the book. We had an experience. Therefore, we are faith this morning to preach what we preach and to say what we say because we met that angel. And that angel give us the authority. And now we are anointed. Now we are commissioned to bring a revival. Oh, give the Lord a shout to start a revival. He said what we see should make a church that going to make a revival. A revival is on its way. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. So, experience is what makes faith grow. So, you have We're going to get into it. Hallelujah. As I said, this is the Lord's day. We have two services. You ain't going nowhere. Somebody buckle your seat belt and enjoy the ride. When you leave here, you must leave here strong, strengthened in the inner man. Outer man want some food just now. But we talking about inner manner. We accustomed dealing with the outer man feeding the outer man with Kentucky fried chicken and rice and peas and people smiling already start to rejoice already. Oh good Lord. I wouldn't go down there. If I only start with the dessert and everything else I I wouldn't go down side of there. That's the outer man. But the inner man need this. The inner man calling for this. The inner man want the faith inside to be strengthened. When you leave, you're strong in the Lord, in the power of his might. You feel like a champion. You feel like a warrior. You want to be a champion. You want to be a warrior. You want to be an overcomer. You don't want to be another sister. You want to be a victorious sister, not another brother. You want to be a victorious brother. Oh, give the Lord a shout. As a young Christian, I was baptized 17 years old. I used to like to tell people I'm not a church member. I'm a son of God. I like to tell them that. All church folks and church folks. I ain't no church folk. I'm a son of God. I'm a son of the king. I ain't no Baptist. I ain't no Methodist. I no Pentecostal. I am a son of God. That's what the message came to do. To bring us into sunship. To bring us into godship. To bring us into inheritance. To bring us into adoption. That is what the message came to do. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. When you come to church, bring a rusty sword with you. We going to help you sharpen it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We're going to help you to learn how to fight. The good fight of faith. You have to fight, you know, but you have to know how to fight. You can't be swinging, swinging, swinging, swinging, and there's nobody there where you're fighting. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You have to know how to fight. Hallelujah. Fighting the fight of faith. It's a good faith. It's a great faith. Oh, it's a wonderful faith. Oh, I win like nothing else in the world. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let's go. So a former experience makes faith grow. The growth of faith. Hallelujah. Faith getting ripe. Hallelujah. Or the maturity of faith. So not just faith have faith. Faith could grow. Faith could ripe. Faith could mature. The man who stood and watched Jesus cast out devils and heal that centurion man when he caught it, it's like a revelation break on him. All right. He say I am a man under authority. That's a nice revelation. He didn't say he had authority. He was under authority. So to have authority, you have to be under authority. He said I say to one go and he goeth. Because he knew he was authorized by the state to be in that position. Like a policeman. A policeman do a power in himself. He's authorized by the state to lock up people. We are not police. I can't go with a a padlock and just lock up people the police would lock me up for impersonal what they do because I am not authorized but the police have authorization so this man recognized Jesus have authorization over devils over sickness over disease and Jesus don't have to lay hands he said just speak the word only and my servant shall be healed that's gentile faith that's gentile warrior faith just speak and my servant shall be healed And the servant was healed. That's his faith speaking. Jesus marveled. He said in Israel, I never see faith like that. Oh God, bring back that kind of faith. Bring back that old time faith. Oh, glory to God. Remember about the black man talk about the testimony. He had no money to go service. Oh, glory to God. That's a powerful testimony. No money to go service. Them days were tough days. Had no for the car and whatnot. But yet he still no money. I no money. He dressed. All right. And went by the bus stop. Yes, sir. That is faith. Amen. That is faith. You have no money for the bus, no money to go service, but you're still dressed and you stand by the bus stop and you're waiting. The bus not taking you free. When the bus stop, somebody say, "I'll pay for you." Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Come on in. I'll pay for you. That's the kind of faith we're talking about. That was a living faith. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I see brothers. Hallelujah. Lay hands on the tires. Tires we call smooth like pawn face. No spear. Hallelujah. If you see the tires, they get frightened. All right. Those tires are illegal. But faith. They go in service, you know. Hallelujah. And bre in those days wasn't driving the car, you know. Now people driving the cold breeze, driving by coming to service. In those days come in one coming in two in three four five six they coming in you don't even know they fit inside of there but they coming in because transportation was limited in that day that was fate. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my my my my I remember going up. Hallelujah. When I reach up there and about three people in service we had max about 10 by George about 10 but George asked me he say why you leaving quite bel why you see I say when you repent go forgive you I was studying three persons it was fate right amongst that 10 people is when the vision broke about the second coming of the Lord and how I went into brotherly kindness. It was in Kaiwal and that open up a door and I see it clearly without forgiveness. How do you go into Holy Spirit? How do you go into love of God when the prophet says he give you a new spirit that you could work with the Holy Spirit? How could we work with God's love when we don't even know how to forgive? They still have a from 15 years ago or 100 years ago. It's another like we said the grandmother and the grandchildren said granny why why we don't talk to them people again she say so long I can't remember said that old thing passing down from generations of old foolishness you keeping that that hinding you that affecting you may God release you from your past I don't care what your mother did your father did your grandfather your grandmother your uncle your neighbor I don't care what they did forgive them and move on your father never do this I Remember one tell me the father a man tell me father never buy him a long pants good lord hear that was too much for me if father dead you know but he pain never buy long pants it's a big hard back man could buy you own long pants I remember when I first eat watermelon and a big family at 12 and my father cut the watermelon so slice it so slice it so chick when I eat one of that that was just getting me started I tell myself whenever I get to work I buy a whole watermelon for myself cuz my father get banana he cut it you don't know about them things not not a banana man know one two piece of a banana but we live we survive we are alive we are not children you don't have to hold on to the past [Applause] Dig the valley full of ditches. Dig and get water. Dig and get your breakthrough. Dig and get victory. Don't just take things for granted. Press on. We must work till Jesus come. We work. [Applause] That song was ringing in my head this morning. We will work till Jesus come. Begin his work. Faith is work. Amen. Abraham sting. Listen, Abraham checking the doctor. There's a harassing thing you know. Yes. He felt le to by the doctor just to get out of here. Now after two visit the doctor call the man money. There's one thing you know. But when the doctor see no hope for this man and the man still coming. Hallelujah. Amen. Same. Same same condition same old man same wife can't make no baby same after 25 years Abraham same but he was not the same his faith was going stronger because his praises was getting more God was seeing his faith man was seeing Abraham billing crib Abraham getting thing to shake Hallelujah. His works was expressed by that. Hallelujah. What is your works expressing? Hallelujah. How you going? So, so you know, if God was allowing licks to share for these kind of testimonies, you got plenty licks here. Because the Bible teach us how to speak. The Bible say let the weak say I am strong. The expression I am strong is the confidence you have in God to give you strength. When Pharaoh was coming and the people come out all that journey, they didn't say, "Oh God, the God had brought us up. Hallelujah. He could take us through." They wasn't talking that journal. It had voices in the congregation saying, "Let's go back." Hallelujah. Giants and champions and the boys them wanted to go back. But watch this. Moses fell back into the humanistic realm. Gone behind a rock and prayed, "Oh God, help me Jesus. Oh God, Pharaoh." Now he had a commission to bring them to the mountain, Red Sea in front of them, mountain on both sides. Fear is coming and he is crying. He is crying in his flesh. He is crying in his emotion. He's emotional because he doesn't know what to do. You know what God did? Okay, Moses, my son, I know what you're going through. No, there's some brother or sister talking to you. God talking to you. God say, "Why cry unto me?" I hear some brothers say amen there, but I hear I hear a strong brothers there. But them sisters quiet there. But I hear a road. He said, "Why? Cry unto me. Speak and move forward." You see, God hands is Moses hands. God's feet is Moses' feet. God cannot operate outside a man. [Applause] Moses is God's agent. For God to work, Moses to act a certain way. He cannot stumble and fumble. He said, "Why crying to me?" That's a humanistic realm. Get out of that. Get out your emotions. Get out your feelings, speak and move forward. Move this step forward. The Egyptians you see today, you shall see them no more forever. The Lord shall fight for you. Oh, glory. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a praise. Give the Lord a shout in the house. That man stood, spoke, [Applause] [Music] stretch his rod towards the water and when he touched the water it open up. Woo! How you was going to feel? Oh, how if you were there, how was you going to feel? My God, I have the words. You can see them watching the mountain, the water on both sides going up, see fish, whale, all kind of things on both sides and you on dry ground. My God and you're singing the song of Moses and you're rejoicing. Now you're feeling the party. That is time to party. That is time to shout and rejoice because God has delivered you from the hands of the Egyptians. God has delivered you from Pharaoh and his army and his forces. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Faith. Faith. The action of faith. The life of faith. And here the costume till fire blocking Pharaoh and his army. You can imagine the bunch the last bunch across. Yes. They reach the top yet. And then Pharaoh feeling led. Hallelujah. He see a highway made and he feel led to go on the highway. He said go after them build that. Don't go and watch what you do building. God made that way for them. They go in they come in sister ny nice she at the end. When sister nice look back and see them. I hope nobody nice here. When she look back and see them you talk about ball. You know how to be emotional. You talk about scream. Oh god. He coming. Look how God bring you all the way out of Egypt. Open up Red Sea. And when you see them child coming now like a fresh ball and a fresh Lord. Hallelujah. We go dead. Hallelujah. Praise God. Jesus. When sister come up, I want a problem with nice. Hallelujah. God closed the water up. My God. And that is when Miriam get the tambourine and Miriam started to dance. Guys, when they could hold her back. Permission please to dance. No, no, no. M permission please to dance. Tambourine time. Dancing time. Shouting time. You see all your sins drunk. You see your enemy drunk. You see your pharaoh drunk. You see all binding you drunk. You see it floating. The dead. The sin that had you bound dead. The spirit that had you b dead. Oh, give the Lord. Give the Lord a shout. So you tell me I can't shout and dance. He had blood. He had made me glad. Oh glory. Hallelujah. So your praises, your praises and worship is evidence of faith in your soul. Notice notice when somebody in sin it's hard to praise God and worship. When somebody in unbelief is battered and what not is hard, you have to be released from your condition. Then you have the liberty. The woman with a the woman at a well when she has free her, she dropped a water pot and ran. If she was in a sense, she never ran. She was a somebody was dressed to buy to walk to get somebody impression, but she ran in the same clothes and said, "Come see a man." Somebody said another man, he said, "No, no, no, not not one of them." Hallelujah. A different one. A perfect one. A one that free meal. One that anointed me. Why not let me know who I am and I can live harder than that. Something ought to strike you that you can live harder than that. Give the Lord a shout. God live God called you to be little Lord and angels, not above the animals. Give the Lord some [Applause] praises. Faith is a substance of things fall. the evidence of things not seen. So many people fail to find the real meaning of what faith is. Some people believe that faith is some sensation or some emotion. But the Bible says faith is a substance of things hoped for. Some things is a mental conception of the word that is not right. Faith is a substance. Faith is not a myth. Faith is a substance of things hoped for. It is not something you imagine in your mind. It is something that you absolutely you have. Hallelujah. Lord, if I see people in the bank line, Hallelujah. And I could still walk inside the building, because I believe something could work out. I didn't know the how it was going to work out. And how fast it was going to work out. Understand? It's two lines plus a third sideline waiting to get into them two lines. Hallelujah. And I bypass all of that. All right. Straight to the machine. Get the money and get back out. Faith. That's how we live. That's how we walk. That's how we talk. Hallelujah. I believe God is a way maker. But you have to give him a chance to make a way. When you trying to bust away yourself, he can't make no way. But you have to show and make a way for he to demonstrate to you he's a way maker. He's a provider. Oh, glory to God. You believe that? Hear this. Faith is not something you imagine in your mind. And don't tell me you had the Holy Ghost to do our faith. When did Aban get the Holy Ghost? The Holy Ghost circumcision come as a confirmation of his faith. Where's the amens on that one? In other words, before he get the experience of circumcision, he had faith demonstrated. So once faith step forward, experience come behind that. Action come behind that. Works come behind that. Oh, give the Lord a sh praise in the house. Watch. Get this part. I want to get to this. Yeah. It is not something that you imagine in your mind. It is something that you absolutely you have. It is something you possess in your own being. I am conscious of the faith that God have that have inside of me. It's a consciousness inside of me. The faith inside of me. The devil can't take that out. He got to make not dear. It is something that you possess. It's something that you have. God put that in you before the foundation of the world. That is why you could react to the word is something inside. You are not the believer. The word in you is a believer. [Applause] God's faith in you believe in his own word. What says is something you possess in your own being. Okay. Let me just run through this quickly, but I want to talk about Moses right in the burning bush. He come to find out the angel of the Lord was in this bush. Moses had been a bitter failure yet knowing that God was going to deliver the children of Israel by him trying to do it within himself 40 years before that and become a failure. Get this. And lost all the vision of victory and freedom for the people enslaved. Moses was a bitter failure. We see his attention to the burning bush. Fire usually brings an attraction. Usually the Holy Spirit when it comes in a manner of fire attracts attention to people. God spoke to him. Here we go. A fresh vision by an angel. Watch faith take a hold right quick. Are you going with me? Don't Don't sleep now. Don't feed on me now. Just listen. Watch faith take a hold right quick. The old things pass away. But Moses now has a new vision. He has a revelation. He has an experience. He had met God. Notice how those words are placed. Moses had a new vision. He had a revelation. He had an experience. He had met God. He had talked to God. Before that, he had not met God. He only read and knowed what his mother had told him by hearing what his mother had said or by hearing what the pastor had said. But now Moses had a personal experience. Could I shout in the house? Isn't that the problem today? People sit on me churches hearing what the pastor said. Never have a personal experience. You have to have a personal experience. Not your father for you, not your mother for you, not your wife for you, not your husband for you. You have to have a personal experience. Thank God. Do I hear a shout in the house? Your mother, father, brother, husband, wife experience cannot work for you. Glor. He said, "That's what the church needs tonight is just stop studying so much theology and get down to the altar and pray until a personal experience burn down in a human heart." Oh, glory to God. And burns out the dullness and gives a new vision. How many you agree with that this morning? Well, open your mouth and say, "Amen." You know, you're dull. You want a fresh vision. You want a renewal. I wanted. [Music] Here we go. Moses now was experienced. He had witnessed the power of the Lord God. He had witnessed it in both divine healing. His hand was split with leprosy and then he put it back in his bosom, pull it out, and was healed. So, he knew God was a healer. So, God gave him a direct witness of his glory and power. And that's what we need. That's what you need, a witness of God's power and presence. And when you get that, nobody can take that out of you. No devil could talk that out of you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said that's the way the Holy Spirit would come on the apostle who said such as I have. That's what we need tonight. A personal experience with God. Moses got the personal experience. Now watch faith jumping. Watch the difference in Moses. Now away he goes to Egypt. A oneman invasion going to take over. Nothing but a dry stick. He went down to do it and accomplish what God told him because he had a fresh vision from God. And if anything the church needs tonight, what we are trying to do, friends, is to bring a fresh vision from the presence of God to let the people see that God still lives and reign and moving in his church. Oh, give the Lord a praise in the house. Hallelujah. And then brother Bam said this in the days of our Lord before he left the earth. Acts 18 he said tar the se of Jerusalem until they do power from high. Isn't that right? Acts 18 says you shall receive power after it has come upon you. There was a little bunch of cowardly people in an upper room and the doors locked because they were afraid of the threats of the Jews. And all of a sudden there come a song from heaven like a rushing mighty wind fill all the house where they were sitting. And they were afraid a few minutes before that. But here they were all out in the street magnifying and glorifying God. A few minutes ago they were afraid. When that Holy Ghost come upon them, all fear gone. They're fearless now. They on the streets. You know what? They had an experience that set them a fire that could burn the whole world in that day. They had an experience. Experience a company's faith. They heard a word from Jesus. They obeyed Jesus word. They were in the upper room. They had faith to believe it will come. And when that experience came, they changed them all together. It will change you. It will change this church. It will change the ministry. It will change the elders. It will change the deacons. It will change every person in the church. Can we take some more? Listen to this. Hallelujah. Can't stop now. Middle of the runway. Faith is so simple. Faith is a substance things won't fall. Faith is not a miss. It's something you actually possess. If I was starving and you come to me and said, "I'm starving." And they say, "What would save your life?" I'd say, "A loaf of bread." And you go into your pocket and bring out 25 cents and hand it to me and say, "Here you are, Mr. Brandom. You don't have to starve. I haven't got the bread yet. But I have the purchase power of the bread. I may be a mile from the bread. I could just be as happy with the quarter in my hand as if I have the bread. You ain't smell it yet. You ain't eat it yet. You ain't taste it yet. But you have the power to purchase it. You have to get up the road. The bakery is up the road. That is where you get the bread in the bakery. You're walking. You're hungry, but you're rejoicing because you have the money to buy the bread. Well, faith is the currency this morning for dynamics, for the Holy Ghost, for revival. We can rejoice this morning. We can shout this morning. We can dance this morning because faith is here believing what God promised. Oh, glory to God. And the Bible said the Lord himself went everywhere with him, confirming the word with signs following. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Could you imagine the Lord everywhere we go, the Lord going with us, these signs shall follow, not you follow signs. These signs when you look back, signs following you. Wherever you go, there's signs. There are wonders, there are miracles. You're going to check grandma, you're going to check grandpa, you're going to check your friend and family, and these signs shall follow. Somebody sick in the family, you know, you could pray. your prayer before you can pray again. You know God going to heal because God is a healer. He wants somebody he could use. He want your hands. He wants your feet. He want your hands to lay on others. Give the Lord some praises [Applause] tonight. Amen. Brother Joel. When faith is anchored, it is finished. You are just as happy as if you're already jumping and shouting because it's all over now. When I got the bread, this 25 cents, I may have to go over some hills by a patch through water, cross bridges, but I'm rejoicing because I have 25 cents knowing I'm going to get the bread as soon as I get there. It's the purching power. Hear the bomb. Now, the most people have faith, but they don't try to use what faith they got. Hallelujah. Amen. You see when brother black man stand up there by the bus stop that's some people rain falling cargo services rain fall say the lazy man they say you have a land you street let me go and turn and sleep a man with faith even if you don't have a land street by time you get up in the morning the land gone the lazy man he don't want to go come on the bed you know because you know mother and father give him Good. Let them eat. My Jesus. Hallelujah. Run them out to get work. Jesus. Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Most people have faith, but they don't try to use what faith they got. Lord, you said, I believe that every person that believes on the Lord Jesus has to have a certain amount of faith. But the reason it's never used too much is because you never put it to use very much. A person usually come to church, will just come in, listen to the sermon, they'll go up, put their name on the church book, become a good church member. That's just as far as they have to use their faith. But faith will do anything that you have need of being done if you will put it to work. So faith have to go to work then. Yes. Yes. Say yes to that. Your faith this morning have to go to work. Not sleep. Not rest. Go to work. Work for your children. Work for your house. Work for your family. Work for your life. We have not because we ask not. Give the Lord a shout in the house. To get you have to ask. But you have to ask in faith, not ask brethren. That's not my word. That's the Bible. You have not because you ask not. You don't have joy because you asked for it. Hallelujah. So whatever you have right now, keep it. Don't let the devil steal it and ask for more of it. Say, Lord is feeling good. I want some more of that. How I feel this morning, I want some more of that. I want it in my job. I want it in my house. When I'm bing, I want it. When I go to the supermarket, I want it wherever I go. I want that. [Applause] You're asking too small. Yes, sir. You're asking too little. He says like a mouse in Egypt. All them bands with all them corn and a mouse saying you think you going to run out. I only eating two this morning. Two green this morning. I take it two by two. And some people content with that you know their faith so weak so small that why I like Elisha he say I want to be like you Elisha you know Elijah know what we want it's a double portion Elijah say ask a hard thing you know I like that thing you're asking my brother only asked for this that's he he asked for one acre but you ask for 100 acres if his faith only could handle one acre and you could handle 50 acres. Take your 50 acres and go with it. Nobody stop asking for 50 acres. If you can manage that, you want that you can manage. Whatever God give, you want to be able to manage effectively. That man with that one money and he bury it. Wicked servant. Why didn't he put it in the bank? He think he did a good thing. He was pleasing. Master, he give me this here and look. I bury it. I save it. I keep it. I preserve it. You know what I give you that for? For preservation. I give it a multiply for multiplication now. Now because of inflation now this thing less than where it really is because by that time price is going up. Why put my money in bank to get some interest on it? Wicked servant. So you preserving yourself and preserving your life. Wickedness. Hallelujah. God want to bless you so much your cup must run over. But some of you so selfish you can't get a cup full cuz you're fighting somebody by look inside your cup. Amen. You don't want to share your cup. Amen. Hallelujah. You want to open your pipe and when you do open your pipe pipe rusty water come in so long that pipe open because the more you give the more you get to know. God, you see once God find a channel, he will flow through it. That's why they say you must give a giver. You never hear it before, right? It's a new one. You must give a giver because a giver will give. When you give a stingy person, they keep it right. All the blessing lock off right there. So because it's me, I and myself and my own. But when you give a giver, a giver will keep on giving. Hallelujah. That's what God want to use you as a channel to effectively reach others, free others, deliver others. So watch faith will just do anything you have need of being done if you'll put it to work. But most churches today, that's as far as they teach. Just teach Jesus by faith and that settle it. That's like a man that's eating a slice of watermelon. That was good, but there was some more of it somewhere. So that's the way it is. Accept Christ, but there's more of it. Now, lo, I now don't go in a place where you just I I wonder if it will work. Just the same as you know, you're going to get a drink of water, you're going to raise up and walk across the floor. That's how simple to be about it. The Lord promise it, settles it. That's genuine faith. Now if people if the church here we go would put more faith to work hear this chance you would see more things take place in the church the pastor might stand on Sunday morning he might stand on Sunday evening whenever and preach hard on faith in a mighty message but if the members don't take that message and then start putting the work it will fall right back and the birds of the air will pick it up amen Amen. Amen. So, we have birds outside right now. Amen. And we literally have some birds outside. I'm not talking about those birds. Amen. That you see on the fence and thing. I'm not talking about those birds. We're talking about the bird Satan that has take things on people when they don't understand and grasp it. So, when you leave here today, I want you to take what faith inside of you and begin to act on it. Do something about it. You know, if you don't do that's an action you choose not to do. And you will fail by not doing. And don't go like some people they afraid to fail. So they no longer trying. They don't want to embarrass and whatn not. No. Go forward in action. If you fail, you fail. You you learn from your failures. You fall. You get back up. But you learn along the way. But don't say you're not trying. Try. Press. Cut your way through. I love decisions. Decisions have fruit with it. The fruit is the results of decision. When you don't make a decision, you make a decision not to make a decision. Hallelujah. But when you make a decision right or wrong, you see the fruit of it and you know sometime how God guiding you and leading you by your decisions. I see people make wrong decisions and they pay for those decisions that they make. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. Faith. Here we go. This is deep. Always an experience accompanies fate. And how could it be tonight? I'd say to you women here, you got a little canary bird. You love pets. What good would it do to give them vitamins and seed and make strong bones and find wings and keep them in a cage all the time? There is no need of giving him vitamins if you're going to keep him in a cage. He don't need vitamins to make him strong wings cuz he never got a chance to use them. What good does it do to preach the Bible of a God that heals, a God that got power, and tell the people there's a miracle is passed. What good does it do? It's just like taking a man freezing to death. And here's a nice picture of a painted fire. The man cannot get warm by a painted fire. He's freezing. He's got to have warmth. And a man that is thirsting for God can't be satisfied till something happens. Amen. So real elect bride members can't be satisfied hearing, hearing, hearing. Hallelujah. Every Sunday they only hearing. There is no action or recognizing or acting on the word. You have to come to a place where you could act yourself on the word. In other words, do you bring a revival to the church? Hallelujah. Or you coming here to be we we are battery chargers. We we have a recharging ministry then. You come in here to plug in. What to your plug? You plug no working. Hallelujah. So you come to church and every time they come with with the plug and the preacher come with plugs he just say a plug man and you come to plug in to get charge I feel I'm feeling good and you you let your whole charge run out until next Sunday you act bring your charge let us start with the charge everybody bring the pillar of fire bring your experience bring your faith come here on that great expectation for a different kind of service. Praise God. Praise God. One time my son used to ask but that daddy what about that short quick message she long services but where the short quick message it coming. It come when you come to when you charge 15 minutes host poured out pour for 2 hours you're sitting on you can't move from your seat 15 minutes the preacher can't preach no more. Are you looking for that kind of service? You know, that looking for you think I looking here to crank up. Yes, we cranking up two hours service Wednesday. And before we had other ministries is we solo. Hallelujah. I had to preach Jude service. This service and you had to keep going, keep going. A man that's thirsting for God can't be satisfied till something happens. It's an experience and that kind of experience will never watch. And that kind of an experience will bring forth great faith. You never know what it is. You cannot trust God who you have never met. Okay, now watch something. You Methodist, you Baptist, you Presbyterian, Catholic, you human beings which Christ died for, you have got just as much right to these blessings as the Pentecostal has. The only thing you got to do is just sign. thing they want you to do is sign your name on the church book instead of staying there until you got an experience that God has changed you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It takes an experience to accompany faith. So all the faith they claim to have in this message all the faith, brother Kangly, where is the experience that accompanies the faith? I I will start with just the worship. Where is the worship? Where is the praises? Where are the shouts? Oh, we don't need that no more. Or you will use the code when you know when the when he when he um when when the van come back load don't make a noise when empty. So, so this church is an empty church. We making noise because we we go in light. But when when you put all the grocery and all the load inside his van, quiet man, they they will take that and find that devil is a wicked man. Nobody a wicked man. They went the court. No noise god. Because wherever God is, there's noise. Up in heaven, there's noise. You know, angel body, holy, holy, Lord, God Almighty. You think we make noise? Somebody say exercise when you're getting up. Say no. Get up. I'm getting say no. Well, you you stay healthy. Abraham knew what he was talking about for he met God for 25 years. He endured because he believe what God has said. Praise God. Moses, he had a knowledge that he was the deliverer. But you see, he never had any experience. But when he met God in that burning bush, he knowed what he was after then. He knowed in whom he had believed. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. So he's talking to somebody in the wheelchair. He said, "Cast them reasoning down." He said, "Them things are vanities." Abraham called those things which are not as though they were. After he met God, that's the first thing. You have to have an experience. If you don't have an experience, you won't have faith. Every man, every Christian that calls the name of Christ has no right at the pull pit until he has a backside of the desert experience. Doctors may come and explain it and so on. You might explain all this away, that away, but if you ever met God, you had an experience. You know, you and God alone stood on those grounds and Satan can't put his dirty, nasty feet on it. That's holy ground. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. I'm going to close. So James was justifying Abraham by works. But we know Paul referred to here what God seen in Abraham. So God through Paul was talking about God see the faith. And so a man is justified by faith. That's what God see in you the faith. But James say man will see your works. So the prophet preach a message works is faith expressed. So what faith is inside of people would be expressed by works. So you cannot say you have faith and no works. That makes no sense. Hallelujah. Your works will express what faith inside of you. If you have faith, you will praise God. If you receive a promise from God like Abraham, do you believe that? Abraham was expressing his faith. He had met in God's promise. He was ready. He ready everything for the baby. And God saw he believed. Now faith is a revelation from God. Faith is a revelation. And there's where I want to stay a moment. It's a revelation. It's revealed to you by his grace. It's nothing you did. You didn't work yourself up into faith. You ever have faith is given to you by the grace of God. And God reveal it to you. Therefore, faith is a revelation. The whole church is built upon revelation. Listen this part now. If God by his grace, not the preacher, not anybody else, but God can place into your heart a revelation that I'm going to be well. There isn't nothing going to keep you from sitting there. There's nothing can hold you there. You are going to be well. But until that does happen, you're going to sit right there where the doctor say you're going to sit. Until it has to be revealed to you by the grace of God. And that's why you need to get in the spirit. And when you get in the spirit, you can get revelation. Praise God. Hallelujah. David. Now remember, it was revealed to David. Here is the armies of the living God standing there and watch boasting uncircumcised Philistine. We call him cancer. We call him paralytic. Revelation struck him. He said, "The God that took me out of the pores of the bear, took me out of the port of the lion. How much more would he deliver me from this uncircumcised Philistine? His brothers were more able to do it, but it wasn't revealed to them. They had army, they had word, they had coach, they had books, they had mysteries, they had all kind of revelations, but they didn't have faith. They didn't have the real revelation to step out there to face Golth. And that challenge coming back. Goliath is on his way. As I said, the bull is coming. Oh, praise God. It was revealed to David. Notice when it was revealed, David became fearless. Notice the giant on the other side didn't believe it. Neither will the cancer. He laughed and said, "Am I a dog?" But David said it was revealed to him. He had faith in what he was doing. He knowed what he was doing to do. He did it because it revealed to him. Until that happened, every preacher in what? And if God would just spoke that right down in your heart tonight, you are not going to be laying in that bed. You are not going to be sitting in that chair. everything could change. But until that happened, every preacher in the world could could it wouldn't help you. It could pray for you. It would encourage you. But until that faith, healing power, the healing power is in you. It don't come from the preacher. It comes to you by faith. If the healing power was in brother, he didn't go and talk all this talk to get the people into faith. But he talked to them to get them into faith because faith is not activated. You see him on the platform all of a sudden he sweep here. He said that woman there with cancer, that woman there with sick with so and so, God just healed you. God has healed you. What they doing? They're pulling the pillar of fire off the platform. And faith just doing that. Faith just he want to deal with this here, but faith pulling the pillar of fire like that. He's operating here, but faith moving. And that faith is what does in the people. Amen. And that faith had to be in you. Praise God. Do you believe that? I'm going to skip out. I'm going to close. Music, please. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Faith that doesn't produce works. Anyone has a right to doubt your testimony. Hallelujah. Now, do you hear it? Before we start the prayer line, if your faith doesn't produce works with it, you can't make anyone believe that you're healed. Hallelujah. And he says, well, I got all faith in the world. You don't. Because when you got all faith, works is married to faith. They are husband and wife. One identify the other. You say you're married. Where your wife? I can't tell. If you're married, you ought to have a wife. Where's your husband? I ain't saying at all. Works and faith goes together. Amen. I'll close with a scripture. Matthew 7:18-29, Jesus speaks, "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit. Neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not good fruit is heed down and cast into the fire. Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. Not everyone that say unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father, not the Lord, Lord part, not the talk part, but who that do it. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, have we not prophesy thy name? In thy name we cast out devils. in thy name done manif works and I will profess unto them I never knew you depart from me you that work iniquity and here we go therefore are you ready whosoever heareth these things of mine and doeth them that's where the fate is that is where you have to follow through in obedience the obedience of faith what the prophet say follow obedience to the entire word of God entitly you to the token whosoever heareth these saints of mines and do with them, I would liken him unto a wise man which build his house upon a rock. And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that rock, and it fell not, for it is founded upon a rock. And everyone that hear these saints of minds, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand. And the rain descended, and the floods came, the winds blew, beat upon the house, and it fell. Great was the fall of it. It came to pass when Jesus had ended these saints. The people was punished at his doctrine for he taught them not as as one having authority and not as the scribes. So friends, we all here. Israel all heard the Moses, all heard the word, but many didn't walk with faith. Many walk out and they were still in their flesh and their senses. You're challenged this morning to walk in obedience to the faith that was revealed by the prophet of Malachi 4. We have too much of confessions of I believe, I believe. But the devil believe and tremble. You have to go beyond believing now. You have to really come in obedience to what God said that God could see the action of faith in your life and we would see by your works. Let's all stand as they begin to play something and we worship the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Father God, we thank you today for your presence. Thank you for your word, Lord Jesus. And may a great experience come upon your people right now. The fire of faith, the fire of your love, the fire of your presence. Have your way, Lord Jesus, and release the anointing that would birth the true baptism of the Holy Ghost upon their lives. Grant it, Father. In Jesus name we wait upon you. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Precious [Music] Jesus. Oh for grace to trust him more. It's so sweet to in Jesus just to take him out his word just to rest. is right just to [Music] know the Lord Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus Jesus blessed Jes bless you. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, how I trust you. How I prove the jealousy. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh for grace to trust him. One more time. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Precious [Music] Jes. Oh, lift your hand and let's praise him right now. Oh, hallelujah. Thank him today. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and grief to bear. Oh, lift your hand and say, "What a privilege it is to [Music] carry every thing to God in prayer. Oh, what peace. Oh, I know. Our peace we offer and what needless things we bear. Oh, because we do not carry everything to God in prayer. Oh, are we weak and heavy laden? Come with a load of care. Come with the load of care. Precious Savior. Oh, your should still our show today. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Oh, to thy friends. Oh, thy friends despise for thee. Oh, say thank you to the Lord. He pray. Oh, his arms he take and shield me. Oh thou will find a comfort there. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise one more time. Hallelujah. Can we find Oh, glory. Oh, lift your hands and give him a shout of praise. Oh, thank him. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, because we do not [Music] care. Everything to die. [Music] There is a river that flows from deep within. Oh, and there is a fountain. Lift your hands all over. That frees the soul from s. Oh, today won't you come to Hallelujah. Oh, let's close your eyes and let's worship him. Lift your hands where you are. Hallelujah. There is a supply. And there is a river that never shall run dry. Oh, you're there. Oh, river. Oh, hallelujah. All that flows from thee. Oh, give him praise right now. there. Oh, and there is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. Oh, today. Oh, won't you come? Come to the waters. Oh, there is a mass of love. Oh, and there is a river, oh Lord, that never shall run dry. Oh, now give the Lord some praise right now as the music plays. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you father. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Faith reaches out today. Oh to that river. There is healing in that river. There is deliverance in that river. There is breakthrough in that river. There is anointing in that river. Let your faith be released today. Believe God oh can touch you and anoint you and inspire and raise you up. Let your faith rise. Oh hallelujah. God is able. He hallelu can restore. He can baptize. He can fill. Oh let your faith reach out today. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lift your hands. Lift your voice. Oh, just give him a shout of praise and worship. Oh, reach out today. Whatever you have need of today, let your faith claim it tonight. Let your faith declare it to be so. Oh, hallelujah. Run into that river. Dive into that river. Scream into that river. Oh God, I need the Holy Ghost. My family needs you. My son needs you. My daughter needs you. My wife needs you. My husband needs you. I need you this morning. I'm crying. I'm coming into that river today. Oh, my faith looks up to me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh, he is able today. Oh, he's able to give you a brand new touch. He's able to heal you. He's able to seal you. He's able to anoint you. He's able to inspire a new aresh. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him a shout. Lift your hands and your voices. Oh, lift him up all over. Oh, his presence is here. For he's anointed his people. Oh, hallelujah. Won't you come away? Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you for your word. Oh, there is. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] There is a river that never shall run. Oh, we thank you [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. How many appreciate the word of the Lord today? Oh, hallelujah. How many were pricked in the heart? So, you would see Jesus. Amen. Amen. What a faith message. And now we just want to pick up the port tying offering. I believe they're ready to pray over it. We just want to bow our heads and ask God's blessings upon these things. But conscious of the presence of God among us. We just bow in reverence. Now let's pray. Almighty God, we uh thank you Lord for your grace and your mercy towards us Lord. and Lord grateful hearts this morning we come with offerings and tithes into your house Lord we pray that you'd bless it Lord and may use it for the furtherance of your gospel bless the ministry by their Lord Father that they may continue Lord to do these things for your honor and glory bless your people as they would give May you provide for them Father and may you bless them according to your grace Lord and according to their offerings Father you that judgeth the heart in all things Lord may you judge rightly we thank you Father bless those that uh don't have today. Father, may you provide for them also. We pray this blessing in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Do you love him today? Amen. Amen. Praise God. I've been redeemed. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, [Music] I am all my sins are redeemed. Oh, I'm redeemed. Oh, by the Oh, today I'm redeemed. Oh my go. Oh, you love you more than shout. Praise the Lord. And all my sins are under. Oh, one more time. If you have love, oh, and you want more. Oh, today. If you have love, oh, and you want more. If you have love and you want more than shout, praise the Lord. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Give him a shout. Give him a praise. Lift your hand. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, I got a right to shout. I got a right to praise God. God put faith in my soul to stand a test, to stand a trial. Oh, hallelujah. I'm standing on his word. Hallelujah. Oh, well, I now Satan's man. Now, Satan man. Oh, God, I'm so Oh, put a smile on your face. Tell them now. Satan man. Oh, God. I'm so glad. Oh, yeah. Satan man. But I'm so glad he lost the sinner that he thought he had. Oh, and now my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, I have been redeemed. One more time. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. [Music] All my sins are redeemed. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. We have a prayer request for Sir Abigail Harry. Please keep my dad Andy in your prayer. He has been diagnosed with endstage kidney failure and has not has just started diialysis. Lift our heads. Heavenly Father, you say healing is the children's bread. And we bring with the har before you, Lord. That your Holy Spirit will visit him and deliver him from this kidney condition. We pray that your mercy and grace, the angel of God will pass by his neighborhood and touch him and heal him in Jesus name. Any person here is sick and body that they have time to send a prayer request. Lord, we commit them in their hands that your virtue will flow to them and touch them. Father, we long to see how you work among your people. You promise to move in and out among us. And we thank you in advance for what you are doing and what you're about to do. Have your way. I pray in Jesus might I ask it. Amen. And amen. You may be [Music] seated. Praise God. Today we want to welcome Kevin Pier invited by Tiana Williams. Where's Kevin at? God bless you. Welcome. And we also want to welcome Gabriela Manley and Farah Sutherland invited by sister Marlin Pikton. God bless you and welcome to the Hstone Tabernacle. Praise God. So that's all for announcement and also remember this coming Friday will be our prayer and fast and after we have a Zoom prayer meeting. This coming Friday we'll have our prayer and fast. God bless you by Anthony. Come and finish dismiss. Amen. And amen. Praise God. You love him today. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, as they get ready to dismiss you out for this first service and we'll come back this evening by the grace of God. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. We'll go out with a shout. Amen. As Yasha has come and dismiss you. God bless you. Amen. And may God continue to be with us as we continue enjoying his presence in the dayto-day. Amen. In his presence. Amen. I'm so glad, oh that Jesus set me free. Oh yes, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, and I'm so [Music] glad Jesus Jesus set me free. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Sing hallelujah. Oh sing. Oh that Jesus set me free. Oh that Jesus set me free. Oh so glad. Oh that Jesus set me free. Sing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. One more time. I'm so glad I have Jesus set me free. Oh, and I'm so glad. Oh, that Jesus set me free. Oh, and I'm so glad. Oh, that Jesus set me free. Sing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad. Oh that Jesus set me free. Oh so glad that Jesus set me free. Sing hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat
