################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Evidence Of Purchase - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Evidence Of Purchase - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJCcRvfyumM
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Just raise your hands and give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just give him praise this this morning. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name, Father. We praise you this morning, Lord. We invite your Holy Spirit in this place today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Just bless him in your own way this morning. Thank him for life, health, and strength. Thank him for his blood. Thank him for his grace. Thank him for the Holy Spirit this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just close your eyes, raise your hands, and just worship him. He's worthy to be praised. He's worthy to be exalted this morning. Oh, lamb of God. Lamb of God. Hallelujah. Come down this morning and minister to your people. Minister to the hearts of your people this morning. Oh, we love you with all our hearts, Lord. Oh, we praise you with all our strength, with all our might, with all our soul this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, how many love him this morning? How many appreciate him this morning? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, lamb of God. Sweet lamb of God. I love the home. Lead lamb of God. Oh, wash me. Your preious blood. Oh Jesus Christ, the lamb of lamb of God. Oh lamb. What a shame. Sweet lamb of God. I love the holy lamb of God. Oh, wash me in your preious blood. Oh Lord, until Oh the lamb. One more time. Lamb of God. Oh lamb of God. Sweet lamb. I love I love the holy, holy, holy. Oh, and wash me in. Oh, your prayer. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh Jesus Christ, the lamb. Oh, one more time. Lamb of God. Oh lamb of God. Sweet lamb. I love. Holy, holy lamb. Wash me. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Oh Jesus Christ the lamb. Oh sing it one more time. Lamb of God. Oh I [Music] love. Hallelu Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Oh yes, [Music] Lord. Oh Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. The Oh, just sing it one more time. Lamb of God. Lamb. Lamb of God. Hallelujah. Lord, I love you. Oh, and warm. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. We praise the Lord. We praise you this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Just praise him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you this morning and welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Glory. Glory. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles. Praise God. To Psalms chapter [Music] 4. Amen. Psalm 4:es 1 to5. Amen. And it goes like this. Hear me when I call, oh God of my righteousness. Thou has enlarged me when I was in distress. Have mercy upon me and hear my prayer. Oh ye sons of men, how long will he turn my glory into shame? How long will he love vanity and seek after leasing sailor? But know that the Lord had set apart him that is godly for himself. The Lord will hear when I call unto him. Can we say amen this morning? Hallelujah. Stand in awe and sin not. Commune with your own heart upon your bed and be still. Offer the sacrifices of righteousness and put your trust in the Lord. Amen. Amen. Can we say amen this morning? Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We come to offer our sacrifices of righteousness this morning. Our sacrifices of praise we bring unto the Lord this morning. Thank you, Father. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful to be in your presence this morning. Lord, we we've come, Lord, with love in our hearts, joy in our hearts, Lord, reverence and respect for your great, awesome presence, Father. Lord, we welcome your presence this morning. Father, may you open up the windows of heaven and pour your spirit upon your people like never before this morning, Father. Lord, we come with hungry hearts and thirsty hearts, Lord. Lord, we put away all ourselves, Father. We just come to bow at your feet this morning and worship you, Lord. Lord, you deserve all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. Lord, you delight in the praises of your people. Father, may we be true worshippers this morning, Lord. I would worship you in spirit and in truth, Father. Lord, come and fill your people. Refill your people, Lord. Even as we commemorate the day of Pentecost even at this on this very date, Father, Lord, we just bless you and praise you this morning. Bless the musicians, Father. Bless your servant as he would come. Take him completely out of the way, Father. Lord, and may your Holy Spirit flow through him, Father. Lord, words of life, words of restoration, words of deliverance, Father, words of redemption, Father. Lord, we look to you this morning, Father. May we get out of the way and you have your perfect way, Father. Bless all your lambs this morning, all your sons and daughters, Father, and we commit everything now into your hands, Lord. will come and have your perfect way, Lord. Come and take full control, Lord. May everything be done in decency and in order, Lord, all for your honor and glory. These mercies we ask in your precious name with thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. Amen. One more time, give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Turn around and greet your brother and sister. Amen. In Jesus name. Big smile. Amen. Praise the Lord. Believe on us. All he'll think Jesus all. [Music] All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright [Music] morning. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. And with him we shall reign forever more. All hail King [Music] Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. King of kings. King of kings. Lord of lords. Lord of lords. bright morning star and throughout oh and through all eternity I'm going to praise him I'm going to praise him and with him we shall reign and with him we shall reign forever more. One more time. All hail king Jesus. All hail king Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of kings. Oh, Lord of lords. Bright morning star. And throughout, oh, and throughout [Music] eternity, I'm going to praise. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. And with him, we shall reign forever. Oh, sing it one more time. All hail King Jesus. All hail King Jes. Oh h Emmanuel, king of kings, oh Lord of lord, oh bright morning star and throughout all eternity I'm going to praise him oh and will We shall reign forever more. Oh, sing [Music] Emmanuel. Emmanuel. His name is called. His name is called Emmanuel. Emmanuel. He's God with us. Revealed in us. He's gone with us. Oh, revealed in us. Oh, his His name is called Emmanuel. Oh, I sing it again. Emmanuel. Immanuel. Hallelujah. Immanuel. His name is called Hallelujah Emmanuel. He's God with us. Oh, he's God revealed in us. for his name is God Emmanuel. Oh, as your music plays, just praise him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, he's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords. We owe him all our worship this morning, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. And bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Oh bless his word. Oh somebody bless the Lord this morning. singing bless the Lord and oh my soul and oh hallelujah bless him bless him this morning bless his holy name. Sing it one more time. Bless the Lord. Sing and bless the Lord and oh my soul. Oh and all with all that's within you this morning. All that is within me. Oh bless bless. Bless his name. Bless his name. Bless his name. Bless his name. He has done great things. He has done great things. And he has done great things. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, and he has done great things. Hallelujah. Sing. And he has done. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Bless his [Music] holy. Oh, he has done great things. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, testify this morning. He has done great. Oh, he has done great things in your life this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. He has done. Oh hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, he has delivered me. He has restored me. He has healed me. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Bless his holy name. Bless his holy name. Thank you, Jesus. Give him a shout this morning. Give him a praise. Give him a praise. Give him a praise. Just praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Thank you Father. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Oh glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah Jesus. Yes Lord. Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Praise his wonderful name. You love the Lord this morning. You want to praise him? Praise God. Forget about yourself and just worship him. Amen. Oh, we will work till Jesus comes. We will work. Tell Jesus. Tell Jes. Oh, we will work till Jesus comes and we be gatherred home. We will work. Oh, we will work. Hallelujah. Till Jesus comes, we will. Hallelujah. Till Jesus comes, we will. How many soldiers here this morning? Hallelujah. In the army of the Lord. Oh, glory. We gather. Oh, oh, we will. Sing we will. Tell Jesus we will work. Hallelujah. Till Jesus comes. We will hallelujah. Till glory to God. And we be God. Oh we will work. Sing we will. Hallelujah. Tell Jesus God. We will. Hallelujah. Tell. We will. Hallelujah. Tell. And we Oh, without the music. Oh, sing it this morning. Make it your anthem. We will sing. We will. Hallelujah. Tell Jesus. Oh, we will. Hallelujah. Tell Jesus. Oh, we will. Oh, hallelujah. Tell Jesus. Oh, and we will be. Oh, how many is going to work this morning? Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, we will work till Jesus comes. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. We will work till Oh, don't stop fighting. Don't stop pressing. We going to work. Praise God. Hallelujah. On the battlefield for our Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. And be gatherred. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Sing hallelujah. He abides. Glory to God with me. I'm rejoicing. Oh, I'm re night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the comforter. Glory. Sing it this morning. He abides. Sing. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. be with glory to God. Yes, Lord. I'm [Music] free as I glory to God. Yes, Lord. All the comforter. Oh, let's sing a verse. I'm rejoicing night and day. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life. I see. And the reason for my bliss is the secret. All is this that the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Sing here. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. He abides with I'm rejoicing night and day. Oh, I pray as I walk as I walk. Glory, glory to God for the comforter I might. Oh, and once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I felt at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with you. Oh, give him a shout this morning. Glory to God. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Oh, with me. Oh, rejoice in that. Oh, you rejoice this morning. Oh, the comforter abides with you. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he is with me. He is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm so happy as a bird and just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh hallelujah. He abides. Sing it this morning. Oh he abides. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes Lord. Go with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. But one more verse. There's no thirsting. There's no thirsting for the things of this world. They take on wings. Long ago I give them up and instantly. Oh, all my nights was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, one more time. Give him praise. Give him a shout this morning. Oh, bless the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abide with me. Oh, praise God. The Lord save me. Hallelujah. Why should I be bound? Oh, the Lord save me. Hallelujah. Why should I be bound? Oh, glory. The Lord save me. Oh, why should I be bound? Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord save me. The Lord save me. Hallelujah. Why should I be bound? Oh, the Lord save me. Glory to God. Why should I be bound? Oh, the Lord save me. Oh, why should I be bound? Amen. Oh, amen. Amen. I've been baptized in Jesus name. I've been baptized in Jesus name. Sing it. Why should I be bound? Glory to God. I've been baptizing. Glory to God. Oh yes Lord. Oh hallelujah. You are free this morning. You are delivered this morning. Thank you Jesus. Oh, amen. Oh, amen. Amen. Oh, I've been baptized. I've been baptized in Jesus name. Why should I be bound? Oh, I've been baptized. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Why should I be bound? Glory. I've been baptized in Jesus name. Say, why should I? Oh, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, I believe your baby come back. Hallelujah. Come back. Glory. Oh, praise God. Get light this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Come by the riverside and come breathe them no more. I say to Oh, sing it this morning. Glory. Hallelujah. Say hallelujah. No more. I said to Oh, glory. Hallelujah. No. One more time. Leave your burdens this morning. Sing. Leave your burden. Say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Down by the riverside. Lead your Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord God. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, say to carry them up. Carry them no more. Hallelujah. Carry them. Oh, glory God. Oh, no more. I said to Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hurry, Lord. Oh, I say to carry them. I read them no more. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. God. Oh, no [Music] more. Hallelujah. No more. Glory to God. I sing one more time. Leave your burdens down by just leave your burdens. Don't by the river's side. Don't buy. Oh, don't buy. You got to be [Music] burdened no more. Oh, car no more. Oh car. [Music] Hallelujah. Satan carry them. You will be seated. Oh car them no more. Oh. And right in your seats just just worship and praise the Lord right there. Oh, you got to leave your [Music] [Music] burden. Leave your burdens on mine. Oh yeah. Go. What's your burden this morning? Oh, carry them no more. Oh, carry them no more. Oh, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, carry them no more. Oh, carry them no more. While the music play, just keep worshiping the Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Yes, Lord. This morning, put it on this morning. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. And to carry them no more. Carry them no more. Carry them no more. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Why you want to carry your burdens? He said leave your burdens. This is the place to offload. This is not the place to keep your stuff. This is the place to offload because he could handle it. You can't handle it, but he could handle it. Hallelujah. You look at this one, you look that family, this friend is not working out, but he could handle your problems. And that's why being co by somebody. Thank you brother Steven. My my my my car them no more. Carry them no more. said to carry no [Music] more no more. [Music] What you must do? Leave your burden. Don't [Music] Riverside by the Riverside. Won't God help you right now? Come by the riverside. You must leave your burden. And now the river side. [Music] You know, you can look back at your life and see where God take you through so many things. And we still question him. We still doubt it. And God has shown you in past experiences where he took it through this. He took it through that. And he can't fail. Amen. And everyone is a test. He took it through the beer. He took it through the lion. Golat going to be finished. Amen. Hallelujah. Why be fearful? Why be worried? Get get to say, "Lord, I laid at your feet." You have family problems, husband problem, wife problem, children problem, money problem, whatever problem, we have to be able to leave it at his feet. Amen. Amen. He will take care of his own people. Amen. So this is a beautiful morning, a lovely day, a lovely atmosphere. Amen. Very, very inspiring. So this morning um two portion of scripture to read Jeremiah chapter 32 reading from 6 to 14 as we stand. Revelation 5 want to read uh verse 1 to 10. You good here this morning? Want to Leave that burden gone by the riverside. All right. Revelation uh Jeremiah chapter 32 reading from verse 6. See what we have. And Jeremiah said, "The word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Behold, Han, the son of Shalom, thine uncle, shall come unto thee, saying, by thee my field that is in Anath, for the right of redemption is thine to buy it." So Hannal, my uncle's son, so so in other words, God gave him a word what's about to take place. So here come the fulfillment. So hanim my uncle's son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the lord and said unto me by my field I pray thee that is anthos which is in the country of Benjamin for the right of inheritance is thine and the redemption is thine buy it for thyself. Then I knew that this was the word of the Lord. And I bought the field of Hanal, my uncle's son, that was in Anatha, and weighed him the money, even 17 shekels of silver. And I subscribed the evidence and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him the money in the balances. So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed, according to the law and custom, and that which was open. And I give the evidence of the purchase unto Barack, the son of Niah, the son of Basil, in the sight of Hanil, my uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that purchased the book of the purchase. I subscribed to the book of purchase before all the Jews that sat in the court of the prison. And we want to let's and I charged Barack before him saying thus sayeth the Lord of host the God of Israel. Take these evidences this evidence of the purchase both which is sealed and this evidence which is open and put them in the vessels that they may continue many days. Reading Revelation 10 or Revelation chapter 5 rather reading from verse one. I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within the backside sea with seven seas. And I saw a strong angel proclaim with a loud voice who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seas thereof. No man in heaven nor in earth neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look therein. And I wept much because no one was found worthy to open and to read the book. needed to look therein. And one of the elders saith unto me, weep not. Behold, the land of the tribe of Judah, root of David had prevailed, to open the book, and to loose the seven seeds thereof. And beheld, and I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne of the four beasts, in the midst of the elders to the lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon a throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them hops and golden vials full of orders which are the prayers of the saints. And they saw a new song, saying, "Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof, for thou was slain, and has redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and has made unto us our God kings and priests, has made us unto our God kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. Let's bore his." Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word tonight, and we thank you for your spirit as here. May you take me out of the way and speak to your people and may you confirm your word with a mighty outpoint of your spirit with signs, wonders and miracles. I ask in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, praise God. Your life is not in vain. Your life have a great divine purpose behind it. You have to be interested and find out what is the purpose of your life. Whatever stage of life you're in right now, there's a plan for God in fit for that. Whether you're 17, whether you're six, whether you're 100, it doesn't matter what age you at. There's a purpose of God why you're here. And it is your responsibility to say, Lord, what is my purpose? What is what is the reason for being here? Praise God. Have a thought this morning. Evidence of purchase. That's the thought that I have. Evidence of purchase. And you read where God told Jeremiah his uncle will come and tell him buy the land. And he said, "Take the land, buy it, pay for it." And this evidence of purchase is a visible, tangible, verifiable proof that a transaction has occurred and that ownership rights have been changed. Rights have changed hands. So whenever a land is purchased, they have to go go to the person that purchased it. Is a change of hands, a change of ownership. And one time the devil had us. He thought he owned us. But Jesus came and paid the price and he died and paid for us that we a transfer of ownership. We no longer belong to the devil. We no longer belong to the world. We belong to God. Isn't that something? So therefore our lives should reflect that we have been purchased and we ourselves become evidence of purchase. Isn't that right? So in modern times this evidence is like a receipt and Jesus purchased with his blood and he's coming back to pay and receive what he has purchased for. Isn't that right? You know like when you go and buy furniture or buy something in a store to make a down payment or you pay the whole payment it hasn't been delivered yet but you have the receipt and that receipt that is written is tangible proof that a price has been paid. That receipt could be compared to the bus ticket. When you pay for the bus ticket, the ticket is the evidence. The price have been paid. That receipt can be compared with the token because the token is evidence. A lamb was slain and the blood is evidence. Praise God. That lamb was slain and you could present that token or you can present that to ticket or you can present the receipt. Isn't that right? Blessed be the name of the Lord. So we know that we have been purchased by the blood of Jesus Christ. Isn't that right? Amen. Amen. So 1 Corinthians 6 says from 19, what know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which you have of God? You are not your own for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods. So we are not here just to live and just have a house and and living for money and living for house and car and and whatnot. We are here at brother again preach on Wednesday night for God's honor and God's glory. That's the primary thing. Amen. Whatever God bless you with is to glorify him. Hallelujah. Are you do you get that now? Whatever God give you is to bring glory back to God. It's not for you to selfishly hold it down and say I have this, I have that. No, it's to bring glory to God. There are too much people living selfish lives. Haven't God have no glory to get from that. Selfishness have nothing to do with God getting glory. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. You therefore glorify God in your body in your spirit which are God. Isn't that right? So therefore our lives become visible evidence of this purchase. Not invisible visible evidence of this purchase. Our lives must become visible to others. We cannot live an invisible private secret Christian life. I don't expect much amen for that but I will still say it. You cannot live a private invisible Christian life. A Christian life is a public life. Amen. Give the Lord some praises. That is why God tell them take a lamb, kill it. Take the blood and put it on the doorpost. Everybody passing should see it. You can't paint it on the inside. He said not when I come in the inside. I'm not coming inside to look for it. When I see the blood, it has to be on display. So you cannot look to live a private secret Christian life. You life have to become public. It have to become visible. It has to become evident. Yeah. One no and a private life and you in your own bubble. You have to come out. You have to bust that bubble. You have to come out your foolishness. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. when when who which was um Gideon who them guys was talking about who is who is fearful go back home who just who just get married go back home who hungry go back home what you looking for you're looking for people who ready to fight ready to stand ready to be witnesses God don't need a crowd you know but God need genuine people praise God praise God David said what what did David said you come with me and she spare, but I come to you in the name of the Lord. Amen. What he's doing, he's glorifying God. I come to you in his name. Amen. Praise God. And I'm going to cut your head off. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we have to have visible evidence of purchase. Isn't that right? 2 Corinthians 3 2 3 says, "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men. For as much as ye have manifested, declared to be the epistle of Christ, minister to us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshly tables of the heart. That's the scripture, Brother. We are written epistles read of all men. That is, here we go. Your life read so loud to the public until your testimony. If it is contrary to your life, it's without any effect. It is what you are inside of you. Amen. That people read. Not so much what you see, but what you are. You can pin something on somebody and say this is that and so forth. But your life being different from what they say, your testimony, your life is louder than the testimony that someone could say something about you. So that just keep keep that in mind. We are bringing influences every day and the life that you live proves what's on the inside of you. You cannot change that. It reflects every person reflects outside what he has on the inside. Oh, give the Lord some praises tonight. Hallelujah. And if we take the testimony of being a Christian, I think that that is the most solemn thing that a man or woman, boy or girl could do when he takes on the name of Christ. That he's going to be a representative of Christ. You should watch every move you make because you why somebody is watching you. The risk is not worth it. That's right. Bible speak about the way of the transgressors is hard. You should talk to people who get backsliden and see what happened to them when they come to the Lord and the effect of their lives. And sometimes we have what you call unintended consequences of our words of our attitudes and of our actions. Now whether you jump or shouting it doesn't matter to me you know I have a word to deliver you know and I come here to deliver that you know I not come here to minister to how you feel and how you think you know I come here to minister because the spirit will pick up things people don't like that the spirit will pick up your spirit and the spirit will take you up by the word and minister to you to meet your very need because you just can't want to do your own thing and you'll find Not why remember you are living written pisses rid of all men. Now people many people won't read the Bible but God has made you a living representative. Hallelujah. You are a walking letter. You should be a walking Bible. Christ in you should be the walking word of God. Amen. Amen. And if you profess to be a Christian, your influence, what you are influencing will have to have an answer of many souls that you have turned aside from Christ. So people are Christian and you letting unbelievers lead you. And I know unbelievers leading you because you're not leading them. If you was leading them, you bring them to church. Them friends you have out there, the partners. Amen. How come we see your partners in church? Hallelujah. How come we see your friends in church? That mean they have more influence over you. They're leaving you out of church. Amen. But if you a leader under God, you know how to lead them because everything in life outside of serving Jesus Christ is waste of time. You have to leave back your car someday. That's right. What do you think from now? You live 100 120. Where you going with that? Amen. Hallelujah. Remember telling sister years ago said live for Christ and glorif you. That's right. Just think about that. You live with your child and my child. They get big and they go and they go away. I said live for Christ. How did say friend or no friend whether I maintain my family or not? Let me maintain Christ. Oh Lord is my prayer. Sink or drunk, friend on friend, let me maintain Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you put Christ first. Yes. Honor him. Worship him. Glorify him and he going to work things out for you. He's going to make a way for you. He say I'll be an enemy to your enemy. Glory to send my angel before you. You hear that? They not so secret agent. You know there is God's angel going before you. He said I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you even in you. That is God talking. You know I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Little while the world see me no more but you shall see me because I live. You shall live also. Who's speaking? That's God speaking. God can't lie. Man does lie but God can't lie. I am your healer. Okay, give the Lord a shout. I am your deliverer. The devil have your bong. I'm going to set you free. I'm going to free you from your past. I'm going to free you from your fears. Don't tell nobody. Don't tell nobody. Don't tell nobody. And get tire as as hell. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The birds seem to know better than humans. When a bird is weak and struggling, the other birds flying away to protect it because it doesn't have the strength of its wings to fly. So the others in the pack fly a certain way to keep that bird up. What the devil like is to take somebody aside and beat them. Put licks on you and your pride will kill you because you think nobody is going through. Nobody know what going through. Nobody calling me. Nobody fighting with me. I'm all alone and all back. You all alone. What is one devil fighting? Yes. Hallelujah. Did you ever clean classes with himself? You know, he toasting to himself, you know. He toast him because he have somebody go and cook. Yes. He's going to abuse and and and and and and break their spirit and let them fall in depression. Yes. And you keep them by yourself. Well, a private and you know a shy. Hallelujah. Stay shy. A private. Stay private. Devil will beat you privately. That's right. He will take you under shak. A weak stay weak. Hallelujah. What does the Bible say? Let the weak say I am strong. I am here. Tell me this morning. The weak say I am strong. There's a reason the Bible say you have to say that because the devil will anoint you with weak. Can't make it. Are young. All the lights out there. Bright lights. Bright lights kill you know. That's right. People leave trainer going on America and forget it. The lights kill them. That's right. Hallelujah. So you cannot expect a one to be a private me family and a nobody know. Devil ramp inside you. Devil living inside your house and you don't want nobody know. He building ceiling. He building roof. He go attic. Hallelujah. He improving the house because he want to live comfortable and you don't want nobody to know. Don't don't tell the ministry. Don't don't tell the ministry. Devil ch you're tearing out and pulling them to hell. Don't tell the ministry. Don't tell the ministry. They're on their way to hell. Don't tell the ministry. So there's a joke. We a comedy show. Then we just hear come to laugh and what entertainment. When Jesus came to the temple, he found the place where is written, the spirit is upon me. What for? For he had anointed me to do what? Set the captive free. Open the binding hands. Set at liberty them that are bound because we were born in sin. We were born in sin. Shame and iniquity. We have a chance. We don't have a opportunity to break out except grace come to us. And grace came to us in the person of Jesus Christ. That is why we're here this morning. Not because we righteous or we holy or we pure. Is because grace came to us in the person of Jesus Christ. And that is why we in service this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's a sad thing because some parents feel they can fix it. I come like a sister one time telling Anry she want Amry to talk to her daughter but she want to tell Anry what to tell her daughter. Well when you tell she yourself that's the amount of control they want to wait talk to my daughter and tell she this does she that touch. That's how it just work. Talk to you. That's right. Hallelujah. That's not how this work. But what they want is control. I don't want to do this. If you do this, I would tell the pastor because you want control. Control. Control. Manipulative control. God hates that because them little one mommy nice child. Rocking arm them little babies. Them babies. Big man in baby form. That's right. Big woman in baby form. You don't see them as big men yet. Yes. Because they are babies. But one day they're going to grow. They be taller than you. men and women on the earth. That's what God loves. He want to see a reproduction of the original green. God loves the day of Pentecost back to sons and daughters of God again. The whole creation has grown in for men to come to maturity. When I was a child, I spake like a child. I want to like a child. I can't be adopted as a child. But when I become a man, I have to put away childish things. There are certain things you have to put away. God is not going to put them away for you. You have to put them away. I'm not hearing it this morning. Amen. And I want to hear this morning, there are certain things you have to put away. You have to decide to act on what is bothering you and what is troubling you and what is affecting you. Do something about it. Hallelujah. [Applause] Brother say you are written epistles. I translate that. Turn it around. You are epistles that have been written because you can't add nothing to it. that is read of all men, manifested word of God. And Peter and John to show it, they went up there. They perceived they were ignorant and unlearned. They had no education, but had taken notice that they were with Jesus. They were ignorant and learned, but they were written epistles. See, read that they had been with Jesus because Jesus, here we go, was manifested himself through them. Amen. Christ veiled in their flesh. Amen. Manifested, made alive like it was in Moses. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So we have to be living evidence of purchase. Amen. So you can't be a Christian here and then you're playing mass outside tomorrow. You're a Christian on Sunday but tomorrow next day Monday you you know what you are. All right let's go. Let's go Bible. Now we know what happened in the garden of Eden. God put Adam and Eve. He said multiply, replenish the earth and a further revelation they were supposed to wait on to do that. God did not give them that revelation yet because God don't release all the revelations. God is unfold as you walk. Do you get that? God will give you a binoculars or a whole torch light from here to the destination. It doesn't work. So you are to walk and as you walk with this lamp of the light of the word, more begin to unfold. Amen. Your walk of faith opens up things to you. When you don't walk, you don't see what you're supposed to see. You can't stand still. Every place you put your foot is yours. So God expect action. God expect drama because the land he gives you have hittes, Jebusites, Philistines, all kind of ice on it. But it's your land. And God give it to you. It's deed to you. He hand it to you. He said this is yours. The only thing is you have to fight for it. Go give the Lord some praises. Praise God. Don't be like the message people entitled to it. Feel you're entitled to it. You entitled to You're entitled to fight for what you know is your own. This word is to convince you. This is yours. This is not I trying to play games with your mind. This is yours. God sent a prophet and he brought spirit given words or spirit spoken words. That's why we say what the tape say that you will know what came out the mouth of God through this prophet. And when you hear it and you receive it, when you hear it and you act on it, when you hear it and it bring it to your heart, it is yours. No devil could take that from you. Jesus told Peter, upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell can't prevail against it. Don't tell me no devil prevailing against you. You have no revelation. Said, ask God for revelation. Listen that revelation make will make you stand anyway anytime anybody's under any condition. That revelation make Abraham stand for 25 years without a child. Hallelujah. That revelation make David say I'll cut your head off. That revelation make Samson say once more Lord expecting power to come down. Revelation is something completely different. Re revelation make it radical. Revelation have no excuses. Revelation don't talk about a week and I can't make it and I'm struggling. Revelation never talk like that. Revelation say, "If the Lord be with me, I shall be able to drive them out." Revelation said, "Let us go up at once and possess this land for we are well able to take it." I'm not hearing you this morning. Amen. Let's turn on Tabernac. I'm not hearing you. Amen. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Revelation will say, "My child will be delivered. My daughter will be delivered. My husband will be delivered. I am going to be delivered. The church is going to be delivered. The B going to be delivered. Oh, glory to God. Revelation make your act completely different. [Music] So we read the scripture of Jeremiah to purchase the land. He asked for free, you know. I asked for land donation. It's to purchase it. Amen. He got the silver. He got the andw weigh it in the presence of witnesses. It's not a private thing. You know, you must people know I purchase it. And how much you purchase it for and have the evidence of purchase? Legal title. Amen. So this book that Adam had let's get down now. Adam must have called names. Your name. Amen. our name. Adam had the book and out of that book he was to speak for you. But because he fell, it fell into sex. That's why we in this condition right now. Hallelujah. But Jesus when when Adam lost the book, the devil looking to catch looking looking for D, looking for something to hold on to. He's a squatter. Remember he get boots out of heaven. Land of the devil and earth of the devil and no boots and come down on the earth. So this earth don't belong to no devil. He end up on the earth but it doesn't belong to him. It belongs to us. God prepared a place in the garden of Eden for the sons and daughters of God. It was prepared for us. Hallelujah. But because man fell it have the condition we in. Amen. So the book of deed or title or evidence that he had he lost it and it went back into the hands of the original owner. Amen. Oh, God himself holding that book. And that book was sealed with seven seals because Paul let can't let the devil see what's inside that book. He mustn't photocopy it. He can't look on it. He doesn't know what is sealed in it. He doesn't have the evidence of it. So God himself held that book. Oh, glory to God. Adam couldn't get it because Adam needed redemption himself. Oh, glory. Adam couldn't take the book. God cut Adam from the tree of life. But we had to get back because once a son, always a son. Amen. We have to get back into sunship. We have to get back into courtship. We have to get back to inheritance. And the only way to get it back is by that book because we have to have the evidence. Okay. The Lord has shouted the house. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So listen to this. Revelation 5. One sat on the throne with a book open. A book sealed rather with seven seals. Who is worthy to take the book? Who is worthy to take the book? Wait, what? Which man is worthy? Let a man move. Let a man move. Because the pope wasn't worthy. Them special pastor, apostle, prophet, teacher who is message pope them was not worthy. Let a man was worthy. All of a sudden the lamb, bloody bleeding lamb. Oh God, we could close off right here. That bloody bleeding lamb step forward. Now you know what Jesus died for. He had just died for your sins. He died to get the book. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout in the house. He had just died on the cross to die for your sins. He died to get that book. That book had a price. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That book had a price. It was a blood price. You had to pay it with his blood. [Applause] Therefore, I have a right to reject your deadness. To reject your deadness. When you understand this salvation we're talking about, it was paid with a heavy price. He died at Calvary. Oh, pay the price of his own blood to go and get that book to loose the names to call you in his last day. And you want to sit still. No message. People tell them for nothing. They are liars. There believe no message because when the lamb took the book John said all in heaven all under the earth. Third I John praise God he is worthy to take the book and to loose the seals thereof. Those seeds was knowledge. Glory to God. Those seeds was names. I'm not hearing you. I'm not hearing you. On the seat was names. [Music] Hallelujah. Let me say it. Good for you. You can't change your past, but God hold the mystery of your future. Give the Lord some praises. The devil don't hold your future. You know, God does. Your future is not defined by what your wife say. Your future is not defined by what your husband say or your mother or your father say. Your future is not defined by what pastor say. Your future is defined by what God say. And God can't lie. Oh give the Lord a shout. No aunt, no mother-in-law, brother-in-law, son-in-law, no kind of law could define what your future is. Outlaw and all. Oh give the Lord a shout in the pray. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord amen. I tell look to the minister association to define who I am. I tell somebody in a New York or America or somewhere in England somewhere or South America or Africa to define who I am. They crazy or what? Amen. God himself. Amen. Is who called you. Amen. No man can come except Yes, Lord. Your mother bring you, but your mother didn't call you. It's God that called you. Your father bring you, but your father didn't call you. It's God that called you. Somebody brought you to the building, but God had to speak to your heart. And when God speak to your heart, nobody can take that out. That God talk to you. Glory to God. Glory. When God talk to you, no man can cancel that. That cannot be cancelled. Who he found you, he called. Who he called, he justified. Who he justified, he already glorified. Oh God, I'm inspired this morning. The anointing is in this building this morning. We going to rock until we rock that devil right out. Give the Lord a shout. I'm looking for a mighty blast of the Holy Ghost this morning. I'm looking for a mighty outpouring of the spirit this morning. It's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason the people in the message fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Brother, now the forfeited title deed is now in the hands of the original owner, Almighty God. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it, Satan's dirty hands could not take it. So it went back to its original owner, God himself. When Adam forfeited it for wisdom instead of faith, that's the problem message right now. Full of wisdom instead of faith. It went back into the hands of the owner, almighty God, waiting. What is doing in the hands of God, waiting for redemption claims. Amen. Now watch these words. These words are very important. Waiting for what? That's why the voice said, "Who is worthy to take the book?" And the lamb came. I said, "Excuse me, class." He came and took the book. Now you see the lamb took the book. Let's go to version 10. And the voice said 8, go to the angel and clear your throat and ask for the book. Give me the book. And I took the book and did what? Eat the book. Not chew the book. They're not chewing gum. We chew after spit it out the service to you chew him when I know what John did. You know he eat the book he say sweet in the mouth. That's oh my. But in the belly when you have to stand for something when you have to tell your family and friends this is the word. When you have to tell your family you need a revival. When you have to tell your family you have to repent and get things right. When you have to talk to your sons. When you have to talk to your daughters, it's bitter, but you got to do it. It's sweet in the mouth. It's bitter in the belly, but you got to stand. You got to speak. You got to live. You got to act. You got to do. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Music] [Applause] He made a way for redemption. He made a way for back and someday redemption to take it. Waiting for redemption claim. It's redemption. What is this book of redemption? This title deed, this abstract title deed, its redemption means here what it means. Here what it means. All legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. It is legal possession to the abstract deed, title deed, eternal life means that you possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. Amen. I want to take this tonight and walk out with it. He is saying to me that this book means that you and I possess everything that Adam lost. Now I know some of you not saying amen. Some of you have seen Abraham half. Some of you wondering if you're still saying amen. Hallelujah. Because you can say you hand nothing and you possess nothing. But that doesn't matter. Amen. You could be a drunkard. You could be a prostitute. You could be a drinker, a smoker, ganja, taking drugs, and your uncle or some family member leaves some property or land for you. Yes. That have nothing to do with what you are. Yes. You could be a drunker, you're drunk, and you're staggering your street there and walk and somebody say, "Wake up. Hey, wake up, boy. Uncle Pastor and leave a deed and de when I get sober, come back and talk." When you get out your booze head and they get sober and they explain to you your uncle leave five acres here, 10 acres here, a house here. They say really what my brother he's a better man than me and he don't drink at all. You hear that your brother, but he didn't leave it for him. Your name is on the deed. Your name is on the document. And I'm a lawyer. We come to tell you what your uncle leave for you. Now you could sit down there and play foolish and do like if that doesn't spoke to you. Or you could sit there and say, "But listen, let me clear ahead. Let me drink some coffee instead of booze and let me get on to business now. Let me see. Wait a sign." Yes. And afterwards, you get you went to you go to properties that is yours. It have nothing to do with you're not deserving. You're unworthy. Your drink have nothing to do with that. It have to do what your uncle leave back. Amen. Well, Jesus died. Pay the price. Amen. For us to get back all animal lost. Amen. Not only did he die, he came back as the enforcer. He came back as the Holy Ghost. He came back as the enforcing power that you could ensure to ensure you get what he died for. I don't want nothing less than that. Look at me spoke word book and said Jesus died for me to read that. Don't come with it. He died for something more than that. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He died that I could be healthy. He died that I could be free. He died that I could be healed. He died that I could be free. [Applause] And brother Stephven sang this morning. The Lord save me. Why should I be bound? I've been baptized in Jesus name. Why should I be bound? Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. Don't let your gray hair be in vain. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. I don't understand when you're getting older like me. Got to stretch. Somebody tell me tell me stretch from the from on your bed. You start to stretch before you go just jump in the bed. Stretch in the bed. Stretch. Yeah. Well, you better stretch inside. Yes. Long time some you stretch. Your hands stick your hands stiff so long. Praise God. Your hands stiff. You better start to stretch. You know, start to fling your hand like that. Now these might get up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Legs tight. Praise God. Your knees can't bend. But we have that too, you know. But start to stretch a little bit now. If you're sitting down, shake a little limb. Let the devil know you're toe active. When I get off now, I say, "Lord, thank you for the activity in my body." Oh, give the Lord some praises. Ask my wife when I wake up. So I said I said see like this. I take my time to straighten up slow motion. Yeah. You can't do that too fast. Some people can't bend. You can't watch careful because you sure you're getting back up now. Are you not getting back up in a hurry? You have to walk. You have to walk a certain way. Hallelujah. [Applause] So this redemption mean all legal possessions to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. You said what ought that do to a born again Christian. It is legal possession of the abstract deed title deed of eternal life means that you possess everything that I'm lost. The possession of that deed. Amen. So when Peter said, "Here we go. Silver and gold have I none." But I have plenty of books for me. Come to give you this evening. That was not Peter said. He said, "Silver and gold have I none. Such as I have." What did he have? What did he have? He had the deed. He had the evidence of purchase. He had the Holy Ghost itself. Such as I have. I have it. I could give it. If I have it, I could give it. I cannot give what I don't have. But because I have it, I can give it. Rise up and walk in the name of Jesus Christ. It was tangible. Oh, it was evidence. It was real. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You say, "Brother, Peter, but you deny Christ. What's your lying mouth? Who cares about that?" What? The Lord saved me. So you want to point Peter to his past. Peter, you did this, you did that. But God cancelled that. And the abstract wipe out all of that. Amen. Mary Magdalene, the one that he cast out seven devils from that was in the upper room. God cancelled everything, you know. She was full of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Andrew, full of the Holy Ghost. Peter, full of the Holy Ghost. Phillip, full of the Holy Ghost. Give me a church full of the Holy Ghost. God will do in one year what all the theologians fail to do in 2,000 years. Give me a church in this message full of the Holy Ghost. It will shut the critics's mouth. Dynamics and mechanics together. The Holy Ghost riding the trail once more. The white horse rider. Oh, the Lord has shouting the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There'll be one more ride. I believe that the Holy Ghost is going to have one more ride with healing in his wings with signs and wonders and miracles. Every gift back in the church, there'll be one more ride. No devil could stop that. I'm here to prophesy that. I'm here to speak that. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. The blind going to see. The deaf is going to hear. The dead is going to be raised up. And there'll be a seventh revival. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory to God. I have a right to praise God this morning. is what living for glory. This is my heart's desire. I want to be an example seed son. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Let's continue. Adam could not meet the requirements of redemption after he found he lost it. He had sinned. He had separated himself from God and was on this side of the chasm and he could not redeem it. He couldn't do it because he needed redemption himself. So he couldn't do it. Amen. But the law, God's law, required a kinsman redeemer. The law of God required a kinsman redeemer. Amen. My God. My God. Not an angel to redeem. It must be one of us. One like us, a human being. Isn't that right? But God's law, watch, watch, receive a substitute. And if God had not offered to take a substitute, but hear this, love constrained him to do it. That man was without a way back. There was no way for him to get back. He was gone. But the grace of God met this kinsman redeemer in the person of Jesus Christ. God's law required an innocent substitute. And who was innocent? Every man that was born sexual after sex. everyone and the only one that wasn't had forfeited rights had to be the king of the earth. When I think of the scripture, thou has redeemed us back to God and we may reign as kings and priests. Notice the law required a kinsman redeemer and redeem a lost substance. Grace met this requirement in the person of Jesus Christ. Amen. God required a kinsman and he must be a human. He couldn't be an angel. He had to be a man because we are not kin to angel. We are kin to one another. The angel never fell. He's a different kind of being. He got a different body. Never sin or nothing. He's different. But the law required a kinman redeemer. And the virgin birth produced to prod. The virgin birth produced our kingdom redeemer. He was almighty God become Emmanuel. One of us. The kingdom redeemer was met. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. So when Mary b Jesus that was the kingdom redeemer. He had to grow up now. The life had to unfold now. He had to go through his process now. He had a fancy min ministry, a nice ministry start up with signs and wonders, healing the sick, open the blind eye. But that wasn't the end game. The end game was to go to Calvary. But to go to Calvary, he healing the sick. He take bread and multiply it. He rebuked the storm. He demonstrated power. He raised Lazarus from the dead. And the enemy start to get more and more and more to come against him. He had a traitor in the church named Judas's Scariot. Isn't that right, to sell him out for 30 pieces of silver? But he knew he was God in service to die. He knew he was going to pay the price because in paying the price, he will get you back. He will get us back. He will take us back. Oh, give the Lord some praises. In paying the price, he can free you from your fears, from your pride, from your lust, from your jealousy, from your envy, from your cannality. Give the Lord some praises this morning. [Applause] Amen. So when they say who's worthy, here comes the lamb. Right hear this part. I have now made intercession for them. And now hear this. Write with me now. I want you to believe what is being said. We're not talking fairy tale. This not a novel. Somebody read fiction, non-fiction, somebody had ideas. This is not that. This is the word. Now hear what say. I am the kinsman. I am their redeemer. I now make intercession for them. But now I come to claim their rights for them. Oh, you mean this book tied with your rights. Without the book, you don't have the rights really because the books itself is an evidence. Hallelujah. So you see what Jesus come for the book for? He said, I come to claim their rights. Amen. They have a right to everything that lost in the fall. Amen. And I pay the price. Oh brother, don't that make you feel religious. Not by good works we have done, but by his mercy. He said, "Wait a minute. Them elders begin to throw off their crowns and dignitaries begin to get on the ground. No one could do it." He said, "I am the mediator. My blood was shed. I have become man. I did this in order to get that church back again. The one that I foraw before the foundation of the world. I have purpose it. I spoke that it would be there and nobody is able to take it. I went down there myself. I am their kinsman. I become their kins folk. Oh, glory to God. What an act. What an act. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, he has the title to redemption. He has it in his hand. Watch this now. And the title of redemption of all creation is in his hand. And he come to claim it back for the human race. Not claim it back to angels. Claim it back to the human. You get the bomb now. Which it was given for to make sons and daughters of God again. So this book, this sealed book was given to make sons and daughters of God. Amen. That is why Jesus said you must be born again of the word and of the spirit and this is the word. This is the written word and he came to bring the spoken word which is the original seed. And as you receive the original seed, you could be born by the spirit and by the word truly born again. Give the Lord some praises. So he claim it back to human which it was given for to make sons and daughters of God again. Not to argue again. Not to say well I seen it so and people all seen it so they wear all kind of different color shades. They're not clear at all. So because you wear green shades, you know what happen? Everything seem greener. But you don't know they give you a green shade. Look at it. a green on your eye when you look around everything. Woo! Life is green, boys. Yeah. Because of what you're wearing. If you get the clear glasses now, you recognize different. So, it was given to make sons and daughters of God again to bring them back to Eden. Isn't that right? Amen. But I thought I was tired, but now I'm getting too old to preach. He said, "I get thinking I'm a young man again." He said, "Watch, somebody paid a price that I couldn't pay." Amen. That's right. He did it for me, Charlie. He did it for you. He did it for the whole human race. And he comes forth to claim his redemptive rights. Claim it for who? Not for himself. For us. Yes, sir. He is one of us. He is our kins folk. Amen. He's my brother. He's my savior. He is my God. He's my kinsman redeemer. He's all for what I was am without him. Praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So watch. He said, "Don't weep, John. Here comes the lion. He had prevailed. And when you look, here come a lamb. Watch. Here come a lamb has been slain. And he come forth. What is it? I come to make his claim on redemption. He's done the kinsman work of redemption. Here we go. But has not yet called for his claim. Amen. So he comes on the scene to claim his rights. So first he a claiming he getting you just yet. He's claiming the rights for you. And it come down as a mystery. Amen. that is sealed in the word and he said the mystery of God comes down from God as the word of God and reveal the revelation of God. So then when we preach the word you getting the mystery in the form of the word your rights coming to you and understanding open up to you of what you can claim. Amen. So you may not know you could claim your healing effectively or claim your deliverance or claim your breakthrough or claim a revival or claim the deliverance of your family and home. So you don't know that you leave everything as is. But once you know that you could begin to work on your husband in prayer, work on your children in prayer. Work on your finances in prayer. When you pray in secret, your father received in secret going to reward you openly. Don't work on your phone. Work [Applause] He comes down to claim. He come down and do the kinsman work but has not yet called for his claim. He come to claim the rights for them. Watch what take place. Watch for he become a kinsman redeemer to die in his place to redeem. Watch his the days of intercession is over. Let him that f the still. This the land anointing him righteous righteous still holy still and so on like that. Now watch, he is stepping forth from eternity to take the title leaded book and to break the seals and reveal the mysteries when of it at the end time. Amen. So watch this. Let's put this here as Genesis the fall. Let's put this aside here as the end time. This book that went back in the original owner wait all these years for the end time. Amen. So the breaking of the seals is evidence. We are actually at the end time. Not the manifestation of what the seals have in it yet. Just the breaking of it. Because in Revelation 10, a mighty angel came out with the book. This time not closed but open. So this book that was once sealed that Adam lost redemption claim come back and the end time here a prophet a seven angel messenger right underneath there to catch this open book. Amen. that this mighty angel brought and this prophet now give it out to the bride in books and tapes and send ministers and preachers behind it to say the same thing to reiterate what was promised and bring a prophetic vision that you could see where you belong what you have to go into what you have to become as sons and daughters of a god according to the statue of a perfect man that was the prophetic vision he released glory to God first seal history second seal history third seal history fourth seal praise God poss right Fifth seal soul on the altar. Sixth seal judgment. But the seventh seal that connected the bride because seven thunders under there and those seven t what g the bride together. Your name was under the seventh seal. Your name not in history. H history already made up already. You can't go back to the bride in some other age. You are in this age. So your connecting seal to heaven to glory to translation is the seventh seal. Oh glory to God. The seal that end everything. It ends time. Oh it ends struggling nature. What can the Lord a shout? It end the vials, end of the plagues, end of the woes, it end everything. This breaking of the seventh seal. And he said at the vision of the seventh seal, we supposed to be all the way up there. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Living faith, living virtue, living knowledge. We supposed to be up on top of brotherly kindness at the finishing of the seventh seal where the Holy Spirit could come down. Oh, glory to God. Like the anointing on Aaron's spear, the oil running down. The charity oil coming up upon you. Victory in the love divine. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Love the burn of perfectness coming over you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. That's where we supposed to be at. At the finishing of the seven seal. Glory to God. Let America do their thing. Let Putin do his thing. Let Russia do their thing. But the bride going to do our thing, too. We're going to make a church. They're going to make a revival. Come on, saints. You could do better than that. Come on, saints. You could press this battle. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Come on, saints. [Applause] [Music] Let me make that statement again. The opening of the seals confirm that we are the end time. Amen. When Daniel was trying to understand some stuff, God tell Daniel, "Go thy way." The book is sealed till the time of the end. So we see the book unsealed unsealed since ' 63. So right now we in overtime right now a prophet stood in the 50s and said when to take the pope out of America. You know long that you know how long we watching that quote. We watching that quote for donkey years this year. Scripture fulfilled. Amen. But he just didn't say the pop of America, you know, he said other things too. When you see that, like a typost, like a signpost. When you see that, you understand what is next. So you can't sit down here in La La Land. Your com your sleep line like Morph just take a hold up on you. You're snoring, you're sleeping away. You can't sit here like in La La Land. He put it as a post when you see the Pope taken out of America. But wasn't a mad man. It means his, you see, that's what a prophet does. He goes into the future. Goes into the spirit realm. Goes in the future. See the future and come back and say, "Thus say the Lord." That must happen. He sees it already in the future. It might be 50 years, 60 years. He say, "I see the bright is called. I see she's sealed into the kingdom of God." He went into the future and see the bright sealed and come back and say, "She is sealed." Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Jeremiah had to get it sealed and then put the seal thing in vessels. God get the seals and put the seals in you in your earthn vessels. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Because you are sealed with the book. Do I hear a shout in the house? You are sealed with the book. The same seven seals have to seal you. Seven seals, seven spirits, seven thunders, seven voices. You can't break that. Oh, give the Lord some praises. No man could break that. Grave not the Holy Spirit, whether you are sealed in seven parts until their redemption. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, what he say now? He break the seals when? At the end time and release all the mysteries to the seven angel whose message is to reveal all the mysteries of God. Amen. Not the messenger and another man. Not the messenger man from Trinidad. Not the messenger man from Europe or anywhere else. This messenger of Malachi 4 is to reveal all not here reveal something. You know we need a revealer coming a mini revealer. You know, this is the word here. The mystery of God lays in these seven seals. And the lamb come forth. Now watch. Nobody could take the book. It's still in the hands. No pope, no priest, whatever it might be, could take that book. Isn't that right? He come forth to take the book to reveal the mysteries of God that other have guessed. Isn't that right? All right. Let me skip that. Here we go. So he got the title deed of redemption within his hands. He said, "Then he claims his inheritance." That's the church, the bride. He claims it. What does he do then? He disposes of his contestant, Satan chose him into the lake of fire. He is king now. Mercy is still on the throne. Won't you reject his offer? Watch. He's claiming I can do with them. That's Satan now claiming I can do with them what I want to. I still have them. They are mine. They forfeited their title back there. Satan could stop that talk. They forfeited the title back there in Genesis. But watch but he now is the kinsman redeemer. Amen. He is back here making intercession now. But someday he will say the Satan say I put them in the grave. But he told the church I'll bring you out. So Satan making boing them in the grave. And Jesus I'm going to bring them out. I put this one in the grave but I'm going to bring them out. Death had no power over the bloodwashed one. Hallelujah. Amen. So watch, he calls the contestant hand Satan. They are mine now. I raise them up from the grave. And he takes all the liars and the perverters of the word and all that with Satan and destroy them in lick of fire. Here we go. All right. So this is the part we want to get down to now. When a person struck with disease, aches, pains, one time, they wasn't that way, but they're grown in. Why? They're not right. So you guys say, "Glory to God. Thank you, Lord, for the diabetes. Thank you. Hallelujah. High blood pressure. Hallelujah. This is the will of God for be high blood pressure. Satan say that's right. Satan go. Amen. Satan say amen. Will of God be sick. What's what's a bad thing? The second have to be God. You see why I'm getting that? I want to rock you because how many you too comfortable in your business. That's right. I want to disturb your spirit because some you lazy. And when you're lazy, you accept things as you know. That make good claims. When Baron was sick and doctor gave up on him and whatn not he said the devil say nothing. He said he he push it down your throat. He was vomited up. He push said I I think I um by stripe I'm healed. Amen. He vomit. He put it back. By stripe I'm healed. He do stop vomiting. He say he was lying. He wasn't lying. He said was confessing what God said. By stripe I'm healed. And he was healed. He make a determination of healing his mind. Amen. This woman with the blood issue. She wasn't a Christian. She wasn't a Baptist be believer waving spoken book and singing specials. No, she was an unbeliever person. But she heard about Jesus. Her husband tell her, "Don't go to that noisy church." And she told herself that morning. I think the doctor take the last of the money. I But if I go just touch him, I'll be healed. Amen. And God set it up for her to press. Notice God said Jesus on her throne and say, "Now we glor." And she just come and touch the hair. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. That's your expectation. People expecting message Jesus be sitting waiting on them. Jesus have nothing else to do. He's idle. He's waiting sitting on waiting to come touch the end of the garment. Touch. Give a test. Saints are touch. But no, when she come a press around him, all kind of big hard back men, all kind of characters, unbelievers, make believe, you name it. And she pushed. She had to push because she said touch. Yes. Not when I wave to him, he'll be healed. She didn't say that. She said touch the hem. So she had to get to the him where the hem is. All the men around the hem. Women all the way around. She had to push press. And when she did get to touch, he said, "Who touched my clothes?" Because she made a withdrawal and he felt it. He said, "I felt virtue left me." That mean he had it to give it. He had it to release it. He had it that he could draw from it. Oh, the Lord has shouted the house. Oh, this is real. Note what Jesus told the woman. Thy faith had made you whole. He never say my virtue hold you heal you. He say your faith because you see to get the virtue you have to have faith and she demonstrated she had the faith to receive a healing. He said by faith have made you whole. what you have here this morning. Some of you don't even have faith to praise God because if you open your mouth and give God praise, you're showing faith that you believe what God promised for you, it going to come to pass. Abraham stagger not at the promise of God through I cannot understand churches that are dead. Churches without praise and worship. I cannot understand that. That's a mystery to me. I don't know what sea under. That's a mystery. That is a mystery. That's a mystery. I have no revelation of talk about your name of the book. name on your book and you're not acting like John. Come on. The Bible said I read and John show with the book and he sat down and he just he say oh my thank you Lord my name is in the book. Glory hallelujah. And John stick his hand up like this. John shake his head. People don't know the Bible. Even the elders and all elders when take the book the elder sat down there and say want me crown shake. I'm my elder too long. How you going to look? How you going to look then the crown pelt left and right after they worship they pick up the crown crown fall down elder on the floor elder jumping with the prison so much of noise I can't see elder all in heaven all angels thousand 10 thousand what el talking about what position you talking about my elder what that what is that a non worshiping what is that elder who haven't seen his name why you elder you haven't seen your name if you see your name going to rejoice. If you see any going to shout if you see any going to thank God because millions were lost when you were called over. You are one in a million. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you don't know what to thank God for, thank God for your hands. Thank God for your feet. Thank God for your mouth. Thank God for your eyes, people. Some people can't see. Some people can't hear. Some people can't speak. Some people can't walk. Some people don't have their hands. Give the Lord some praises. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God for the activity in your limbs. [Music] Somebody want to take your seat. You know, somebody will take your seat. You don't like it, somebody going to take your place. God going to bring it from the east, west, north, and south and sit down in your seat and give God praise. When they tell Jesus, your disciples making too much a noise, too much a noise. He said if they don't praise God, the rock going to cry out. [Music] Jesus never bother with their no noise request. [Applause] Jesus never bother with their lower volume request. He said if they don't make noise, the rocks going to cry out. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. You talk about worship. Oh, glory to God. When John stood, when the lamb took that book, it means Theo going free. When the lamb took the book, it mean I'm going to be filled with the Holy Ghost. When the lamb took the book, it mean I'm going to be a doctor. When the lamb took the book, the devil is on the run. Oh, glory to God. When the lamb took the book, all of that I'm lost. We getting back. We getting back spoken with power. We getting back power over the elements. We get power over diseases, power over sickness, power over all manner of diseases. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. He could heal cancer. He could heal tumor. He could heal heart condition. Oh, glory to God. He could heal your liver, your kidneys. He could take away your arthritis problem. Come on, give the Lord a shout. God's not dead. [Music] Hallelujah. Let [Applause] me see this. When somebody struck with a disease, aches, pains, they're groaning. Why? They're not right. There's something wrong. They're groaning trying to get back to where they was at health. And then the nature with people Bible are groaning shows that they need. They're not in the ought to be condition. They're falling home somewhere. We don't need anybody to interpret that for us. We know it was eternal life. Hallelujah. They lost their claims on eternal life by the fall of Adam and Eve who fell from eternal life to death in the garden of Eden and brought nature under them to death. You think Adam taught nature was going to fall? No. Adam, God spoke to Adam long before Eve come. God tell Adam of all the trees they may eat that tree don't touch that tree. The day you eat you shall surely die. God didn't tell that to Eve. Go tell that to Adam. Amen. When Eve come and his Adam had to teach his wife this three daughter Satan through the serpent didn't come to Adam you know he came to Eve where your husband he going to work hallelujah you know the story she should have run him straight out say when he come back come back now when she stopped to talk to him not slicker he was real slick he said what did God say because God not speaking to me she said God said very innocently God say we can eat all the tree and we eat that tree will die. Come on man, you shall not shout. Hear what God know? God know then the revelation break upon you. So your eyes will be open. You'll be wise. You'll be like God. You'll get access to higher knowledge. You might even think you are the Holy Ghost. That's how far you will think it. You just be like God. You and God is one. You say is so anytime you say is so trouble is so in my early days before Christianity I used to be doing yoga folding my leg trying to meet God and and block some rampant all kind of books reading and thing like that but they say you'll be one with God when you breathe in breathe out I breathe in and I breathe out I breathe in and I breathe out and when I finish Same T was still there. Same nature, same person. I say what is this? I am one with nothing. I want one with myself. Re this is fraud. This is fraudulent. I breathe in. I meditate. I feel calm and everything else. Afterwards, I recognize this is ridiculous. When I think transformation, the same old me. I get up there, same me. Anger, temper and you know what I mean? I'll fight a B. This a change nobody. This is this is corruption. Hallelujah. Eastern philosophy trying to tap my mind because I hungering for God but I don't know who God is. So one day s bypass walking I said God I don't know who you are. Are you praying now? Could you reveal yourself to me this year? And that year which is 974 December I was walking asking God I don't know who you are. Could you reveal that year 1975 is when I get blessed in Jesus name. Amen. He revealed himself to me that year, 1975, and I can't look back. Can't look back. [Applause] So when somebody say there's God and there's the Holy Ghost and exist, I know it's trouble like Hinduism. Are you pastor already? They're not a new revelation, you know. That's a old one. And them had it first. Yes. Does anybody have that? Now that the fresh revelation you can find that on the hidden wisdom. Jesus said, "Receive the Holy Ghost." The Holy Ghost. You have to receive that. You can't be that. You have to receive that. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Receive ye the Holy Ghost. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. There's something that's come upon you. When it come upon you, you have different person all together. When the spirit come upon Samson, he dipped this. He dipped that. Glory. Hallelujah. One time they lock Samson in boy, they close the gate. You know them days have wall and gate and post and thing like that. They lock Samson finish. We catch him now. Lock him. When Samson the gates didn't stop, you know. S take up gate with post. Now it's one thing to remove the gate, you know. But the post too, you can't even hang back the gate. Oh, glory to God. He he take up the gate plus the post the gate was on. They have to get a post first before they hang that gate. Samson wasn't stopping, you know, because Sam revelation that thy seed shall possess the case of the enemy. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Samson knew. When you're walking, keep walking. Conquer everything in front of you. When you leave here, you're walking like a conqueror. You're walking like a victor. When you leave here, your head, you have to overcome. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Oh my my my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hear them. Now, Adam and Eve, in the beginning, there was a tree of right and wrong before them. And you say, "Well, it's their fault." No. Now, it isn't. It's your fault. You can't place it on Adam now. You got to place it on yourself because right is set before you. We on the same basis as Adam and Eve. Here we go. This part I want to get to. But you see, when we are redeemed, we no more want our own choice, but we want his choice. So this particular part is evidence of somebody that has been redeemed. They surrender. They don't want their own choice. They want God choice. That's why on my job, the first thing I tell people, I'm a Christian. But the first thing to the boss, to the workers, I'm a Christian. Amen. I let them know what I am. Yes. And the reason I'm doing that is because I felt that I'll be held accountable because I give a testimony. I'm a Christian. But if I don't, I'm a Christian. They don't know. That's right. So they pass a little drink and I'll take a little thing. Nobody know. You see what I'm talking about? Amen. But when you see you say a Christian and they pass the drink, they know Christian don't drink. But after a Christian when they start cussing because overcoming overcoming overcoming because they know I am not in the cursing environment and Baram say but after a while they respect the presence of God with you. Amen. Amen. So I know by experience what it is to live and have a Christian testimony on the job. Amen. I remember one time a girl I used to do some of her work for her. She was my boss at one time and um this was experiences that I've been through and some she had a business outside and she was doing a business coming late and everything else and I kind of cover one day Holy Spirit spoke to me said people and these were the words people don't respect you for what you give into people respect you for what you stand for. So I told her I would no longer do that. She was furious but afterward she respected me. Yes, I learned from that. You could please people too much. You could please people because you don't want to get upset. You you rub people the wrong way. Cut that nonsense out there. Amen. God is not that. People don't respect you for what you're giving to. Afterwards, you take like a sponge and you just wash rub every place with you. You use like a dish rub and you just rub you. You want to say clean something cola and you know so I had to tell her this is my job and that is your job. I am not using your job. That's right. Even though you my boss people respect you for what you stand for. Not what you're giving to. Stand for something. Give your testimony. This has to be visible. This has to have evidence with it that you believe what you believe. Say what you believe. So when we are redeemed, we no more want our own choice. Amen. We want his choice. Get this partner. Grace produced the person of Jesus Christ. Right. Christ this bomb has redeemed us now. We are now redeemed. But he has not claimed his possession yet. Amen. Now, brother Bam knew this was going to be a little controversial thing. So he said, "Now you might different with that, but hold a minute. He hasn't claimed it. He took the book of redemption. Everything that Adam had, everything that he lost, Christ redeemed back. He already redeemed us. But he hasn't took the possession yet. Amen. He cannot until the time appointed. Amen. And then will come the resurrection. Then the earth will be renewed again. And then he will take possession. His possession which he got when he redeemed us. But it will do it at the appointed time. Amen. Hallelujah. Now we see from this great plan of redemption is when and how it's going to be done. It is all hidden in this book of a mystery. It is sealed here with seven seals. Question. Are you ready? Question and answers. Brother Brham Brother. Is it true that every Jew since Christ would be saved? Who are who and who are the 144,000 are they the predestinated ones to be se with the Holy Ghost? And what is their mission? There's about three questions in there. The first one is it true that every Jew born since Christ came into the world will be saved. No. Nothing will be saved. Only those names were put on the lamp book of light for the function of the world. Jew or Gentile. That's all. Here we go. Are you ready? The book holds that mystery. And the book is only unfolding it now. Not each one's name, but what the mystery of the book is while it is calling those names. Amen. So when the word is being preached, your name is being called. The word is unfolding the mystery of your name. That is why you say amen. That is why you respond to it. He says, but what the mission of the book is while it is calling those names. You understand that? Now the book doesn't say now leave veil is to be saved in the time of this age or man. It doesn't say that. It just shows the mystery. It unfolds the mystery of what the thing is and we ourselves by faith believe it. Oh, glory to God. That's what I said the other night. Somebody said, "Well, there's no need of me trying it, Brother Brandham. There's only going to be one save out of Jville. It's showing a parable. That isn't it. There might be thousand save. I don't know. I hope every one of them is saved. I don't know. But here's the way I want you to believe it." Listen, I am that one. You believe the same for you. If you don't, then something wrong with your faith. Amen. So anytime you drop and say you know well you're trying already predestinate call already call I done you are done. Amen. If you don't there's something wrong with you. Praise God. Amen. All right. Let me see if we can wrap up here. So watch Ephesians 1 said in whom you trusted after you heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation. in whom after you believe you were sealed with that holy spirit of promise which is the earnest or the down payment of inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession. Now remember our redemption wasn't free. It cost. We were purchased by his blood. That is what the whole gospel is about. Purchased by the blood. Isn't that right? Now here he says here now. Now while we got the scripture open the Holy Spirit itself is a seal. Yes sir. The Holy Spirit is a seal. A seal signify what? A finished work. The Holy Spirit is being a sealed to the individual and to that individual when he received the Holy Spirit. His time of groaning is over. Amen. I used to work in a railway company and we load a box car with different things cannon factory and so on and the inspector come around to see that car was properly loaded and he would ram things together. It is scatter and stuff and break it. The inspector the railroad would be responsible and that inspector would test everything to see if it was properly in place. If it wasn't, he condemned the car. And we have to go over again until the inspector is satisfied. Are you ready now? That is what the Holy Spirit have been doing. He goes and he inspects. Yes. Did he say the pastor goes and inspect? So why you looking for me to come and inspect? I'm not coming to inspect. I am not the inspector. Sorry. That is not my calling. The Holy Ghost inspects. Isn't that right? And that's the reason you can't have these things. I spoke with tongue. shouted. The Holy Spirit inspects that person until he is thoroughly satisfied. Amen. And know what they are and then they are sealed until their destination can be. Hold that word redemption until the day that the book of redemption has been revealed and the redeemer comes forth to claim his possession. Nothing else can do it. So a seal signify what? A finished work. And when the seventh seal is broke, the mystery of God, that seal in this mysterious seals is finished. Amen. If a man is wondering what's in that box car, it's supposed to be such and such. He's presuming when the seat is broken, the door is open. Praise God. Hallelujah. Is the seven virtues seven does this, the seventh that? Don't worry, it going to break. And when it break, you're going to you're going to see all what it is. Oh, glory to God. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. A seal signifies ownership. We're almost done. The seal has a mark on it. It shows ownership. Yes, sir. Praise God. Transfer from Satan's things to God's things. The seal put ownership on it. Abraham talk about them days are cattle branding. You put it in the fire and when you brand the cattle so they can't do they can't do that. Ouch. I get branded. See you have to tie down the capital when you put that you cinch them you know and when you let them loose just that they going crazy. But when they finish and they cool down they have been branded. Oh glory to God. So if you're going crazy a little bit only for a short time, but you know the brand coming on you, the brand of the Holy Ghost. Another thing to seal is security. Seal means that you are secured. Now notice this book is sealed. Are you ready? And you are sealed with the book. Amen. Until the day of redemption. So we're not quoting madness. We're not talking mad. You are sealed with the book. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Glory. Jeremiah, evidence of purchase. My God. Don't you see in the shadows? We are now living by the evidence of the new land. Amen. The son of man. Amen. So, brother Brandham himself was evidence. Yes, sir. Of this new land. Amen. His life, his ministry, the power demonstrated through him was evidence of this land. Noah's ark was evidence that it was going to be safe from the flood. Noah building the ark. The ark was tangible. The ark was in front of them. Noah was saying by faith by faith make it flood coming in by faith and building ar you have all the dimensions to build the but you go by faith by faith. Stop talking by faith and start to build. Amen. Start to work. Work till Jesus come. Isn't that right? So William Brandon himself was the evidence of the promised land. He demonstrated power from the other side. Listen what the prophet says. Here we go. I say this my friend to every one of you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that every person in here was healed when Jesus died at Cal. It's your possession. I asked you to raise your hands who was Christians. Your hands went up everywhere. Then he said these words, you have a legal right to everything that Jesus died for. He died his death there at the cross and give his life that you might have the legal rights to every redemptive blessing he died for. It is yours. You are afraid to possess it. You are afraid to claim it. Musician come please. Musicians. Hallelujah. So the same way God redeems the earth, he redeems the man, the individual. Amen. Water baptized in Noah's day. His blood was shed on Jesus day and the earth is about to receive a fire baptism. But the righteous walk on the ashes of the wicked and hear the words. Here his words. He does the earth that he's going to use in the plan of redemption. But see the same way it repented and was baptized in water by Noah. Jesus come and sanctify it by the dripping of his blood upon it and claimed it. And the new earth that is to come is to have holy fire baptism to cleanses of every devil, every germ, every sickness, everything there is and make it a new. Amen. I saw a new heaven and a new earth. Here we go. Listen to church. Write with me. I'm closing. You become a new person. Not just a old patched up one by joining church or turn a new page. Amen. You are a complete brand new unit. God takes the old man and burns him completely out with the Holy Ghost and fire and comes himself and sends down your representation. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Could we all stand? The Holy Ghost fire. Hallelujah. God come down and send down your represent. Let's praise him tonight. Heavenly Father, we praise you and we bless you and we worship you, Father God. I pray the anointing will come and fill every heart, every house just as it did in the upper room. Lord, they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and tongues of fire lit upon them. Bless your people this evening. I pray in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise the Lord. Just raise your hands and give him praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Just close your eyes, raise your hands, and praise him this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your word, Lord. Thank you for words of life, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise him. Praise him this evening. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Savior. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Wonderful. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] sing all the day long. This is my song. Oh, this is my song. Hallelujah. Oh, praising my name. Oh, all the day long. This is my story. Sing this is my bless. Hallelujah, Lord. Praise. [Music] Oh, hallelujah Lord. This is Oh yes, Lord. Praising my Savior. Oh, all of Oh, one more time. Oh, and this is Oh Lord, praising. Oh, [Music] hallelujah Lord. This is Oh yes Lord. Oh I'm crazy. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, as the music plays, you talk to him this evening. Oh, just open up your hearts to him this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. You are the evidence of his purchase this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, glory to God. You cry out to him this evening. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, Father. Blessed be your name, Lord. Take a moment and praise him. Call upon your father this evening. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah, Lord God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to [Music] God. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Somebody praise him. Somebody cry out to your father this morning. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Oh, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Thank you Jesus. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. With all that's within me, with all that is within me, I give you praise. I give give you praise. All that I [Music] adore. Oh, let's give him our heart this morning. Oh Lord, I give you I give you my soul. Oh, I'll make it a prayer this morning. Sing it out to him and slow every moment. Have Lord have Lord I give you. Oh Lord, I give you. Oh surrender to him. give you my soul. Close your eyes and sing it unto him. Ohord. Oh Lord, oh Jesus. [Music] This is my desire. Sing. This is my Jesus to honor you. [Music] Lord, I worship you with all I have within me. With all I have you praise my praise all that I [Music] adore is in you. you, oh Lord. [Music] Sing it back onto him. For you, Lord, oh, every breath that I take, breath that I Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. One more time. Oh Lord, I gave you [Music] my soul. Oh Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord God. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory. Oh, let me Oh, Lord. Let me have your way. [Music] In me. I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself. Oh, you consecrate yourself to him this morning. Oh Lord. I give myself so. Here I am. Here. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to [Music] seeord your desires revealed in me. To see your desires revealed in me. Oh, I'll give myself away. Who's going to give the sound this morning to him? Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Who can use me? I give myself away, Lord. Oh, I give myself. Oh, take my heart. Take my take my life. as a living sacrifice. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. All my dreams, oh my, all my plans, oh Lord, I place them in your hands. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. I give myself away. Give myself away. Lord. Oh, I give myself. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, raise your hands. Oh, I give myself. Oh, my life is not my own. Sing. My life is not. To you I belong. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own thing. To you. Oh I give my without the music. Everybody sing. Oh my life is not my own. Sing. My life is not my own. To you I belong. You I belong. I give myself. I give myself. I give my one more time. My life is not my own. Say my life is not my own. Oh hallelujah. I give myself. Oh just give him praise this morning. Just praise him. Give him the Lord a shout of praise. You give him praise this evening. Open your mouth and praise him. Just praise him this evening. Hallelujah. You saw your name under the seventh seal. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. You're a son of God this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can go free. Who the son of God set free is free indeed. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. You are a child of the king. Praise God. Amen. Yes, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are evidence that he purchased. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Give him a shout of praise. One more time. Give the Lord praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh. Sing my life is not my own. All to you. Oh, I give myself I give Well, give yourself back over to him this morning. My life is not my own. Hallelujah. Oh, you are the Lord of my life. You are the ruler. You are my master. You are my savior. Oh, I give myself I give myself away. [Music] Oh Lord, I give myself away so you one more time. I give myself away. Oh Lord, I gave myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Somebody give yourself over to him this evening. Just close your eyes and surrender to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Don't look around. Just surrender your all to him this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, this is your time right now. You call upon him. You surrender. You surrender. Don't leave this place without surrendering your altar. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your wonderful name. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Give him a praise. You wave your hands and just praise him this morning. Tell him how much he means to you. Tell him how much you love him. Hallelujah. Oh, you are evidence of purchase this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are a miracle. You are one in a million. You're a child of God this morning. You're a son of God. You're a daughter of God bought with a price. Praise God. He will never leave you nor forsake you. You are his child. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Savior. Glory to God. Amen. [Music] Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Oh, how many want to fill in? How many want to refill in? My is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweet over my soul. Just one more time before we pray. Sweep over, oh my soul, sweep my soul, oh sweet. Oh, may the Holy Spirit pour out upon us tonight. Oh Jesus. Yes Lord. May we never leave the same way we came. Father, oh yes Lord Jesus, my rest is complete. While I at your feet, Lord, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. But one more song. Reach up. Oh, and reach up and touch the Lord. Oh, he's passing by. He's passes by. You will find. You will find he's Oh, he's passing right by the sea. Oh, Jesus. He is mad. Sing by this moment. Oh, your need. Do you have a need tonight? Do you have a need this? Oh Jesus, reach out. Enter the Lord as he passes. Reach out and reach. Reach out and touch the Lord for as he can. You will find he's not too busy to hear. Oh, he is passing by. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Reach up. Reach out and tell people. Oh, you reach out for a few moments this morning. Reach out in prayer. Reach out in praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Fill your people, Lord. Inspire people, Lord. Anointed people, Father. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, may your Holy Spirit pour out in this place today. Oh, changing life, transforming hearts, Lord. Oh, hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, praise God. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Praise the wonderful name. Somebody reach out this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, he's passing right by you this morning from heart to heart, from bench to bench. Oh, how many wants to fill him? How many want to refill him? Reach out this morning. Oh, hallelujah. He died for you. He died for you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Your name is in the book this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. and touch the Lord as he [Music] says. Oh yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Savior. Thank you master. Praise God. Amen. God bless you. Amen. How many appreciate the service this morning? Appreciate the Lord. Amen. Amen. Goba said, "We ourselves become evidence of the purchase." Amen. Glory to God. Amen. You are a miracle. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You're one in a million. Amen. Appreciate the Lord. It was good to have been here. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. We want to pick up the this morning offering. So brothers, get ready. Heavenly Father, we pause Lord to pick up the tithes and offering. We pray Lord that you would bless and sanctify that which is collected. Bless your people as they give now Lord and provide for those who may not have at this time. But Lord, whatever is collected may be used for your honor and your glory, we commit it back now into your hands in Jesus name in thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Praise God. Brothers, we come forward. Amen. This little light of mine. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise God. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, sing. Oh, and I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going. Oh, I'm going. Shine, shine, let it shine. This the light. Sing. Oh, sing. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to going to Come on. Clap your hands. Sing it onto him. Test it by glory. Shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. I wouldn't let it devil blow it up. I wouldn't let Satan blow it up. I'm going to Going to let it shine. Let Satan going to Going to let it shine. I won't let Satan. Oh, I'm going. Oh, let it let it shine. Let it shine. One more time. Sing this with the light of my hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, let it shine. [Music] for glory. Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, give me oil in my lap. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Give me, I pray. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break of day. Sing hosana. Oh, hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Glory. Oh, sing. Hosana to the king. Hallelujah. Sing. Oh, sing. Oh, sing. Hosana to the give me all. Oh, give me. Oh, sing it this evening. Oh, we want the oil of the Holy Spirit. Give me. Hallelujah. How many want that oil? Oh, give me. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the one more time. Sing. Hosana. Sing. Oh, sing hallelujah. Sing hosana to the Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, sing. Oh, just clap your hands. Just clap your hands this evening as the music play. [Music] Sing. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, give him praise. Give him a little shout of praise this morning. Oh, we going to sing hosana. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. And God's not dead. Hallelujah. He is alive. God. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, he is alive. I can. Oh, I can. Oh, I can. Oh, I can feel him all over me. Oh, God. God. Oh, glory. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. So, our mighty God this evening. Glory. Yes, Lord. God's not there. Hallelujah. Oh, I can. I can. Oh, I can. Hallelujah. But one more time, give the Lord a shout. Give him praise. Oh, praise him this morning. Glory to God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. Give him a show. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you know he's alive and you praise him. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. I can feel him in my heart. I can feel him all over me. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, hallelujah. I've been re glory purchased by the blood. Praise God. I've been [Music] re Oh, all my sins are I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed. I've been I've been redeemed. Hallelujah. Glory. I've been redeemed. Oh, I've been Yes, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, one more time. I've been I've been redeemed. Oh, glory. The angels can sing this song. Glory. Oh, by the blood of them. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, praise God. Let the redeemed praise him one more time. Give him a shout. Let the redeemed praise him. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, shout unto the Lord. Hallelujah. Shelter be a king. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. I've been married. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. Amen. Turn around, greet your brother and sister. Amen. Greet somebody. Amen. In Jesus name. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Thank you, S. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Appreciate your brother. Appreciate your sister. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That's a child of God. That's a special Amen. Purchased by the blood of Jesus. Amen. Jesus doesn't buy old thing. Amen. You buy something good, something valuable. Praise God. You're a son of God, a daughter of God. He appreciates you. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. God. Amen. Good to see everyone this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord one more time. What a time we've had in his presence. Amen. God bless you. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So, let's bow our heads. We want to close off service. Amen. Praise God. But if you have a request on your heart, you could raise your hand. Amen. You can bring it before the Lord. Praise God. Amen. Amen. God sees the hands, the desperation on your heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we come to a close of this wonderful service, Father, Lord, our hearts burn within us, Father, as you spoke to us along the way. Lord, knowing, Father, that you left, Lord, the the greatness of heaven, Father, condescended, Lord, to our lowliest state, Father, Lord, to pay a price, Lord, for our sins, Lord, the price of redemption, but also to take the book, Father. Lord, and in that book held our names, Father, Lord. And once we know, Lord, that our name is in the book. Once we see our names, we can't help but rejoice. We can't help but shout, Lord. We could never be sad one more day, Father. Lord, not that there wouldn't be up days and down days, Lord, but Lord, the revelation in our hearts, Lord, we are tied to the absolute, Father. Hallelujah. Father, Lord, we thank you for the word, Lord. May we may find a resting place in our hearts. May we meditate on the word and feast on it, Father, knowing who we are, Father. Lord, sons and daughters of God, bride of the lamb of Jesus Christ. Lord, Father Lord, we pray for your servant in a special way, Lord, that brought the word this morning. Father, we thank you for our pastor, Lord. God, we pray continue to bless him and strengthen him, Lord. Anoint him, inspire him, Lord, with divine revelation, spiritual discernment. fill him and refill him with your Holy Spirit and power Lord as he continues Lord God to lead the flock Lord that you've placed Lord in this little tabernacle Father bless Lord all the people gathered here those online those that would hear the tape later we Lord we just commit everyone into your hands Father Lord remember we want to remember those that whose hands went up this morning Lord some need some situation Father Lord but you are the great Jehovah Gyra, you are the great Jehovah Rafa. You are the great I am. Whatever we have need of, we just put it in that name, Lord God. And Lord Jesus, we pray that you would touch every life, Lord. Meet every need, Father, in the name of Jesus. And Lord, we look for a testimony, Lord, of the complete finished work, Lord, that you started at Calvary. Lord, remember, oh God, brother Isaac as he would travel this week, Lord, to the African area. Father, we pray that you would bless him, bless the meetings, Father, strengthen his body, Lord. Lord, anoint him and inspire him and use him mighty for your honor and your glory. For we know we are at the end time, Father. And Lord, we are looking, Lord, for your word to be fulfilled, oh God. Bless your people as we would leave this place, but not from your presence. Go with us, Father. And Lord God, may we continue to pray, Lord, and seek your face like never before, Lord, not get slacken and and and leodish, Father, but Lord, press it each and every day, Lord, for seventh Thunder, Holy Ghost revival in our lives, in our homes, and in the church, Father. Lord, have your perfect way, oh God. Bless every family, every brother, every sister. Bless every visitor here this morning. We commit everything now into your hands in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You may be seated and thanks for your patience. Amen. And for the announcement or just before the announcement, we have a special visitor here this morning invited by Sister Batist, Miss Lyanna Graham. Amen. God bless you, Miss Rahham. Good to see you. Welcome to the Headstone Tabernacle. God richly bless you. Hope you had a good time in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just for some announcements. Now, service continues on Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. at the Tabernacle. Friday, Zoom prayer meeting and Sunday back in the house of the Lord at 10:00 a.m. Maintenance team group one, please meet with brother Popwell after the service. And next week, group three is called to serve, which is brother Andy Henry's group. Amen. We want also to remember the convention dates of July 18, 19th, and 20th of 2025. We encourage you to continue to pray and give your support both in prayer and with your pledges and and resources. All right? So, continue to bear those meetings in prayer. Amen. We're looking for a great time in the Lord. Amen. We also want to let the Sunday school choir know that there will be a practice for the juniors and the teens. Immediately after the service, there'll be a Sunday school practice for the juniors and the teens. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Just reach across and greet somebody one more time. Amen. Thank God for being in his presence. God richly bless you. God richly bless you. Amen. Give a big smile. Amen. Praise God. I'm coming back to the heart of Amen. Praise God. So God richly bless you. Have a tremendous week. We love and appreciate you in Jesus name. Amen. Ushers could come forward as we are dismissed. Praise this wonderful name. In Jesus name. I'm coming back to a heart of worship. And it's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. Yes. All about you. All about you. Oh yes. It's all about you, [Music] Jesus. I'm coming. I'm coming back to a heart of worship. And it's all about you. For all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. When it's all about you, all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to a heart of worship. But it's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the day I've made it. When it's all about you, all about you, Jesus. And Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way. Let me be. Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way with me. It's all about you. All about you, Jesus. All about you. It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus.
