################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-12 - Remember The Lord - Bro. Anthony O'Brien - Anthony.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-12
Title:   Remember The Lord - Bro. Anthony O'Brien
Speaker: Anthony
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn-gwDQkLHM
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. Amen. Just raise your hands and give the Lord praise this evening. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord God. We bless your name tonight. We praise you, Lord, with our whole heart this evening. We lift you up this evening. You are worthy of all the glory, all the praise. Here I am to worship you, Lord. Here we are to bow down in your presence tonight. We lay oursel at the feet of the cross tonight. We lay ourselves before you tonight, Lord. Oh, come and receive our praise, Lord. We inhabit our praise tonight, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we bless your name, Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that's within me. Praise his holy name, Father. We love you with all our hearts tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Just praise him tonight. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Oh, praise your wonderful name. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together. Oh, all together wonderful to one more time. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. [Music] Allto together worthy. and all together wonderful to me. Oh, praise him tonight. Just give him praise. Just give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Just bless his name tonight. Oh, we worship you, Lord. We worship you, Lord. Oh, we worship you, Lord. We come to bow down tonight, Father, before your awesome presence, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, we love you with all our hearts, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. How many really appreciate the Lord tonight? Amen. They love the Lord with all their heart tonight. Amen. Forget how you feel. Forget what's on the outside. Amen. He's worthy to be worshiped. He's worthy to be praised tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Somebody shout, "Praise the Lord tonight." Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Good to see everyone tonight. Let's just turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 27:es 1-4. Amen. He never failed me yet tonight. Amen. Amen. And there's no failure in God tonight. It's impossible for God to fail. Amen. You believe that tonight? Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Hallelujah. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in his temple. Praise his wonderful name. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Thank you, Savior. Amen. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful to be here tonight, Lord, in your presence. Lord, in your presence, there's fullness of joy. Lord, at your right hand, pleasures forever more. Father, we deem it a great privilege and an honor to be here tonight. Lord, bless your people. Sanctify our hearts, our minds, our motives, our intentions. Lord, we commit ourselves to you tonight. We commit, Lord, the people into your hands, Father. Lord, may our worship come up as a sweet smelling savor unto you, Lord. May your people worship you and praise you and and Lord, may the presence of God come down in this place like never before, Father. And Lord, when the omni omnipotent speaks, Lord, the miraculous will take place. Father, we thank you, Lord, for what you're about to do tonight. We commit everything now into your hands. Bless the worshipper, the going forth of the word. Bless your servant tonight in a special way. Bless the receiving of the word. And father, at the end of it all, Lord, may we be changed and transformed. May we leave better people, Lord. Fill and refill, Father. Heal the sick and afflicted among us tonight, Lord. We look to you, Father. We look to the unseen tonight, Lord. We look away from ourselves and we look to you tonight, Lord Jesus. Have your perfect way tonight. Bless your people in a powerful way tonight in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Amen. God bless you. God bless you tonight. just reach across and just greet somebody tonight. Amen. He never failed me yet. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. He never failed me yet. He never failed me yet. Jesus Christ never failed me yet. And everywhere I go, I want the world to know my Jesus Christ never fail me. He never He never glory Jesus Christ never fail me. And everywhere I go, I wonder to know my Jesus Christ. Never fail me yet. One more time. He never Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name tonight. There's no failure in God tonight. Oh, and everywhere I go, I wonder my Jesus Christ never fail. Oh, he is wonderful, wonderful. Jesus says to me, he's mine. Oh, prince of peace. The mighty God is he. And he is saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful. Oh yes, Lord. He's wonderful tonight. Singing wonderful, wonderful Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory mighty. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, saving me and keeping me and from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is praise his name. Oh, singing. I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Oh, oh, and lift up his holy name. Oh, sing and I love to glory. Oh, sing and I Oh, I lift up his holy greater is he saying greater is he that is in me. Oh, hallelujah. Greater. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. More powerful. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, singing. Greater is he. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Sing it tonight. Oh that he that is in the world. Oh Messiah is the King of Kings. Oh Messiah is the Lord of lords. Singing Messiah. Hallelujah. Oh he's the king of kings. He's the Lord of lords. Oh Messiah. Hallelujah. Messiah is the Lord of lords. Singing Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord of lords. Hallelujah. Messiah. Hallelujah. Messiah is the Lord of glory. He is the King of Kings. He's the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. One more time. One more time. Messiah. Messiah. is the king of kings. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Messiah is the king of kings. Oh. Oh. He's the king of kings. Glory. Lord of lords. Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the Lord of lords. Oh, praise him tonight. Praise him tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just praise him tonight. Just praise him. He's worthy tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we praise you tonight, Lord. We praise you tonight, Lord. We worship your name tonight, Father. We bless your name in the sanctuary tonight. Father, you are a mighty God. You're the almighty God tonight. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that's within me tonight. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jes. What can make me whole again? Singing, what can make me whole again? singing nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh, precious is the flow. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me what has no other font I know. singing nothing but a blood of Jesus. For my cleansing, oh for my cleansing this I see nothing but a blessing. Nothing for my pardon. This my plea. Oh for my pardon. This my plea. You're singing nothing but the blood of Jes. This is all my hope and peace. This is all my hope and peace. Singing nothing but the blood of this is all my righteousness. Singing this is all my rightousness. Nothing nothing but a blood. singer. Now by this I'll overcome. Now by this I'll overcome. Glory. Nothing but the blood of Jes. Now by this I'll reach my home. Now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious is the flow. Singing all prep is the flow that makes me wide as snow. [Music] The fountains I know singing nothing but the blood. One more verse. Glory, glory, this I sing. Glory, glory. This I sing. Hallelujah. Nothing. Hallelujah. All my praise to him I bring. Singing all my praise to him I bring. Singing nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh, just raise your hands and give him praise tonight. Give the Lord praise tonight. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Do you appreciate the blood of Jesus tonight? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. White as snow. No, the f I know. Singing nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Praise him tonight. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for the blood tonight. Just praise him tonight. Oh, we worship you, Lord. We worship you. We worship you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh peace, peace, [Music] wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Oh Lord, oh sweep, oh my spirit forever I pray. Oh and fatherless and fatherless billows of love. Oh sweet peace. Sing it tonight. Oh and peace is peace. Oh, may his peace pour out upon you tonight. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Coming down. Oh, from the Savior. Oh, above. Sweep over. Sing. Sweep my spirit. Yes, Lord. Forever I pray. Oh, fatherless below of love. As brother Andy comes forward one more time, speak singing peace. Oh peace, oh wonderful peace and kingom &gt;&gt; from the father above sweep. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Forever I pray in fathomless balloons of love. Oh, one more time. Oh, sing in peace. Oh, peace. Hallelujah. [Music] from the father above. Oh, sweep, sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in fomless pillows of love. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you love him tonight? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen and amen and amen. Praise God. We're happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. We thank God for his presence tonight. We thank God for the song service. We appreciate brother Steve Moli. Thank God for the atmosphere tonight. Amen. It's good to be here. So God bless you. Thank you so much. Uh brother Gideon over the music. And we just want to turn to our Bibles now as we want to go to the word portion of the service tonight. And let's just turn to Genesis chapter 41 and we want to read from uh verse 29-32 inclusively. Okay. So as you begin to find it, praise God. Genesis chapter 41. Praise God. Genesis 41 and we want to read from verse 29. to 32. Okay. And in this passage of scripture, just for a context, this is Joseph addressing Pharaoh concerning the dream that he had. And verse 29 says, "Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt, and there shall arise after them seven years of famine, and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt, and the famine shall consume the land, and the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following, for it shall be very grievious. And for that the dream uh was doubled unto Pharaoh twice. It is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let's just uh pray one more time. Amen. Almighty God, we stand here tonight, Lord, as uh trophies of your grace. Lord, we thank you for your goodness upon our lives. Lord Father, we come into your house tonight to give you praise, to give you honor, to give you glory. Lord Father, we come to hide ourselves in your pavilion tonight, to find refuge in your word tonight, this evening, dear God. Now, as we come to the word portion of the service tonight, we Lord want to bow ourselves at your feet. Lord, we want to, Lord, to just stay focused for a few moments, Lord, to hear what you'd have to say to us tonight. We pray that your Holy Spirit would anoint and inspire, Lord, this little inspiration that you have given me, dear God, to share with your people. Lord, I humble myself before the almighty cross. Lord, may you come and Lord, may you speak, Lord, Father, to your people tonight. We uh long to hear your voice, Lord Jesus. Lord, if you would speak to us, Lord, every water would be calmed, Lord. Father, every storm would cease, Lord, at thy word, Lord. So, we look to your word tonight. We pray that you'd shake us, Lord. Anoint us, inspire us, and raise us up. Help us, Lord, for the times that we are living in for the days are evil. Granted, almighty God, we pray and ask these things now in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. You may have your seats. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Do you love him tonight? &gt;&gt; It's good to be here one more time in the presence of the Lord. And we are grateful to God. I have an inspiration here, a thought tonight rather um based on the scripture we just read of course and it might be a bit of a strange one but I'm praying dear God that you would give us understanding tonight kind of see where we want to take this from but the inspiration I have tonight is remember the Lord remember the Lord and um in this scene what we have what we just spoke about in the scripture Joseph is talking to Pharaoh about the interpretation of a dream that he had that no one was able to interpret. &gt;&gt; No one was able to bring an understanding to what was troubling Pharaoh's uh house. Uh, and Joseph himself is positioned uniquely this way because he has a gift, a gift of being able to interpret dreams. It's something that God gave to him. And just about this time when God is getting ready to announce something that is imminent, that is unavoidable, uh, that must surely come to pass. Amen. &gt;&gt; God has a man in place to give the interpretation to what is about to unfold. &gt;&gt; He has a man in position to give an interpretation to point us to the God that is showing us something. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; God always has a people in place to do a certain thing. Anytime God is getting ready to interrupt the flow and the program of things, God always has a word in that for due season and he always has a people, a man, a messenger, someone in place that he could put his hand on &gt;&gt; and use them to speak the word at that time &gt;&gt; to connect the word with its prophecy. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. For that hour. So that is what was unfolding here right in front of their very eyes. And here it was. Uh, Pharaoh's house was disturbed, interrupted. Pharaoh has a dream and it troubles him. And there's no one that can come forward and say what it is. Until all of a sudden, a butler begin to begin to testify of something that he had once experienced. He said, "I know of a young man &gt;&gt; who is in the prison house who who who spoke with me and who told me that I was my job was about to be restored. He I had a dream once and he interpreted it and that dream came to pass. Not only did he interpret it, but the dream was true and the interpretation was correct. And I know the gift is real because I experienced it for myself. The butler wasn't talking about somebody else's testimony. He had his own testimony about how this gift and this young man, Hallelujah, was working in this young man. And that the same thing that God did for the butler, he could do for Pharaoh. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. And they caught fate from a testimony from prison. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? And all these things are unfolding. I'm just laying a background here. But Joseph has been there a long time. He's been in Egypt for some years. He's been pining in the prison house. Isn't that right? So long that people probably used to seeing him there. Christmas come, Christmas go. They ask Joseph, "Why are you in prison? I've forgotten how long you've been here. Praise God. And he has to go back and give the account that he was wrongfully accused and that he was thrown in prison uh out of working for Piper's house and he's been here for x amount of years and and so forth like that and he's just going on going on and it seems as though he's just been wasting his time. It seems as though there is no hope for of release from prison. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It seems as though there's no hope of of of a of a recovery from his situation. &gt;&gt; It seems that all the years that he has spent bound in chains and fetterss in the prison, it seems for not. But with God, nothing is is is just haphazard. &gt;&gt; With God, there are no accidents. And God is about to reward Joseph for his faithfulness for staying the course of the journey for not giving up his birthright. Oh, hallelujah. But staying the road, God is about to reward him &gt;&gt; for his stand for righteousness. &gt;&gt; Even in a place that he knows not, in a people that he knows not and among a tongue that he was unfamiliar with, still God was had his hand on Joseph. Amen. &gt;&gt; And God has his hand on us tonight. Though we might be in a strange place, though you might be going through a trial, though you might be going through a test, though you might be going through a storm, I believe that God has a people in the land tonight. And he has his hand on them. And he is about to reward you tonight. For taking your stand with this word, for taking your stand with this gospel, for taking your stand with this message. God is about to reward a group of people, a bunch of individuals who took their stand with this message. &gt;&gt; He's about to reward your faith tonight. If you only put your trust in Jesus, &gt;&gt; he will continue the word that he had spoken. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? So, and so he's coming out of prison now. He's shaved. He's presented before Pharaoh. And uh he's going he's coming through. And at this point, you know, this is a part where it all makes sense. Now, you know, it didn't make sense when he was sold to Egypt. It didn't make sense. His life did not make sense when he was sold into slavery and when he had to work all the while at Piper's house. He did his best. He put his best foot forward, but the picture doesn't make sense then because God had given him a dream and he said that his that his brothers would bow before him. And he had held that in his heart for a long time. But he went through phases and through phases. He went through trials and through tests. He went through different situations and through different circumstances and none of that made sense at all. Still coming on to the vision that God had had him to be there for in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; And he had to come on to something time after time. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; God had him for a specific purpose. Now, now he's being announced into the room of Pharaoh &gt;&gt; uh to address the king at that time &gt;&gt; because of this dream that is happening. that is troubling the house of Pharaoh, that is troubling the house of Egypt. &gt;&gt; And and so uh and so he's being presented, right? And the dream reveals that a great famine was on its way. That was the whole revelation of it. Uh uh there was two dreams. Isn't that right? And uh Joseph revealed he said that the two dreams are one. Isn't that right? and uh and he began to unfold the understanding of it right there in front of them. The gift begin to work. Amen. Isn't that right? Praise God. Hallelujah. And I genuely believe that God's going to have a bride that's going to be called before great men and nations. And that gift is going to work. &gt;&gt; Praise God. That gift is going to unfold itself. Praise God. Amen. God is going to have you where he's going to have you. Praise God. Amen. You are going to serve your purpose. The bride is going to have a ministry pray to go out there and get that lost sheep. Is that right? And bring them into the fold before the terrible time comes. Amen. God is going to have a people on the land. &gt;&gt; Who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age in the final junction of time. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. So it reveals that there's a great famine coming. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nothing is going to stop this famine. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It is a time of famine that the mouth of the Lord has already spoken it. The the heart of God has already revealed it. He cannot he himself cannot take it back. Amen. &gt;&gt; What is about to unfold, what is about to come upon not just Egypt but the entire world economy at that time was about to be severely affected &gt;&gt; by this grievous famine that was about to cover the entire world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The Bible said all the nations were affected by this. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; And uh the only way to survive it was an act of wisdom. Isn't that right? that God would have to show and reveal through the gift he put in Joseph to show how to survive such a famine. And we'll read those verses again one more time. It said, "And behold, there comes seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt." This was the first fold of it. And then there shall arise after them seven years of famine. And all the plenty, this is the part we want to underline tonight. Now all of the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt and the famine shall consume the land. And there are few times in scripture afterwards that goes on where the scripture actually says the Bible goes on to say that the famine was exceedingly great and sore upon the land. &gt;&gt; It was in a severe state. Things had gotten really bad. They went from bad to worse. No one can grow anything. They could not sustain themselves. It just got really, really bad. And Joseph in his interpretation here said something very key here is what want to hone in on tonight. That all of the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt and that the famine shall consume the land. And as I was studying this, I began to realize that in life there are seasons. &gt;&gt; There are moments that would feel like times of plenty. &gt;&gt; There are moments when there feel like there is blessings, that there is harvest, that there is plenteous, that there is anointing, that there is inspiration flowing, that that that anything you put your hand to it prosper. There's times of plenty in our lives where we could easily lift our hands up and praise the Lord. It's easy at that time to worship God because things are going well for you. You praise God on the mountaintop. Everyone loves the mountaintop. It's easy to to to to come in with a smile on your face with some money in your pocket, with a bump in your step. But it is harder when the times of of of famine comes. When things aren't working out, there are moments that feel like a time of famine. &gt;&gt; When things don't work out, when you feel like you're going through a valley, when you feel like you're going through a storm, when maybe there's sickness around, maybe the bills are piling up. Maybe there's trouble on every hand. Maybe you can't seem to find a way out. Sometimes your prayers feel like you're just hitting the roof and it's not going any further than that. Sometimes you feel like you're going through a famine and it feels like there's no way out and it and in in those times that it feels like almost the time of plenty is almost forgotten altogether because the famine can get grievious sometimes. The famine can get sore sometimes. The famine can get flexing sometimes. It not only affects you, but it affects the things around you. You feel like you can't connect the dots. But even in those times, we want to remember the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; We want to remember that God is still true to his word. That God is still true to his promise. And whatsoever he said is what he will perform. Doesn't matter what famine you are going through. Doesn't matter what pestilence, what darkness, what tyus. Hallelujah. Praise God. Tammalt is going on in your life. That God is still God tonight. That he is still on the throne. Oh, hallelujah. People tend to forget God and turn to their own devices trying to figure their way out of the famine. But we've got to remember the Lord tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Remember God. Remember his promises. Remember his word. Remember what he has spoken to us. That he will not fail us. That he will not forget us. Surely he will not forsake. Uh the works of his own hands. Uh and know that when you pray God answers. When you cry, God hears that cry. Oh, and God will answer. In a time of trouble, you could lift up your hands. Uh in a time of famine, uh in a time when there's no bread, uh there's no water, God give a promise. I'll bless thy bread and thy water. Only obey the voice of the angel. Oh, hallelujah. And hearken to his voice. Uh oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, behold, I've sent mine angel before thee. Uh, to keep thee in the way. Oh, hearken to his voice. Uhhuh. Oh, and obey his commandments. Oh, hallelujah. And he will bless thy bread and thy water. Thy enemy shall flee from thee seven ways. Uh, oh, God shall fight your battles. He'll fight your battles. Hallelujah. When you take a stand for God, he will take a stand for you. Oh, I tell you church, uh, in the famine is the time to take a stand for God. Uh, in the time in the dry times, uh, in the famine, in the desert, oh, that's the time to be certain of God. Uh, oh, it might seem like nothing is happening around you. Uh, but there is still a God tonight. Uh, it might feel like nothing's going on. Uh, feel like nothing will happen. Feel like there's no breakthrough. feel like there's no hope. Uh but God is still God tonight. Uh he's still a healer. He's still a deliverer. He's still a way maker. He's still a restorer. He's still a baptizer. He's still promise uh to pour out the Holy Ghost uh upon you, upon your planted word uh that is in your heart tonight. Uh there is coming forth a glorious wonderful Holy Ghost fire. Oh, he promised it. He promised revival right in the midst of the famine. We are going to prophesy. We are going to testify. Oh, I got feel nothing but the devil cannot move me. Right in the midst of the famine. Right in the midst of the desert, right in the midst of your sickness, right in the midst of your trial, right in the midst of your financial trouble, right in the midst of your family trouble, you stand up tonight and testify that God is still the same. And even if he don't deliver, I will not bow down. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Remember the Lord. remember his promises. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Ecclesiastes 12 says, "Remember now thy creator. In the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them." Oh, hallelujah. Ecclesiastes is prophesying that a time of turmoil will come, a gloom of day and darkness will come. But remember the Lord in the days of your youth, oh what did David say? Thy word, oh Lord, have I hid in my heart so I shall not sin against thee. When the devil comes, when the trial comes, uh when the deserts come, uh when the storms come, uh you've got to have a word in your heart, uh you've got to remember the Lord. You've got to have an anchor point that you can rock back on and say, "I remember when God was with me in the darkness. He is still here tonight. I remember God when he when I had no more money to pay the bills, he worked it out. I remember when I was sick and he healed me. I remember the Lord. I can rock back on his promise on Ella Abraham bosom. I could rock back tonight. Oh, and I could nurse on his promises. Oh, hallelujah. Nurse upon El Shadai's breast tonight. Oh, remember thy creator &gt;&gt; in the days of thy youth &gt;&gt; while the evil days come not. &gt;&gt; Oh, we living in an evil time. &gt;&gt; The Bible said the days are evil. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I believe Andrew, but Andrew was someone who shared with me that that evil is in every hand. It's not just spiritually speaking, &gt;&gt; but financially, politically &gt;&gt; and in every realm of the world, &gt;&gt; there is evil all around. &gt;&gt; It's harder to do things. It's it's tough. It's Oh, it's it's it it requires a certain level of grit. requires a certain level of grind to make it in this hour. This is a very very uh steep and grievous time. &gt;&gt; No wonder why God chose us tonight. God saw something special in us tonight. Really something special in us tonight. He put it in us before the foundation of the world &gt;&gt; to know that we could remember God. Oh, even in the time of famine &gt;&gt; that is coming or that is here. &gt;&gt; Bible said when the sun and the light or the moon or the stars be darkened or the clouds return after their rain, remember the creator &gt;&gt; in the days of thude. Psalm 123 says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, &gt;&gt; and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. who forgiveth all thine iniquities and who healeth all thy diseases. Oh hallelujah. Is he a healer tonight? He said he redeemth thy life from destruction and who crowneth thee with loving kindness and with tender mercies. Oh remember the Lord tonight. He satisfithth thy mouth with good things so that thy youth is renewed like eagle. Oh yes. Yes. Remember the Lord and forget not all his benefits. Who health health all thy diseases. This verse eight says the Lord is merciful and gracious. He is slow to anger and plenteous in mercy. He will not always chide. Neither will he keep his anger forever. For he had not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. Uh for as high as a heaven is above the earth, so great is his mercy. Toward them that fear him. Oh, and as far as east is from the west, so far he removed our transgressions from us. Oh, great is his mercy tonight. Oh, let us remember the Lord. Let us remember his goodness. Let us remember his mercy. Oh, he had a founded upon the seas. He established it upon the floods. Who shall ascend unto the hill of the Lord? Who shall go into his holy place? He that had clean hands. Uh he that had a pure heart. Uh that's you here tonight. Uh oh, you lift your soul up to vanity. Oh, but you offered yourself to the Lord. You said, "I'll give my life to the Lord." And from that time, uh, goodness and mercy has been following you all the days of your life. Oh, lift up your hands and remember the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh my. Oh my. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Are we here tonight? Amen. Oh my. Second Peter 1. Amen. Amen. It says, "By whereby given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these we might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world true lust." Here's our promise tonight. And beside this, given all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So if you sow these seeds, oh, so now you be neither be barren nor unfruitful. &gt;&gt; Now you can see how the famine will hit those who don't have these seeds planted. What are they going to produce because every seed will bring forth after its own kind. Praise God. Hallelujah. But we so thank God tonight that we have received planted word. That's why the prophet is saying, "I was so zealous about the seed that I planted for the body." Oh, because in order to get a seven revival, we had to have seven seeds sown into us all throughout the years. Wednesday night, a Sunday, on a Wednesday, flow, here is seed for you. Here is seed for your family, seed to eating, seed for sewing. Oh, hallelujah. God going to give the increase. Oh, God is going to pour out his increase one of these glorious days. There's coming forth a sound from heaven. Oh, like a rushing mighty wind. And just like it did in the upper room, it's going to pour out upon you. Pour out fire. Pour out anointing. &gt;&gt; Pour out that watering germatizing spirit that activates the seed of God in the soul and brings all those virtues to life. &gt;&gt; That's what's about to take place. Remember the Lord tonight. Amen. In a time of the famine, let us remember God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So in verse 12, it says, "Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them and be established in the present truth." Peter is saying here, "Yet I think it meat for as long as I am in this tabernacle to stir you up by putting you in remembrance of these things." In other words, he's saying, "I'm not going to be here with you much longer. There may come a time when I have to be parted from you by way of death. I might have to leave you one day." Uh, and because that is imminent, I I know that will happen one day. My mission tonight is to put you in remembrance of these things. to let you know. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. That God is still the same. That these virtues are still required. Oh, hallelujah. Pray. A holy life is required. A holy walk is required. Oh, hallelujah. And get up on that third pull. Praise God. It'd be you and God. Oh, walking together in sweetness and humility. Say any little thing to them. Praise God. Just as sweet as ever. &gt;&gt; That's the thunder that'll shake the devil in the last days. Oh my. That's what we're looking for tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Said, knowing shortly, he said, I must put off this my tabernacle. Even as our Lord Jesus Christ had showed me. So, you see, he knows what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; It is not a mystery that he is going to leave them. &gt;&gt; And so, he has made it his personal mission in this scripture to leave with them some precious pattern words, uh, some exceedingly great and precious promises. Oh, and we thank God for these promises tonight because it's by these promises that we become partakers of his divine nature. Oh, that nature of God that we are to live out is a sevenfold nature. And Peter identified them here. And in every age that the the the church of that age lived that out. Oh, faith was already lived out. Virtue already lived out, knowledge already lived out, and it conquered in their ages. What is God about to do tonight when he takes all seven virtues and gathers it up together? Oh, hallelu's going to come for a sound, brother. &gt;&gt; Praise a manifestation of God &gt;&gt; in these last days. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, just as Jesus Christ has shown me, he said, "Moreover, I will endeavor that he may be able after my deceased to have these things always in remembrance." Oh my. He said, "For we have not followed cunningly devised fables when we made known unto you the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty." In other words, we were there when we saw the sick healed. We were there when we saw the dead raised up. We were there when we saw the cripples walk. We were there when we saw the blind see. And we know that if God did it then, he's going to do it again in a bride on the earth in the last days, he's going to do it among you. He's going to raise up men and women to live this word tonight. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Many amen. My force from God the Father gone in glory. when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory. This is my beloved son. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In whom I am well pleased. &gt;&gt; And this voice which came from heaven we heard when we were with him in the holy mount. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He says we also have more a sure word of prophecy where unto you do well that you take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place until the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts. Amen. Amen. And amen. We will stop there for now. Amen. &gt;&gt; My do you love him tonight? When Jesus was crucified and buried, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When Jesus was crucified, he the disciples were in a state of confusion. They had walked with Jesus for about three and a half years and he told them what would happen. But the Bible said they couldn't understand it. They couldn't grasp the words that Jesus had spoken to them. Praise God. telling them that in three days the son uh the the the son of man would be offered up into sinful hands and on the third day rose again. He they they couldn't understand that. They couldn't grasp that understanding. But here it is in uh verse 24 of St. Luke. He said now uh uh sorry it's Luke 24 said now upon the first day of the week very early in the morning they came unto the sephula bringing spices which they had prepared and certain others with them. And they found the stone rolled away from the sephula. And they entered in and found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass that they were much perplexed thereabout. Behold, two men stood by them in shining garments. And as they were afraid, they bowed their faces to the earth, and said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead? But he is not here. He is risen. And he said, "Remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee, saying that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men and be crucified, and the third day rise again." And the Bible said, verse 8, "And they remembered his words." Oh, hallelujah. How wonderful. It's one thing for the angel to say it, but it's another thing for them to remember his words. They connected with the words that he had spoken to them while he was yet with them, &gt;&gt; while he was yet alive in their presence. They remembered his words that he said to them. And they returned from the safer and told these things unto the 11 and to all the rest. And it was Mary Magdalene and Joanna and uh and and uh and Mary the mother of James and other women that were with him which told these things unto the apostles and their words seemed as the Bible say idle tales &gt;&gt; as they believed them not. Amen. Amen. They still couldn't grasp it. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; But he had to speak it to them. He had was telling them all the while. And the word is a seed. So when he keeps speaking to them, what he keep doing, sewing seeds into their hearts, telling them what would shortly take place hereafter. Amen. And this would happen and when that that happened, even though they couldn't understand it, that word was still sown. That seed was still sown. And even in the years when we couldn't understand, when we couldn't fully grasp the message of Malachi 4, those seeds were still sown. Those seeds were still sown. Oh, and that seed is sown tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Malachi 4 already sown those seeds. Oh, glory to God. And what's waiting on the Holy Spirit to take a hold of it tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my, my time is going &gt;&gt; and my voice is going also. You pray for me. &gt;&gt; But the same day at the evening, so this is later on down now and Jesus comes back to meet with them. And so most of the disciples haven't seen them. He said, but the same day at the evening that the first day of the week when the doors were shut. Oh, what a service this was. Praise God. The doors were shut. Amen. There was no way for anyone to go in or come out. They were afraid. They were sore. They were going through their time of famine. And then all of a sudden, the doors were shut. The disciples were assembled together for fear of the Jews. And then came Jesus and stood in the midst of them. Oh, there is no shut door tonight that can keep Jesus out. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. He is going to come right in. Oh, come right into your situation. He's going to come right into your heart. Come right into your home. Come right into your family situation. They try to shut the doors, but there's no shut door that can keep Jesus from coming in tonight. Oh, he's traveling at the speed of light. Oh, you just call on him tonight &gt;&gt; and he will answer you &gt;&gt; and he will come into you tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the doors are shut. But he's still coming. He said unto them, "Peace be unto you." And when he had so said, he showed them his hands on his side. He said, "And the disciples were glad when they saw the Lord." &gt;&gt; Then Jesus said unto them, "Peace be unto you. As my father sent me, even so send are you." &gt;&gt; And when he had said this, he breathed on them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whosoever sins you remit are remitted unto them. &gt;&gt; And whosoever sins are retained are retained. Blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it tonight? Amen. My praise God. Okay, let me do this here. So now I want to talk about the slavery in Egypt because the children of Israel wasn't always in bondage after God had used Joseph to bring them into Egypt to save them from this famine, to save them from the great uh scourge that was coming upon the land. God had provided a way for his people to come into safety, to come into refuge, to escape the famine. &gt;&gt; God always does that. &gt;&gt; God found a way for us to escape. Oh, hallel the hand of the enemy in our lives. When the hand of the enemy would have cut us off, God found provided a shelter for us, a way of escape for us. We are only here tonight because of the grace of God. We are only here tonight because of the mercy of God's covering. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. That kept us from destruction. He made a way. He always makes a way of escape for his people out of every situation. &gt;&gt; He always makes a way. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; And so God made a way for his people. So they came down in Egypt and they dwelt there for a time. &gt;&gt; And that time was a glorious time. I mean there was there was barta, there was exchange, uh there was trade, there was commerce. The Bible said the people of God multiplied greatly upon the face of of Egypt and the nation at that time. God's hand was upon his people. He was blessing them. The blessing their treasures floors, blessing the their vats were overflowing in oil and wine and and they had food to eat and they had business and they had jobs for all the young men. And praise God, everybody was employed and everybody was doing well. &gt;&gt; Everybody was en enjoying themselves. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; But then all of a sudden, the Bible talks about a change in season, &gt;&gt; a change in government. That's right. A change in administration. &gt;&gt; When that season changed, the Bible said there arose a Pharaoh in the land who knew not Joseph. Oh, this was a pharaoh who did not connect with that old story &gt;&gt; of how Egypt actually became the economic superpower that they were then. &gt;&gt; I hope you're following me. &gt;&gt; There was a pharaoh that come that did not connected with those old stories. He didn't connect with how those Hebrews even came into there in the first place. It was a different man with a different mindset, a different motive, a different behavior, almost a tyrant as it was. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Is how he is described in the scriptures. He didn't know about the dream. &gt;&gt; He wasn't there when it happened. He wasn't there when Joseph had to come out of prison and interpret the dream. He wasn't there when Pharaoh was helpless and defenseless. He wasn't there when Joseph came up with the strategy to save in the seven years of plenty. So that in the seven years of famine, they'd be able to survive that that that almost genocide, that almost wiping out of the nation, he wasn't there for that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He wasn't there for all of that history. And so because he couldn't connect with that understanding, uh it would come across as though he were ungrateful. Uh they decided to bite the hand that feeds. And instead of honoring the the Hebrews that were among them, honoring these immigrants that were among them that had led to their own blessing and not to their own demise, they sought to to to do them harm, to do them hurt rather than to honor them. Oh, and the administration is because of what took place right there. Isn't that right? A change in season, a change in leadership, praise God, caused all of this upset to take place. Phy began to despise the immigrants. Isn't that right? subduing them, bringing them under control, bringing them under subjection. Isn't that right? The Bible said, "And Joseph died, and all his brethren all that generation, and the children of Israel were fruitful, they increased abundantly. But there rose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph." And he said unto his people, "Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more mightier than we." Oh, you begin to get insecure. fear begin to step in because they see a mighty people among them and they feel as though somehow they're going to be overcome. They're going to be overwhelmed by this people and so they decide to devise an evil plot to subdue and to crush God's people. Oh, but God knew all about this before the world began. God already spoke to Abraham and told him that my people will sojourn in a strange land, Brother Popwell, but with a mighty hand, I'm going to deliver them. I'm going to restore them. I'm going to bring them out of bondage &gt;&gt; because they're going to end up in bondage. They're not seeing that now. They're seeing times of plenty. But there's a time of trouble coming. But God already put deliverance there. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. As an insurance. Oh, glory to God. To that they could claim. &gt;&gt; It's laying there, &gt;&gt; but they don't have to claim it. &gt;&gt; Let's skip over now to uh to uh Exodus. Praise God. And it says, "And in the it came to pass that in the process of time that the king of Egypt had died, and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up to God by reason of the bondage." And God heard their groaning. And God remembered his covenant with Abraham and with Isaac, and with Jacob their fathers. And God looked upon the children of Israel and God had respect unto them. Oh, when you begin to claim uh what is rightfully yours uh when you begin to make claims uh to the promises that God has spoken uh to the things that he has said uh when you go back to the typos, go back to the absolutes and remember the Lord, remember what he had done. Oh, when you begin to call upon those promises, the brother B said, when the church begin to put all the petty things, put away all the squables, put all the isms and schisms and go to calling upon God, then there'll be a national showdown. When you begin to connect with your promise for your day and your hour, oh yes, yes, yes, yeah. We got to connect, friends. We got to remember the Lord. We got to remember his promises. We got to remember his word. We got to remember the covenant that he made. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Remember dynamics. Remember the quickening power. Remember revival is coming. Remember there's an outpouring. Remember the sick are going to be healed. Remember that missing limbs are going to be restored. Remember that God promised to deliver our children. He promised to break the hand of the enemy upon our children upon our wives and upon our husbands. He promised to bring back the backsliders. He promised to boil the trash out the church. He promised to revive us again. Oh, we need a revival. Remember the Lord. Remember his promises tonight. Oh, and claim it tonight. &gt;&gt; Go back and dig up those old scrolls. Dig up those old writings where God said it would happen. Pray. Find where it is written and begin to call upon God. Cuz after a while, you're going to find where it is written. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. And amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. God had respect unto them. Wow. &gt;&gt; Respect to the fact that they were able to find that contract where God signed &gt;&gt; and said that he would do a certain certain thing. He respected that. Amen. Amen. Amen. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Their cry was appropriate towards that. God respected that. Isn't that right? How much more will God respect tonight if we go to calling upon God? We go to reminding God about those promises that he made because God is obligated to meet you on the basis of those promises. And outside of those promises, he cannot meet you. But if he made a contract with you, then he has to keep up his end of the bargain. Oh, you do your part and he will do his part. Oh, and if my people will humble themselves uh and pray and turn aside from their wicked ways, uh if they will go to calling on God, he promised uh that he would answer your prayer. He would answer your cry, that he would heal your land. He promised that you are going to hear from heaven. We need to hear from heaven tonight. Let us do what we must do so that we could hear from heaven tonight. Once more, this people must hear from God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And there must be a people on the land prepared to hear that call, &gt;&gt; prepared to see that call go out. Oh, think it not strange, friends. Praise God. That God called us out all this way. My God, this Joseph revelation sent us ahead. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To preserve life. &gt;&gt; Praise. Send us ahead. Oh, with a revelation. No sign of anything. Just going through a famine. You can't show anybody anything. You can't tell him any evidence of the sick being healed, of the dead being raised. All you've got is a promise from God. He said that he would do it. He said that he would promise. He said that seven thunders would wake the bride up again. He said he would send it. He promised it. And I'm standing on those promises tonight. I believe every word that is written in this book. Oh, and I believe that the time is at hand. My faith declares it to be so. &gt;&gt; Oh, that those seven thunders will become a manifestation. Oh, hallelujah. That's what we're waiting on. A seven thunder revival. Oh, to sweep you off your feet and enter glory. Oh, hallelujah. To sweep this wonderful bride off her feet and off into the wedding supper. Oh, how he loves his true church. Amen. Amen. Do you believe it tonight? &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh, I got my voice back. Somebody's praying. Amen. Wow. Praise God. Wonderful. Let's Let's take this home now. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, the prodigal son, Jesus, in the parable of the prodigal son, he took his father's inheritance. We know this, right? And he went away to a far country. Set himself up very far away. And like somebody said, a far country is anywhere from the church. Anywhere we have anywhere. Don't have no believers. There's nobody he know that he could meet on in in Jadus or on the street or anywhere. Praise God. He want to just be able to praise God. Amen. Just go far away with his behavior. Isn't that right? So he went to a far country, set himself up with his inheritance. Praise God. But as the Bible said, see, and as Jesus said in the uh in the uh in the parable he gave, he spent all of it. Isn't that right? He spent all didn't even leave back. I sent nothing. Praise God. Just spent it all. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Yes. And then the Bible also talks about a famine that came thereafter. So you see the lack of wisdom. Now he didn't put any systems or any usury or investments in place. He didn't see that there was a famine that was going to come to destroy all of his all of his assets, all of his all of his all of his material possessions. He didn't see the famine coming. He didn't see the famine coming. And he would have to put his shoes on Facebook and sell it. Praise God. because he need money to buy a phone card. He didn't see that things were going to get so tough that he couldn't find a job until the only thing he could find was somewhere in a farm somewhere mining pigs. Isn't that right? Oh my, praise God. And uh he came to poverty. And when he was eating with these pigs, Jesus said, the Bible said he said he came to himself. Oh, what a gracious understanding tonight. What what glorious words tonight that he came to himself and he began to remember. He began to remember that he was once in his father's house. Isn't that right? Praise God. Isn't that right? He said he remember the Bible said and he said the prodical son says he said how many hired servants of my father's have bread enough to spare and I perish with hunger. Oh not even a son but a servant has more than enough bread to spare. Oh hallelujah. And I am eating pigs here with the pigs. Isn't that right? Pig food. Praise God. But he said, "I will arise and I will go to my father." Oh, he remembered something. He remembered he had a father. He remembered he had a house. He remembered he had a home. He remembered he had left his room. He remembered the smell of it. He remembered what it was like to be a son of God. He remembered what it was like to put on his clothes on a Sunday morning. He remembered what it was like to get in his car and drive to church. He remembered something. Uh he remembered when God touched his heart. Uh he remembered when he once was saved. Uh he remembered that sweet feeling he felt uh when he was on his knees. Uh he remembered when he fall in love with Jesus the first time. Uh he wanted to feel that feeling again. Uh he couldn't feel it on the far country. Uh he had to pick up his P2. He had to pick up his shoes and he had to walk all the way back home because there's where he could feel the love of the father. Oh, he had gone so far away that he was out of touch. But here it was. He come to understanding. He remembered something. And oh, tonight we need to remember something. Oh, some of us have fallen away from our first love. Uh we need to remember something. Uh we need to remember what it was like. Uh what it felt like. Uh oh. A passion to know the word. What it felt like to have a cry to get in the spirit. What it felt like to have a fervent desire to please God. Oh, remember the Lord. &gt;&gt; Remember his promises. &gt;&gt; Remember his word tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; The young man remembered something. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that remembrance put him into action. &gt;&gt; And he decided to take one more trip &gt;&gt; back home. No more to Rome. I'm going back home. And his father, as you know, was always waiting. From day one, he was waiting because he knew that boy couldn't last out there long. Praise God. Amen. Amen. He He belongs somewhere. And you belong somewhere in the presence of God. You belong somewhere in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, in your position in Christ, in your place in Christ. And your father tonight is waiting with arms wide open. He is waiting with baited breath to welcome you back home, back to your position, back to your post of duty, &gt;&gt; back to the place where you belong. It's only the devil's deception. It's the devil's lie that would keep you from the presence of God. But don't believe that lie tonight. Remember the Lord. Don't believe your feelings tonight or your emotions or what everyone else is telling you. Remember the Lord tonight. Oh, hallelujah. In a time of famine, remember the Lord. Prophet said in a message called thy house he sent. And I want to say I want I want to say this that I believe too. The Bible said in the last days there'll come a famine in the land. And that famine won't be for bread and water but for the hearing of the true word of God. Oh, we're getting ready to close now. Amen. He said, "And the people would run from the east and from the west and the north and the south seeking to hear the word of God." And we're just about living in that day now. Oh, isn't that right? That's a famine. Isn't that right? Not for books and tapes. I have lots of that. But the hearing of the true word of God, that's the time we're living in now. Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? And not disregarding anybody else. You see, he said, not regarding not disregarding our churches. No, sir. He said, "But if you know, I believe that in the pulpits of many of these churches," he said, "we have fine men, good men, real men of God, but they are afraid if they say anything that's contrary to what that organization says, and then they'll be kicked out." Oh, there's a lack of boldness, praise God, to stand with the son of man and his words. Isn't that right? And they're left in the cold. Isn't that right? He said the prophet said, "I believe that what the man needs is some courage and I believe that that's why I believe that God wants to take somebody could be somebody here tonight and make an example to show that he will take care of them regardless of their organization. He will take care of you tonight if you stay with that word. If you remember the Lord and remember his promises." Praise God. Amen. Oh, wrapping up here now. Praise God. spiritual food in due season. He's had pro uh prophecies here now and now we're going to type that spiritual drought of today. He said now you know we're all very aware that's a great spiritual drought in the land today spiritually speaking. And he said you know that was predicted by the prophets just before the second coming of Christ would be said there will become a famine in the land and it won't be for bread alone but for the hearing of the true word of God and that day is now. He said hearing the true word of God. Now this types the natural drought with the spiritual and prophesied sin and unbelief by false teachers and modernists in the church had brought the place to this coming uh uh oncoming judgment. And then when they had turned from God's word and his prophet to a modern theological terms of the word he said but if you notice it's just at that time that God always raises up something. Oh, and we believe it's just at that time now where God's getting ready to raise up something. Oh, amen. Brother Odor, strike it every time. We in a time of lingering, time of waiting, time of looking, holding on to his promises. You're not seeing any sight, no visible signs, no visible evidence of fruitfulness, but just holding on to what God said. Oh, hallelu. But brother Brandham said, it's probably just about that time. God always raises up something cuz he always does. He always does uh nothing until first he reveals it to the people. Oh, he reveals something. Oh, hal. And then he reveals it by his servants. And then Elijah uh he said, "But now uh oh, sorry, I missed something here." Praise God. He said he he reveals it to the people. He also reveals it by his servants. Amen. He always reveals it. I will do nothing until I reveal it to my prophets. Amen. Isn't that right? Oh mine. It's revealed. Praise God. Isn't that right? And so now he said but Elijah during this time talking about Elijah had a secret place that God ordained for him to go musician can get ready to come that the thing that we wanted to see now just before we have the prayer line said you see Elijah had a secret place provided by God himself he said and now the church never provided it for him the king never provided it for him he didn't provide himself but God provided a secret place for Elijah to be fed all the time during the drought. Oh, where his flood was pro uh his food, sorry, was provided day by day, God provided a way of escape. Isn't that right? He did it for Elijah. He did it for the children of Israel, he'll do it for you tonight. Right in the place of the drought, he's going to provide a way of escape for you. He said he didn't wonder what was going to happen tomorrow. He didn't wonder if the supply was going to run out. God said, "I have commanded the ravens that they will feed you." Oh, what a wonderful thing. He said, "On a wonderful type of a secret place in Christ where God will hide you and keep you from all harm." Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh my. It's just the same thing. Isn't that right? Okay. Praise God. I'm almost finished. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. And so he said that uh he said that uh it's the same thing that David did this morning with the ox carts. He said they got away from the word. When the word was presented and gave to them, they didn't want it. And therefore, they had gotten away from it. And that's what these people had done in the days of Elijah. Gotten away from the word rather than holding. And remember in his words, he got away from it. See, and they thought they had the word, but they didn't have it. And so, notice in during that time that he was going to punish the unbeliever, he made a way for the believer. It's the same thing he does each time. And in the days he was going to destroy the world by water, he made a way of escape for Noah. in the days that he was going to drown uh Egypt and so on, he made a way of escape across the sea for his people. How God makes his way. And where there is no way, he is that way. He is that way tonight. Where there's no way that's going to be made, he becomes that way. He is our provider. He is our way maker. He is our restorer tonight. Isn't that right? Praise God. And prophet said, we realize that we are facing some one of the greatest hours that history has ever known. It isn't exactly the warhead with the bright shiny missile. He said, "But that we're afraid of." He said, "But it's the churches that we should be afraid of." It's the hour that we're living in that we should watch. Isn't that right? And last quote here, second coming of Christ, he said, "Brother, we're living in the church of God and the greatest hours that we're living in. It behooves us to check up." You could play some softly. It behooves us to check up. Go before God, light the candle of the word of the gospel, and examine ourselves and find out where we're falling short. Especially when we see all these things coming. We're at the end time and the coming of Christ is at hand. He said there's no other hope for the church. Look, and the church is lolly. And he said the church has no conscience no more. You can hardly wake them up. And the Bible said they would come in that condition when they say lo or Lord delay his coming. And they'll be devouring and fighting one another and so forth like that. My praise God time of famine. They can't even see. And yet they're fighting. Isn't that right? And so forth fighting around. It's just exactly that hour. Everything is ready prophecy and the pages is turned and as it was like that and it's ready the coming of the Lord. He said the Lutheran church lost our light. The Methodist church lost our light. The Baptist church lost our light. Every light seems to be gone. He said the Pentecostal everything Methodist acting like this and so forth. It's all gone back. One great con collaboration of sin. He said that's right. We are in the end time. The coming of the Lord. He said but here's the hope now. He said she had a house cleaning time. Oh, and that's what we want to have tonight, isn't it? He said she had a house cleaning time. Talking about that woman with the lost coin. She scrubbed old floors. She swept the walls. She took down the cobwebs. She kept on until she found what she had lost. Oh, you got to keep on until you find Oh, hallelujah. Find back that coin until you find your promise. Find your anointing. Find your power for your hour. Keep on tonight. And when she did, she called her little church sister churches to come now. I don't care if you're Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal. Let us rejoice together. Prophecy said when that time come, when the church finds its brotherly love, when the church finds its holy decency, and when the church finds its place in Christ, it'll call to the other members of the body. Come and rejoice with us. God wants the church to love him. I'm finished. Remember the Lord tonight. Let's all stand. Praise God. As you want to give the Lord a praise, offering our worship as brother C. Maliver come and sing us a worship song. God bless you. Oh, may you be filled with his spirit. May you be filled with his peace or this word of assurance. Oh, hallelujah. Regardless of what you're going through, praise God. Remember the Lord tonight. God bless you. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise tonight. Give him praise. Praise God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Just praise him tonight. Just praise him tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Give him praise, Lord. We worship you. We bless your name tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your word, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Praise your wonderful name. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Just take a minute and praise him tonight. Thank you for the word tonight, Lord. We love you. We praise you, Lord Jesus. We give you praise tonight. And we thank you Lord for answering every prayer. We thank you Lord for bringing your word to pass Lord. Oh Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Thank you Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We remember your word tonight. We remember the promises tonight Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, some through the waters, some through the flood, some through the fire, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. But God gives a song [Music] in the night season and all. Some through the waters, some through the flood. Oh, some through the fire, but all through the blood. Some through great sorrow, but God gives a song. in the night season and all the one more time. Some through the waters, some through the Oh, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood. Some through great sorrow, but God gives us all. You believe that tonight in the night season and all. Oh, just sing it one more time. Some through the waters. Some through the waters. Some through the flood. Some through the fire, but all through the blood. Hallelujah. Some through great sorrow. But God gives a song and in the night season all the day long praise him tonight. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Oh we remember the Lord tonight. We remember your word tonight. Oh, whether we are on a mountain top, whether we the valley, we remember you tonight, Father. You are the God of the mountain. You are the God of the valley tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Amen. How many appreciate the Lord tonight? How many appreciate the word tonight? Words of encouragement tonight. Encourage our hearts. Amen. Amen. God richly, bless your brother Anthony tonight. Amen. You appreciate God's servant tonight. Amen. Thank you for a word in due season. Amen. We feel encouraged tonight. Amen. Remembering the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes as we want to pray for the evening tithes and offering. Amen. Praise God. Heavenly Father, Lord, we pause at this time to pick up the tithes and offering Lord, as we bring it back into the storehouse, Father, we pray that you would bless that which is collected tonight. And may it be used for your honor and your glory. Bless your people as they give heartily, Lord. And may it be used for your honor and your glory. We commit it back into your hands tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. My brothers, come forward today. Hallelujah. Let's just sing a song, brother Gideon. Amen. Come into my heart. Amen. Just a simple little song tonight. Amen. Come into my heart. Come into my heart. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Come in today, Lord. Come in to stay. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Sing it tonight into my heart. Come in to my heart. Make it a prayer tonight. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Earth. Come to today. Come in to stay. Come to my heart. Lord Jesus as a music. Please just talk to him tonight. Just a few minutes. Oh yes, Lord. We surrender all to you tonight. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Come and fill your people tonight. Come and refill your people tonight Lord. We surrender all to you tonight Lord Jesus. Father Lord move over your people Lord. Change our position. Change our attitudes. Change our motives. Father Lord we surrender all to you tonight. Father Lord come in and fill us up tonight. Lord fill every fiber of our being tonight. Oh God. Here your people are tonight. Lord, we lay ourselves at your feet, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. One more time, sing, come in to my heart. Come in to my heart. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Come in today. Come in to stay. Come in to my heart, Lord Jesus. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Come and fill your people, Lord. We surrender all to you tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise God. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes as you want to dismiss tonight. Thank you, Father. Praise God. Heavenly Father, Lord, one more time. We are so grateful to have been here tonight. Hear the words that we have heard tonight to experience the presence of God in this place, Lord. Lord, your word came forth in power and your presence was real among your people, Father. Lord and you taught us along the way, Father. And even if we are in the valley, Lord, you are even there. You are there with us, Lord. Lord, and how we you you will bring the word to our remembrance, Father. Lord, and those that are sick, even when we are sick, we remember that you are a healer, Lord Jesus. Lord, when we are lost, we remember you are our savior, Father. Lord, oh God, may you bring it to our remembrance, Father. Lord, knowing who we are, Father. That we are the sons and daughters of God. That we are part of your bride tonight, Father. May we know who we are, Lord. Cuz when the bride gets to know who she is, then the rapture will go, Father. Lord God, may we take up every promise in the book that belongs to us, Father. Every redemptive right, Father. Bring it back to our remembrance. And may we plead the promises tonight, Father. Lord God, so many times we live under privilege, Father. forgetting who we are, Lord, and who'sse we are tonight. But oh God, Lord, show us the way, Father. Show us how to speak. Show us how to pray, Lord. Show us how to plead the promises, Father, Lord, and believe your word regardless of what the situation is. Lord, only believe. Father, we thank you tonight for your word. We thank you for your servant, Lord. Bless him 100fold. Brother Anthony O'Brien, Father, bless him, Lord. God, bless his wife. Bless his family, Lord. fill him and refill him with your spirit and your presence and your love Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Remember the sick and afflicted Lord with faith believing Father. We know Lord that you are going to heal total and complete healing to every sick person Lord in this tabernacle. Father Lord we claim their deliverance. We claim their total and complete restoration in Jesus' name. In Jesus' name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you for the victory tonight. We thank you for your overcoming grace tonight. We thank you Lord God. We bless your name tonight. Give him a shout tonight. Give him a praise tonight father. We thank you Lord God. We glorify your name tonight Lord for answering every prayer Lord. And we claim the victory in Jesus name. Lord bless your people father tonight as we would leave this place but not from your presence. Go with every home both here and online Lord. Lord and we commit everyone into your hands. Remember your servant our pastor Lord. Lord, continue to bless him and keep him and strengthen him, Father, in the name of Jesus. We hold him up in into your presence tonight, Lord. Bless him and keep him, Father, his wife and family. Lord, every home, every young person, every brother, every sister, every family, we place them in your hands tonight. But no devil could pluck them out of your hands tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Bless us as we will leave this place and bring us back to the appointed time. Bless the Zoom service on Friday, Lord. Bless the service on Sunday in the name of Jesus Christ. Take your people home safely in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you tonight. It was good to have been here tonight. Amen. Amen. Lord bless his servant brother Anthony. Amen. What a word from the Lord. Amen. Whatever you do, remember the Lord tonight. Turn around and tell somebody, "Remember the Lord." Amen. As we sing that little song, every promise in the book. Every promise in the book. Remember the Lord. Remember the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Remember the words of the Lord. Amen. Remember the promises of the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he never fails. Amen. Remember the Lord. Amen. He cannot fail tonight. Amen. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine, mine, mine. Jesus is mine, mine, my mine. Jesus is mine. Jesus is my savior day by day. Hallelujah. My m my God bless you tonight. Oh, singing mine, my m my hallelujah. Jesus is mine, my m my. Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is my savior. Day by day, my Jesus is mine. Hallelujah. Glory. Jesus is my glory. Hallelujah. Jesus is my Oh, Jesus is my savior. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Jesus is heat.
