################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-20 - Called To Stand And Withstand - Bro. Gideon Ovid - Gideon Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-20
Title:    Called To Stand And Withstand - Bro. Gideon Ovid
Speaker:  Gideon Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVvG65Uxh4A
========================================

Description:
This message was given on Wednesday 19th March 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand tonight. Jehovah is your name, mighty warrior, great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Mighty warrior, great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Jehovah. Jehovah is your name. [Music] Jehovah is your name. Mighty [Music] warrior in battle. Jehovah is your name. Mighty warrior, mighty warrior, great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Oh, let's give him praise tonight. Let's give him glory. Lift up your heads gates. Lift up your hands tonight. Oh ye saints of his. Glory hallelujah. And give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Glory to God tonight. Well, we certainly are happy to be in his presence. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles. Psalms chapter 91. We would like to read from tonight for scripture reading. Amen. As we pray and start the service tonight in the presence of the Lord. Psalm chapter 91 from verse one says, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noise ofome pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust. His truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flyth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness, nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy side, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee. Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold, and see the reward of the wicked, because thou has made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high, thy habitation. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let's bow our heads together. Almighty God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy, Lord. Lord, you promise to be our shield or our buckler, Lord. Father, our exceeding great reward tonight. Lord, you are the one we look to, Father, when all else fails. Lord, you are the absolute tonight. We thank you for your word. Lord, we come into this place now to worship you and to praise you, to create uh to create an atmosphere, Lord, as it were, around the word of God, Lord, in anticipation for what you would speak to us tonight, Lord. We wait on you tonight, Father. We pray that your presence would come as we sing praises unto your name. May you lift us up, Lord, Lord, in strength, Lord, of spirit. the Lord may uh uh uh anoint your speaker tonight, Father, as he prepares himself to be used of you mightily. We pray that you use his words, Father, to be an in inspiration, Lord, to be a light, Lord, Father, to our path that we may see something tonight, Lord, that would help us to grab hold of your promised word. Grant it all tonight. We commit this service into your hands. We pray that you'd have your perfect way in this place, Lord. We commit it in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And amen. Oh, why don't you give the Lord praise tonight? Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, Lord, you're [Music] beautiful. Oh, your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this shine, your grace abounds to me. Oh, sing Lord. Lord, your beauty. Oh, your face is all I see. Oh, and when your eyes, our child, oh your grace abounds to me, oh Lord. Oh, sing it alone. Lord, you're beautiful. Oh yes, your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this child, oh your grace abounds to me. Oh, one more time. Sing it along. Lord, you're beautiful. Oh, and your face is all I see. [Music] Oh, and when when your eyes are on this child, oh, your grace abound to me now give the Lord a praise offering right now. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, please light the fire. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, light the fire. Oh, that once burned bright. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, and night. Oh, the lamb of my first son. Oh, that burn with holy fear. Oh, hallelujah. I need you more. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, more than yesterday. I need you more. Oh, more than words can say. Oh, more than words can say. I need you more. Oh, ever before. I need you more. Oh, I need you more. Oh, more than the air I breathe. Oh, more than the song I sing, more than the next heartbeat. Oh, more than anything, more than Lord, as time goes by, I'll be by your side. I'll be by your side. Cuz I never want to go back to my old life. I need you more. Oh, more than today. I need you more. Oh, more than words. Oh, more than words can say I need you more. more than ever before. I need you more. I need you, Lord. Oh, give him praise this tonight. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, give him praise this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Jesus on the inside, working on the Yeah. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, well, now it's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, I know it's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Say hello, Lord. What a change. Oh, in my life. Oh, Jesus. Well, I've got Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. And oh, what a change in my life. Oh, and it's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, it's Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. I know in my life know what a change in my Oh well. I've got joy. I've got joy on the inside and it's working on the outside. Ooh, what a change in my life. I've got joy. I've got joy on the inside and it's working on me. And oh, what a change in my life. I've got joy. I've got joy on the inside and it's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Singing, oh, oh, I change. Oh, in my life. Oh, I've got peace. I've got peace on thee. And it's working on thee. And oh, what a change in my life. I've got peace. Well, I've got peace on the inside and it's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, I've got peace on the inside working on the outside. I know what a change in my life. Sing it. Oh, what a change in my life. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Glory. Peace on the inside. Jesus on the inside. Oh, what a change. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, change. Celebrate your change. Well, I've got Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, singing. Oh, what a change angel in my life. Oh, one more time. Well, I've got Jesus on the inside and he's working on the outside. I know what a change in my life. I've got Jesus. I've got Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, I've got Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, oh, what a change. Oh, in my life. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Amen. Oh, give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise tonight. Oh, hallelujah. How many want the reign of his presence tonight? Amen. Lift up your hands. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh rain down. Oh tonight comforter and friend. How we need your touch. How we need your touch again. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit rain. Lift down and sing. Rain down. Oh, rain down. Oh yes. comfort and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Oh spirit, rain down. One more time. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, rain, rain down with all your heart. Just sing it. Oh, rain, rain now. Oh, comfort and friend. Oh, how we need your touch again. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain, rain down. Let the fire fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts, oh whilst we stand on your word. Oh, Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, now give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Rain down. Oh, rain down. Oh, rain of your love. Hallelujah. Rain of your power, rain of your spirit, rain of your fire. Oh, how we need your touch. Oh, hallelujah. Lift your voice. Lift him up. Lift your voices tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cast your cares upon him. Oh, release your desire into the atmosphere of faith and God will fulfill it tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, this is the atmosphere for miracles to take place. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. You are able. Oh, you can do it tonight. Holy Spirit. Oh, Holy Spirit. Rain, rain down. One more time. Oh, rain, rain down. Oh, comfort and friend. Oh, how we need your touch again. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain now. Oh, rain now. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, pray now. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Rain now. Oh, rain down on me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, ask him to rain. Oh, ask him for rain tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate you. We love you. Oh, we love you. We adore you. Oh, and I bow down before you, heavenly father. Oh, I appreciate you with all your heart. Now, just lift them up and just sing. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate you, oh Lord. Oh heavenly father, I a priest. She hate you. Oh, I love you. I adore you. And I bow down before you. Heavenly Father I bring she a you one more time. Oh heavenly father I appreciate you. Oh heavenly father, oh heavenly father, I pray she ate you. Oh and I love you. Adore you and I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Oh, I love you. I adore you. One more time. I bow down. Oh, do you bow down tonight? Oh heavenly father I appreciate you. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh maring to Zion. Oh beautiful, beautiful Zion. Zion. Oh my chin upward to Zion, that beautiful city of God. One more time. Oh, we are maring to Zion. Oh, beautiful, beautiful Zion Zion. We are maring upward. Oh that beautiful city. Oh with all your hearts now we are marching. We are maring to Zion. Oh beautiful beautiful. Oh we're maring upward to Zion that beautiful city. Oh one more time we are marching to Zion. Oh beautiful, beautiful Zion. Oh my chin up to Zion. Oh hallelujah. Are you are you on expectation tonight? Amen. As you welcome to the platform our precious brother Gideon who will be ministering to us tonight. Let's all worship the Lord together as he comes. We're marching to Zion. Are you marching tonight? Oh hallelujah. Praise God. God bless you. Beautiful city of one more time. We are maring to Zion. God bless. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We are maring to Zion, beautiful city. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, we're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We are maring upward unto Zion, the beautiful city of God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. You love the Lord this evening. Blessed be his holy name. Have you been blessed? It sure feels good in here tonight. What worship, what singing, what music. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother Steven, brother Anthony. Amen. Blessed be his name. What a mighty God we serve, eh? Amen. While you're standing, I'd like to invite you to the scripture so we could read a couple verses there. I know we'll have a time. Reading from the book of Ephesians, reading from verse 10-1 17. Ephesians 6 verse 10-17. And it says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that ye may ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand, stand therefore, having your loins g about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shut with the preparation of the gospel of peace. Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. May we bow our heads as we have a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is to gather together tonight, Lord. Lord, to fellowship around your word, Lord. Lord, anybody could read the scriptures, Lord, but but it takes you and your your your presence and your power and your Holy Ghost to breathe life into it, Lord. Lord, I pray that you quicken onto our hearts tonight, Lord. That that you would weave together the the few broken up words that I have put together here, Lord. Lord, I pray that you speak to your people lip to ear tonight, those that are connected on the internet or may see it even afterwards. Lord, I pray that you would minister unto them, Lord. Lord that you'd open their understanding, open their minds, their hearts, Lord, and pour out such a blessing upon them as never was seen before, Lord. Lord, I pray that every need be met, Lord. Anybody that's sick in our midst, may they be healed, Lord. Lord, those that might be weary, I pray that you would lift them up, raise them up, Lord. Lord, so we can worship and praise you and receive from you all that you have set out for us and predestinated for us tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would take me out to the way, Lord, and you you would use me as a vessel, Lord, just to deliver a message to your people, Lord. Lord, I pray that you have your perfect will in in in everything that will be said, everything that will be done tonight, Lord, with me be careful to give you all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. for our title tonight called to stand and withstand and I had to research it there's a fundamental difference between standing and withstanding to stand is to hold your post hold your position to stay firm to stay fixed wherever you are to withstand is to provide resistance opposition to rub the enemy so you're not just waiting for them to come but you're going after them to drive them out. Amen. So, we want to examine in this scripture that was read the few verses there because I believe there's a lot for us to uncover for an inspiration. The whole armor of God, not part of it. We want the whole thing. It's the only way you could be fortified if you're fully covered from head to toe. Everything must be accounted for. Amen. Not part the whole armor. Amen. I have news for you tonight. In case you don't know, I want to make you aware that there's a recruitment drive taking place. God is looking for soldiers. Not just any kind of soldiers. He looking for volunteers who could be trained who listen, he want you to to to go through trials and testing and shaping and molding. He want to bring you into his image so he could use you because he want to have an elite group to work with. It's not for everybody. It's not for people who might be tired and weary and you have doubt and you're not sure if you could make it. If that's your mindset tonight, it's not for you. And that's okay. He said the church have three types of believers. But he's out to to to get members of his army. He's out to find you wherever you are. On the highways, in the byways, in the front, in the back. It doesn't matter your condition tonight. He's coming after you. He's sending his blood hung to get you. And guess what? He want trained men who could stand and withstand the enemy, not just stand up. You're not just a security guard and this is your poster duty and you stay here for 12 or 24 hours. No, no, no, no, no. You have to move strategically. You have to gather intel and know the weak points so you can know when to attack and how to attack. You need to be able to take instructions like in Joshua time when he said listen in 3 days we going over no logic. It don't have place for reasoning. It don't have place for affection. It have no place for let me consult with my partner and see what he might think about it. It's just God says so and we moving. If he promised it, we moving. We moving with the cloud. Wherever the pillar of fire goes, we going to Hallelujah. You must be determined. You must be focused. You must be strong. But guess what? There's a little catch. The catch is the battle is not even yours. The battle is the is the Lord's. He will fight for you. It wouldn't be you. It'll be Christ in you, the hope of glory. But he still need you. Why? Listen. In perfect strength by perfect weakness. Brother Brandham said in paragraph 340, he said, "Listen, God's strategy is to take empty human vessels and shake the world with them." That's why he need us. That is why he need us to surrender and yield ourselves to him because he need empty vessels. Not full of your own thoughts and ideas. Not full of yourself. Not full with pride and jealousy and envy. No, empty it out. He want you to pour it out and surrender to him because he want empty vessels that he could direct, that he could use. He have no hands but your hands. He have no feet but your feet and he is determined to get the victory. So you have to now be able to follow his instructions, follow his lead, follow what the Holy Spirit said is applicable to you. He said, "Listen, like at Pentecost, what did did did he do? It taken them 10 days to get emptied up. Emptied up. Not just a parade to be empty. But they were all standing there with their vessels turned up and God took himself and filled them up. That's all. They shook the world, poured himself into them. That's the need of today. That's what we need tonight. That's what we need is empty vessels. Yes, sir. So God can fill them up. You cannot take them. I got to to to to bypass a lot here. God cannot use them as long as they're already filled up. You can't come with your own thing and expect he to come and pour himself in a full vessel. No, it wouldn't work. He say he got to have empty vessels so he could fill them. Elijah in his time, and I'm sure you know the story, he said, "Go get some vessels. Borrow a lot of oil and we'll see. Get a good price because you want to accomplish something. You're going to do something. You want to get as much vessels as possible because you want to be able to be filled up." He said, "Listen, go by the neighbor if you have to." He said, "Get empty vessels." In essence, do whatever it takes. Do whatever it takes to find yourself in position to be blessed. Do whatever it takes to find yourself in the position for God to use you. You can't be confused and you're tied up and you're busy. He want to speak to you. He want to have a relationship with you. So do whatever it takes to make time to spend time with Jesus. Do whatever it takes. Shift things on your schedule. You might be a little too busy for him right now, but you need to do whatever it takes to make sure you're empty. Amen. Because he car you say if you're full he said that's all you need. That's what it was at Pentecost. They had empty vessels so God could fill them up. Brother, this day demands that. He didn't say it's an option or no. He didn't say we we might need some vessels. He said this day demands that. Amen. This day got to have that. We'll have that or perish. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. That's the word of the Lord. You know, perfect strength by perfect weakness. You know, when brother Brandham preached a message, the greatest battle ever fought, he said something at the beginning that I think is so profound, similar to when the Bible said, "Remember Lot's wife." There was a reason he said that so you could go back and check it and you could hold it close and you could renew it. So your memory wouldn't fail. You'll remember Lot's wife. In this case, here's what what he said in paragraph 3:25 of the greatest battle ever fought. He say, "Now, this is what I'm saying this morning. It's storing food." He used the reference of storing food. He say, "So you'll have something to eat so that you'll have something to feast on. Get it on your tapes." This was his instruction. Get it on your tapes. Set in a cool of the room. Maybe when I'm long ways away, you'll still remember these things are true. He didn't want you forget. He says, "Set in your room and listen." See, and this is food storing in in the storehouse. I don't know where the trip is, but wherever it is, he knows where he's leading. I just follow. Now, this was the prophet's attitude. You say, "Listen, the things I'm going to share, I want you to tape it, listen to it, meditate upon it, remember it because I wouldn't always be here. And this is the truth and this is right. This is the word of God. So I want to ensure that you keep this close to your heart." Amen. And then he went on and he read the scripture I read earlier there about the whole armor of God. So I just want to suppose that there's great significance to that. So there's not just English words that they put together for us to read and feel good, but it's a specific deliberate instruction he gave because he knew in this time in this evil age we will need certain types of equipment. We will need certain we will meet certain conditions and it will require a certain thing from us. So we can't be lacadasical and just relax because if there's a battle to take place, you have to prepare for it. When the children of Israel was leaving Egypt, they had to prepare. You know, it wasn't just, you know, you know, we in slavery for years. You know, my forefathers used to talk about this and I hear word word through the grape vine or on the street is that we leaving tomorrow. I'm not too sure. No, it wasn't that. You know, it was specific instructions. You had to eat a particular way. You had to dress a particular way. You had to have your shoes on. You had to have your staff. You had to to follow the instructions to a te to leave, you know. When you're preparing for war, you can't just sit down and you're relaxing on your lying and boy I hear it might have a battle sometime you know the enemy might attack but we not sure it don't work so the cub scout motor is always be prepared you know you can have a strike anytime you know you know now we have fancy technology drone strikes and thing so it come in program pre-programmed using AI from a distance you know you can't just sit down and you would be further You're the ashes. You finish before you start. But when you're prepared, listen, the enemy looking for you, you know, because they hear of your rep. They understand that you prayed up, that you fasting, that you meditating, that you following the prescription of the Holy Spirit. So you ready for anytime, anywhere, any place, under any condition, anything that happened to you, you prepared. Now that is the soldier in the army of the Lord. Not just any soldier. He not looking for a little guard here and a little person here. No, no, no. He looking for elite soldiers. He looking for trained folks. People who went under tutors and governors, line upon line, precept upon pre. He looking for people who could take the word and hand it there that could slice and cut that could declare the word of God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. But you see he said in Amos he said listen there will be a famine in the land in this time there will be a famine not for things not for churches you know not for groups not for songs you could find that a dime a dozen everywhere but this is what it says in Amos 8:11 he said behold the days come said the Lord God that I will send a famine in the and not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the word of God, that unadulterated true word of God that can't fail, that could go out and will never return void. But accomplish everything it set out to accomplish. That is what there'll be a famine for. But you hear what he said. He said, "Listen, you want to place this in your storehouse." He said, "You want to put this in a in a place that you could listen to it. Make sure it's on the tapes. Make sure it's on the internet. Make sure it's recorded so you could go back and listen. That you could go back and teach your children. That you could write it down. And you will never forget. That under no circumstance are you to be found naked, you must be found with the full armor from head to toe. Full armor all the time. This is not a Sunday soldier. We talking about not a Wednesday night soldier. Somebody who 24/7 every day fully prepared for anything. Hallelujah. Listen. Satan in a message just one more time. Lord. Hallelujah. Paragraph 15. He says Satan has no more power. I told news. We know that no more power only as he can bluff with. He's a big bluff. Yeah. If he could bluff you into it, he win. He get through. But he have no power. Legally, he has no power at all. Every power he had was taken away from him at Calvary. That's where the price was paid. He is nothing but a bluff. So he could say whatever he want. I will give you a local example. Now understand parliament was was dissolved last night. Right now we have no MPs. No MPs. You might have been an MP yesterday, your power gone. It eliminated until elections because you can't be a member of parliament if there's no parliament. Amen. So this devil, this Satan we talking about, he have no power at all. His power was taken from him at Calvary. It listen it disappeared. He cannot get it back legally. He has no rights to you. You have been purchased. You have been paid for. You have been spoken for. Listen here. Here what he says. Hallelujah. He said you are free tonight. He has made you free. And now if something in the word can make you realize that you are free by his grace or if something realize and the word makes you understand or some act of God that it included you, it included us all then you just accept it on those basis and you're free also. You don't have to feel different. You know, he said you don't have to feel anything at all. It's not based upon He said Jesus never said, "Did you feel it?" We do that when whenever we have earthquakes, but it's not an earthquake we're talking about. Listen, this freedom, who the son of man set free, free indeed. You know, by his grace and know, you didn't have anything to do with it. You know, he said you don't have to feel anything. He said, "Did you believe it?" It's faith. It's our faith is an arm, a mighty arm that holds a sharp two-edged sword. And that sharp two-edged sword will cut every promise free. If that arm of faith is able to yield that sword, some people have very weak muscle, trouble with their muscles. They can't move too much. They can maybe cut off a a little scratch enough to join a church. Amen. Others can come into justification. Some can go all the way to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. A great strong arm holding this Bible can cut every promise free. That's right. So, be strong in the Lord. If you remember that scripture and I want to go through it, I would say slowly but quickly because I know time is running away. In Ephesians 6, we read that scripture. It seems like six, seven verses, seven, eight verses. It says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord." Listen, I could recall Joshua chapter 1 verse 9. He said, "Have I not commanded thee? Be strong and have a good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with with thee, whethersoever thou goest." So, here's what was going on. God said, "Listen, be strong. I don't want you to worry. I don't want you to complain. I don't want you to be afraid. I don't want you to be frightful. I want you to be strong." Why? Because I am with you. Wherever you go, I am going to be there. David in Psalms 18, hear what he said. He said, "I will love thee, oh Lord, my strength. The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. My God, my strength." Who was his strength? God was his strength. Not the soldiers, not the bodyguards. This is David we talking about. In whom I will trust, my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower, I will call upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised. So shall I be saved from my enemies. So he say listen this same Lord that is my tower, my strength, my buckler, my shield. Listen, he will save me from my enemies. In essence, it's not him doing it. It's not how skillfully he could fight, you know. It's how big his faith is. Because his faith is what holding that sword. His faith holding that word. And that word will slice and cut. That word will conquer. That word will ensure that your unbelief could disappear. That word activates healing. That will listen activate your filling of the Holy Spirit. I say in the power of his might. In the power of his might. his might, not yours. Not how much you go to the gym and how much protein you take and how much push-ups you could do. In Zechariah 4, here what it says. He said, then he answered and spake unto me, saying, this is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, not by might, not not by my might, not by yours, he said, listen, nor by power, but by my spirit, said the Lord of hosts. In Ephesians 6:11, he says, "Put on the whole armor of God." Not part. He say, "Put put on the shield and it going to look fine." Could model in that. Take a picture for GQ. No. He say the whole armor. That ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Why would he say that? Not just stand because he know the devil come in. The devil not impressed by you. You know he not watching you and in admiration and say you see that son of God they're doing real good you know I like the progress he making year after year his faith growing he getting stronger I admire that that's not what's going on you know listen I remember recently having a discussion with somebody and we say listen you are no match for the devil you are no match for the devil I'm not concerned how much church you're attending if you come Sunday and Wednesday you as a human, as an individual is no match for this devil. You know why? Listen, that is his specialization. To terrorize you, to attack you, to fight you, to find your weaknesses and cut you down. He looking every day, day and night, tossing to and fro. He not resting, he not sleeping because his goal is kill, steal, destroy. Once he can, he will. Yeah. So don't think for a second it easy going nothing to worry about the devil don't touch me that's your testimony no no no no no no no listen every day he after you know he after you he after your marriage he after your finances he after your children anything he could get his hand on you remember Job you say listen touch anything except his life you see things things he touch he didn't just touch Job you know he touch his children too you know he he touch his family, his flocks too, you know. He touch his finances too. He touch his wealth. You know, he touch his relationship with his wife, with his friends, with everybody. You know, everything that could be touched, got touched, you know, except his life, you know. But you say, listen, though the skin wounds destroy my body. Yet in my flesh, I will see him because he had an assurance. Listen, he had such a relationship that nothing, listen, nothing present, past, no pestilence, no war, no rumor, listen, could stop him from the love of God, you know, could separate him, you know, he was so convinced like like like the the Hebrew boys, listen, if he don't deliver, we still not bowing down because they were so convinced. Hallelujah. So listen, the Bible say the ws of the devil. But listen, in perseverance, it said but sin is here everywhere. Whiskey joints, immorality, just everything that's wrong. All kind of devices and traps of the enemy. You know what? To trap human souls. That's right. Not to trap your feelings, you know, not to trap your mind, you know, to trap your soul. In verse 12 that we read, it say, "Listen, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood." Come on now. In 1st Samuel 17, here's what it says in verse 41. It says, "And the Philistine," talking about David again. Now, we know the story. David Sle golat is a summarized version. If you ask Chhat Chhat Chad GPT, that's what it'll say. David Sle golat. But what you may have missed is the fact that the Bible say we wrestle not against flesh and blood. So David and Goliath wasn't a flesh and blood affair. It wasn't a flesh and blood issue cuz the maths don't add up. If you take the little boy David and the giant Goliath, the maths don't add up. But let me show you something in scripture. 1st Samuel 17. Here's what it says. And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David. And the man that bear the shield went before him. This is speaking of Golth. So there was a man with a shield going before Goliath. Yeah. So in the fama, God did say, "Have a shield there." But there was a shield in front Golth. Went before him. And when the Philistine looked about and saw David, he disdained him, for he was but a youth, and ruddy and a fair countenance. And the Philistine said unto David, "Am I a dog that thou comest to me with staves?" And Philistine, the Philistine cursed David by his gods. And the Philistine said to David, "Come with me, and I will give thy flesh to the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field." Then said David unto the Philistine, listen, "Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield, so he identify the devices of the enemy of that day." Amen. He say a sword, a spear, and a shield. But here what he came with. But I come to thee in the name of the Lord of hosts, the God of the army of Israel, whom thou hast defied. This day, listen, this day will the Lord deliver thee into mine hands, and I will smite thee, and take thine hand from thee, and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and the wild beasts of the earth. Listen. That all the earth may know that there's a God in Israel. And all this assembly shall know, here, here what you want the assembly to know. that the Lord God saveth not with a sword and a spear. For the battle is the Lord's and he will give you into our hands. So he is not going to protect you because he give you a gun and a spear and a sword. No, no, no, no, no. The battle is the Lord's and he will give the enemy into your hands. Amen. He said, "But against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, the rulers of darkness in the greatest battle ever fought," paragraph 3:27, he says, "Who rules the world?" The devil, certainly. Who is all these things going on? All these ungodly things going on around through here, these governments and so forth, it's all the devil. The Bible said so. The devil controls the US, the Germany, the you name it. The devil controls every nation in the world. I'm coming to it in a few minutes and we'll find out whether he does or not. Whether every kingdom ever was and ever will be until God set up his kingdom is controlled by the devil. I don't mean everybody in it is the devil. Now, there's godly men in government offices. That's right. But who we battling against? Not the men, you know, up against spiritual wickedness in high places. In verse 13, he say, listen, wherefore take unto you the whole armor. He say says it again, take the whole armor. So don't forget that the whole armor that ye may be able to withstand. And like I said earlier, withstand means to resist or hold out against something successfully. Amen. So when you're withstanding, you're not just standing and taking licks. No. fighting back. You're fighting back. Yeah. You reign in your own blows. You're not You're not a bubbly, you know. Listen, you're trained for war. You're trained for battle. You're trained to attack. You're trained to go out fortified to defend yourself. But listen, you're trained to defend, defend, defend, and you going back, going back, getting pushed back. You know, no, you you're trained to attack as well. When when he tells Joshua, every place you put your foot, you think he he sit down and say, Hear what now? God promised me this. So I using a binoculars to look out and the further I look is the more that I'll accomplish. No, no, no. Listen. You had to do something. You know, you had to move. You had to go out. You had to resist and withstand. Now listen. Hallelujah. In a message, the true sign that's overlooked. Paragraph 241, it says, watch now. Malachi 4. Let let me read this. He's going to come again. Behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an orphan. And all the proud, yes, that's today. I walk down the street and see this people. You can talk to them and they laugh at you, make fun of you. I think, what is it? The other day I was walking down. Let me just skip down a little bit. He said, "Get yourself ready. G up your loins. I'm calling you. That's the reason I'm waiting for. Behold the day cometh that shall burn as an oven." And it goes on and he says, "Unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness rise with healing in his wings." He said, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." No, it couldn't have been John. It could not because the world would have been destroyed then. But here he said in Matthew 3 sends a messenger before him. And Jesus says that's the Elijah that was to come to prepare a way before me. But before this great atomic bomb hits, I'll send you Elijah the prophet and he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers. Least I come and smite the earth with a curse. And we know the scripture prophecy in this day. But now you say, "Oh, that Elijah was to be John. The messenger of the covenant was John truly." That's exactly right. Jesus said so and verified it here. That's the one I spoke of. But you see, it couldn't be the Elijah that was to come. See, it couldn't be because, you see, if it would, then the prophecy would be wrong. The earth wasn't destroyed back then. See, but before that great and terrible day, the day we living in, the Lord shall come before the Lord comes, I'll send you Elijah, and he will restore, watch his first coming, the hearts of the fathers to the children. Amen. That's what he did first. Brought the message of the new dispensation, the coming of Christ, now pulling the old Orthodox fathers away from that Orthodox faith into a new faith that had just been born. Then when he comes the second time and the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal father, the original message, it goes on now in events made clear by prophecy. It says, "And when you see the church getting worldly like it was in the days of Sodom, see the church world all going into worship the God of this evil age and seeing that then seeing a little minority group like this one tonight gathered out under the inspiration of God producing again the life of Jesus Christ by the scriptures that's supposed to happen." You know what hour we living in? Amen. The Bible fortell by prophecy what day that we live in and what time we living and what kind of events ought to be taking place. It foretells it exactly to the letter and has never missed one age all the time. Not one time it ever missed and it won't for who are predestinated to see it will see it. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except the father draws him. And all that the father has given me will come." It's the word joining with the word. It can't do anything else. We know it. We know the day we live in is evil. But the scripture said, "And having done all to stand." Stand generally means to be in an upright position or to hold your position. Amen. Hold a particular position. Stand therefore having your loins girth. Let's just take the loins. G about was a girdle. That's the belt that holds the rest together. So we can't leave any piece out. You know because if you leave the belt, how it holding together? If you leave the helmet and your head exposed. If you leave the shield, how do you defend? If you leave the sword, how do you attack? Amen. Right. He said, "Listen, in the day, brother, when there's all kind of isms and fanaticism, it's time to gird yourself with the truth." Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I am the truth." The truth. I tell you, when people say, "What about this? What about that?" It's good to see that old truth buckled around you. Knowing where you stand. He said, "Then stand there. Let them say, well, you have this, that, and the other." You you know where you're standing. Have the whole armor buckled on and with a girth around here. Buckle down good and tight. Pull down with the truth of God's word anchored in your heart. All devils in hell can't upset you because you know where you stand. You know truth. [Applause] You can meet Satan and say it's written. Hallelujah. Oh, I tell you brother, did you take up servant serpent? Somebody come to to taunt you. Yeah. You're saying no, but I believe Jesus Christ. They say, "Did you do this or that or the other?" You're saying, "No, sir, but I received the baptism of the Holy Ghost buckled about and armor on, girded with truth." In John in in John chapter 14, Jesus said unto him, he said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me." And listen to this story. And I I know nothing I'm saying is new. You know, I know you're aware of all these things, but I hope that by sharing it again that we accentuate the positive and it become fresh and more real and more meaningful to you. Listen, in this message, perseverance, paragraph 238, it says, "A man here some time ago was telling me said he went, you know, a a little bitty devil about that big stood before me one time in a dream. He said the devil said boo. And every time he heard it, he'll jump back. He got bigger and I got littleer. So the man was getting smaller and smaller. He said the first thing you know, boo and I jump back and every time go boop bump at him. Said he get back, get back, get back. Said he got bigger than I was. So the the the the devil was getting bigger than him. See, I didn't find nothing, but I know I had to fight him. I picked up a Bible and he went boom. I went boo. All of a sudden, the devil start getting smaller. Because you now start to get into, listen, not just into action or know, but you come into attack mode. You're not just taking licks. I say you're not a bully. You're putting on the armor because you're called to stand and withstand. Amen. So the long and short is he continued saying boo until the devil disappeared. The devil became so small it was insignificant. He say that's what you have to do. Take the word of God. You don't have to say boo necessarily, you know, but say thus said the Lord. Be perseverant. Stand on the word because the word is truth. The word is life. We believe the word today. We believe it like Micaiah believe it. We believe it like the rest of them believers. No matter how many say it's wrong, we know it's true. Jesus Christ is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. He that believeth on me, the works that I do, you will do also. Could any man heal you? No, sir. It's already done. You've already been healed. Can any man save you? It's already been done. How many believe that he was wounded for our transgression? He was bruised for our iniquities. Is that right? And by his stripes we were healed. Past tense. We were healed. Hallelujah. That's not a tonight thing. Everything he can do for you is already done. He already set you free. You know, he already delivered you. You know, listen. The same scripture said, "And having on the breastplate of righteousness, that's another part of the armor." And God had a pro a provided way. He says, "Now we realize that sin is only one thing. That's unbelief. Sin is in the singular sins. You are a sinner because you are unbeliever. You are a Christian because you are a believer. It doesn't mean now one time, many times I've said that smoking, drinking, gambling, committing adultery, lying, and that isn't sin. That's the attributes of unbelief. That's what unbelief produces. That's the reason you do it because you're unbeliever. But when you become a believer, then all these things shed off and it's a new life of belief that produces righteousness. So when they say put on the breastplate of righteousness, they say peace, joy, love, longsuffering, goodness, patience, gentleness, that's the attributes because you are a believer. Now God, did you ever stop and think just for a little bit? Let's look at the scripture. I love it. It's God's pathway. God want righteousness. You know, he wants you to give up the attributes of sin. He want you to live right and act right and speak right and do right. That's what he desires. That is what he wants. That is his provided way. The scripture goes on to say in verse 15, "And your feet shred with the preparation of the gospel of peacemen." The gospel or you see God called every one of us to be a witness to be a preacher. Not everybody might be behind the pulpit, but he called you to be a preacher. Amen. He say your feet have to be shut with the preparation of the gospel of peace. In St. Mark 11:15-20, he said unto them, go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. Speaking to every disciple. He didn't tell them go into all the world and start churches everywhere. He didn't say form little groups everywhere. He said go out and preach to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. But he that believeth not shall be damned. It was simple and clear in verse 17. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven and sat on the right hand of God and went forth and preached. Listen, they went forth and preached everywhere. The Lord working with them and confirming the words with signs following. So he give them a commission and followed through. He tell them what to do. Go everywhere, preach to every creature. Those who believe and are baptized will be saved. Those who don't will be damned. Go forth. Bye-bye. But he walking with them, you know. He going to make sure to listen to enforce his word. You know to enforce listen that he confirmed the word with signs following them. He didn't leave them alone. He said he will never leave you. You're not on your own. You might be fighting as an individual, but you're not alone. You know, he's always there, you know. No matter how you feel, he always there. You know, he always there backing you up. You know, telling you keep on fighting, keep on pressing. You could do it because he need human vessels to work with. He can't just exist by himself and do his own thing. He need you to come in position so you could do your part. But he will confirm his part. In verse 16 of that original scripture, he said, "Above all, taking the shield of faith." And when I read the term above all, it reminded me of somebody saying, "Most importantly, I don't want you forget." So I tell you a lot of stuff before, but above everything else. So if by chance it's shaky, I don't want you to forget this part. this real critical that I want you to be focused. I want you to be awake. I want you to ensure that you remember this part well. He said take in the shield of faith. Because you're not going into the battle without protection. You must have a defense mechanism in place. It come like listen, imagine you're in the TTPS or some some military group and you going gunslinging without a bulletproof vest. That's right. How you doing that? I understand you're a hero. I know you're very experienced, but sense will tell you here. What? Put on a bulletproof vest. Because in the event the enemy attack and you didn't anticipate it, you have a form of protection. Amen. Now, faith is based on forgiveness. Amen. And then we we said trying to get the church into place to where we could really see apostolic times moving among us. That's what we all hunger. It just laying right at the door. You know, the prophet speaking. He say it's right there. We see it, but we want to see more of it. We want it such to flow that it'll be a help to us, us flow to others. Let me read that once more. Now faith is based on forgiveness then. And then as we said this morning, trying to get the church into a place to where we could really see apostolic times moving among us. That's what we all hunger. And it's just laying right at the door. Imagine you could almost touch it. Hallelujah. You could almost reach it. But we want to see more. We want to just flow. That's why you have to have that. But guess what? In second Peter 1-5 sorry 2 Peter 1 5-10 it says beside this speaking of faith giving all diligence he say add to your faith so faith don't just exist by itself faith have friends yeah it say add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness and to godliness brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness his charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off and had forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. We don't want to forget tonight. Wherefore rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. Oh, all this fall under listen above all else you know have faith have faith make sure and have faith he say for if you do these things ye shall never fail so that is why it's important to have that shield but it goes on and say in the scripture wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked remember I tell the the devil working overtime the devil out to get you Right. In a message, it is I be not afraid. He said, I was preaching the other night on the name of the Lord is a tower where the righteous run into it and are safe. Amen. Aren't you glad to be in there tonight? A great safety zone where all the devil's darts are passed away by our shield of faith. To know that we are standing in that safety zone, anchored in Christ, safe as we can be in there. Not even death itself could harm us. We already dead. Our lives are hid in God through Christ sealed in there by the Holy Ghost. Isn't that wonderful? In verse 17 it says, "And take the helmet of salvation." Now the helmet as we know is a covering for the head. But I want to say a great tactic of the enemy is to attack up here. You see your reasoning? You see the mind is the battleground. Now notice in a message should take on the whole armor of God. Paragraph 40 it says, "Now notice Satan tried to get in there to spy out to see how he could get a hold of that human race and he took one of the most famous tactics that well it showed that he had to be super he had to have a supernatural power to think about it. So he couldn't just come up with this. You couldn't think about it. It took a supernatural power to come up with this. He said he used this the first time and was successful and he's done it ever since. You remember I said listen you now come you now start. You think you could outsmart him. You think you could figure him out. He doing this full time. You know he listen he trying his his artillery his darts right through. You know he refining. You know he improving all the time. He not doing the test your grandfather used to get you know he have 20 25 test waiting you know he working on 2026 you know it's brand new thing you know it's new listen it's real thing listen they say he used it the first time and was successful and he's done it ever since and still successful to a certain estate he used reasoning against faith Satan come to Eve and begin to reason against the word of God the great armor of God had fortified his people with they had the word in the cool of the evening he used to come and fellowship with Adam every every evening every day fellowship word word talking but you know what the devil came and he said come to Eve and begin to reason against the word he began to use reasoning now it's only reasonable that God will not destroy you surely you will not lie. That's what the devil said. But remember that's Satan's tactic to begin with. And he still uses the same thing and still successful with it. Reasoning. They try to reason. Why would we need the Holy Ghost today? Why would we need divine healing? Why would we need this? And how we need another Pentecost? We're all civilized. They were too. But you see if whatever is taken to begin with and whatever God give them to begin with that's what it ever remains and tactics of reasoning is what Satan used and that's what he ever uses reasoning. We know our enemy because any enemy, he say any enemy that reasons against any person, any church, any organization, any individual that reason against one punctuation of God's word is your enemy. So it takes the word to defeat the enemy. So it goes on, the sword of the word, the sword of the spirit is the word of God. Receiving, get ready. Hallelujah. As we wind down, the greatest battle ever fought, it says, "Satan's army brings diseases." That's what Satan is. He's a destroyer. Satan, the whole kingdom of Satan is sickness, death, sorrow, flusterations, and worry. All on Satan. God is life, faith, joy, peace over here. See now, that's the two great forces that's coming together right now. They're battling. They're battling right here in the building right now. They battle day by day with you. Every force. Satan following you along. That great big kingly priestly goliath trying to scare the liver out of you. That's what Satan doing, trying to frighten you, trying to get you down, trying to frustrate you. He's right. But God, you're fortified. Amen. With the gospel, with the word of truth around your loin. Glory, preacher. That's what it is. helmet of salvation, the shield of faith, and the sword, waving it in your hand. Satan, I'm coming to meet you. You're not waiting to know. We going after him tonight. You meet me in the name of science. You meet me in the name of culture. You meet me in the name of organization. You meet me in the name of this, that, or the other. But I meet you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. I'm coming after you. Give way. Even death itself can't stand there. Chop a hole right through it. That's right. Satan's army bring diseases. God's army is commissioned to cast them out. So bring it on. We will cast you out. Amen. There you are. Every time Satan throws any on unto you, God's army is to cast him out. Amen. Cast out. That's the very technique that God used. Satan used the army of destruction to disbelieve God's word and to set him up a better kingdom than Michael had. And God cast him out. God's method is cast out the devil. Cast down reasoning. Cast down superstition. Cast down worry. Cast down diseases. Cast down sin. Amen. You're above it. Resurrected in Christ Jesus sitting in heavenly places with every devil under your foot. If he starts to stick his head in there, what you know you are dead. Your life is hid. What is dead? You're dead to your senses. You're dead to your conscience. Your own human will would say, "Yes, I guess. Um, dead to your reasoning." So, you don't even have to think about it because you have help. It would be Christ in you, not you. Dead to all those things. And you are buried in the name of Jesus Christ and raised with him. And wherever wherever he is, you are there also. You can please play something softly. Brother, the arrow of God's deliverance shot from a bow. Final quote. It says, "Brother, if you're ever going to make a stand for God, make it now. This is the time. Now is the time when we need. We're in need of it. It's not an option. You need to stand and withstand tonight. You need to put on the full armor of God." He said, "Now is the time when the church has weighed in balance and found one thing. After all these great miracles and signs and wonders that God has sent men across the country doing, yet the church is in the poorest backsliden state I ever run up in years." That's right. I'm preaching to Pentecostals. Amen. When I first come among your groups 10 years ago, it looked like a church. But today, it looks like the world. It's the truth. Something happens somewhere. You got to wearing better clothes. Got to making a little more money. It just made a sap out of you. That's all. Now that's the truth. That's right. You're trying to act like the rest of the world. You just take today is a compromising time. That's true. You paint your steps red and watch and see. Your neighbor will paint their steps red. Sure. You wear a little wrong hat to church with a little feather up in it and watch. All women come to church with a little wrong hat and are fed up in it. That's right. Yes, sir. All of them want to look like one another. It's a matching time. You know that's true. It's a matching time. Amen. That must have went home. That's right. Listen, that is true. Now, I'm going to tell you, my brother, I don't care whether my shoes match my trousers or my trousers match my coat. I want my experience to match God's Bible. That's the matching time. If you want to match something, match your experience against Paul's. Amen. That's what we need today is a matching time with Paul's faith in the Bible. That's our example, right? Real matching time. Don't try to match your neighbor. Match some of the saints in the Bible. If you're a saint, act like a saint, walk like a saint, dress like a saint, talk like a saint, pray like a saint, believe like a saint, shout like a saint, be like a saint, live like a saint, die like a saint, and go to heaven like a saint. Amen. Brothers and sisters, my word to you tonight is to stand and withstand the devil. You need to put on the full armor of God. God richly bless you. [Music] Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Let's praise him tonight. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. With all I am, I will seek to honor. Oh, let's sing it. Praise come. Oh, I pledge allegiance to the lamb. I bless. Oh, I [Music] bless the lamb. Oh, where all I strength. Oh, where all I am. Oh, what I'll see to this command. I pledge alance to the lamb. One more time. I pledge alance. I pledge alance to the lamb. Oh, with all my strength. Oh, with all I am. Oh, and I will sing to honor his command. I pledge alance to the lamb. We'll give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, here I stand. I pledge allegiance. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. With all my heart with all my soul. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. I pledge allegiance tonight. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Do you feel that way tonight? Oh, hallelujah. One more time. I pledge alance. I pledge alance to the land. Oh, with all with all I am. When I will sing to honor his command, I pledge alance to the lamb. Oh, let's give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, what a message from the [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen, many men. Oh, you blessed tonight. called to stand and withstand by your precious brother Gideon. We appreciate a message. Amen. Bless you. Amen. Oh, it was a tremendous inspiration tonight. Said he appreciate the labor of the Lord in his house tonight. Amen. What a word from the Lord. Amen. Called to stand the battle, stand the test. Amen. and God will give victory. As the brothers are bring get ready to bring the ti offering, we want to offer with a prayer for it. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. You give that song victory in Jesus my savior forever. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Almighty God, we want to pause now. We ought to pick up the ti offering. Lord, we bring these things before you Lord Jesus tonight. pray that you would bless it, Lord. Bless our offering, Father. May you receive it, Lord. May you bless your people that give. May you provide for them, Father. May you bless your ministry, dear God, and continue to bless them, Father, Lord, and uh accomplish the work in these in these last times, Lord, by these substances and things. We commit it into your hands in Jesus Christ's precious name. Uh amen and amen. Oh, victory, oh Jesus. Oh my savior. Oh forever. Well he sought me. Oh and he bought me with his redeeing blood. Oh well. And he loved me. Oh I knew him. Oh and all my love. Oh is to him. Oh well. And he plunged me into victory. Oh, beneath the cleansing fl. Oh. Oh yes. Victory. Oh Jesus. Oh my savior forever. Oh well. He sought me. Oh, and he bought me. Oh, in his dream. Oh, and he love me. Oh, I knew him. Oh, and all my love is to him. Oh, well, he plunged me. Oh, into victory. Oh, be the cleans and fly. Oh, and when the saints, oh, come maring in. Oh, glory. When the saints go maring, oh yes, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saints come maring. Oh, when the saints, oh, when the saints, oh, go maring. Oh, yes. When the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saints go my Oh, hallelujah. Just one more time. When the saints, oh go maring in. Oh, glory. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when I sing, go maring. Give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, marching on to glory. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, we're going to stand. We're going to fight. Oh, hallelujah. We're going to overcome. Glory. When the saints go maring. Oh, one more time. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh yes. I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, we're so thankful tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Praise God. One more time. Let's get ready to close out. You raise the key one. Amen. Oh my heavenly father. Lord, we are privileged tonight, Father, to be in your house, Lord, to hear the word of God preached to us tonight. Lord, we are so grateful and thankful, Lord, Father, for our precious brother Gideon, Father. Lord, what message you put upon his heart tonight, Lord. Oh, we are so grateful called to stand and to withstand putting on that whole armor of God. Lord, how we talked about we want empty vessels tonight, Lord. Lord, you want to empty us out, Father, so that you could pour yourself into us, Lord, Father, and overcome and show for a testimony, a victorious bride on the earth, one who is not like Eve, who won't be deceived by the world. Oh, but she stand on the word of God. Amen. In season, out of season. Lord, make us to be that way tonight. Lord, make us to be a pillar in the house of God tonight. Establishes in us your truth, Lord. Father, clothe us in righteousness. Give us that helmet of salvation, the sword of the spirit, the shield of faith, the girdle of truth, Lord. Our feet shout with the preparation of the gospel of peace. Every part of it, Lord. Oh God, a breastplate of righteousness. Father, put on the whole armor tonight. Dress your people in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire that we can go out and meet the enemy on any grounds he comes upon, anytime, anywhere, any place, and get the victory, Father. But that's what you're raising up a bride for in the last days, to be victorious. We thank you for these promises. We thank you for the word that has reminded us of these things tonight, Lord. It has put us in remembrance of you. And we thank you, Lord. We thank you for our brother Gideon helping us to put us in remembrance of these things by this message tonight. May you bless him tonight, Lord, and anoint him and inspire him, Lord. Father, bless his family, his wife, his children, dear God, and all his efforts and endeavors. May you bless the work of his hands and Lord may continue to use him to be a blessing to your people, dear God. Bless your people tonight. Lord, we get ready to leave this place. Lord, we ask for your grace. Go with us, Lord, for tomorrow is not promised, Lord. But we know that you hold tomorrow, Lord. We commit ourselves to you now, Father. We pray to bless us. We know that you've promised a revival in these lands, in these last days, oh God. Father, when we see the world coming in such a terrible condition, America and everything else coming into such a condition, oh God, we are called to arise and shine and put on the armor of light and walk in the newness of life, Lord. Granted, Almighty God, may you bless your people as we leave, Lord, and go with us. Bless us. Bless those that are on the internet listening. Lord, bless them also, Father. We commit them into your hands in Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Blessed be your holy name. Praise God. You may have your seats. We're dismissed. So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down. Hallelujah. I will cling to the old. But for one second, I just a few announcements just quick. Just wanted to remind you of uh Friday's service. We want to have a prayer prayer meeting. Uh it'll be at 8:00 p.m. I believe. Yeah. Uh yeah, 8:00 p.m. prayer service. Uh yeah, we're going to have that on Friday coming. Amen. So, join in on Zoom as we usually do. So, we're looking forward for God to bless us there. And also on Saturday, I believe we're going to have the a life and godliness service. really that'll be the last service of our series of that uh nature of service. Uh and so for young people and adults involved, we're looking out for uh you to come out and uh be blessed by it. It'll be our last uh great effort uh at 5:00 in the afternoon on Saturday coming right. So Friday will be the prayer service at 8 and then Saturday we'll also have the life and godly service here at the tabernacle at 5:00 p.m. And then of course on Sunday we're going to have a regular service Sunday service at 10:00 a.m. Amen. So go uh looking forward to meet you all there. Amen. So God richly bless you. Brother come. I'm sorry you can dismiss the people. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Oh, so I'll share the old rugged cross. Oh, tell my trophies. At last I let you down. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
