################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - God’s Faithfulness To His Promises - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   God’s Faithfulness To His Promises - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2TwavOP6l8
========================================

Oh sh the of the world. Oh, one more time. Oh, we will. Oh, it's such a beauty. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Jesus. Oh, one more time. Oh, we [Music] Oh, it's such a beauty. Sh around us might Jesus the light of the Oh, and we praise him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus, the light of the world. Hallelujah. He is the light this morning. We don't walk in darkness. We walk in the light. Praise him for his light. Thank you, Lord. or bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord. Are you feeling fine this morning? Are you happy to be in his presence? Are you happy to be found alive in one piece with all your arms and legs in place? He did that this morning and he's just about getting started to bless you tremendously this morning. So, welcome to the house of the Lord. And if you have your Bibles, we'd like to turn to a portion of scripture in the Psalms, Psalms chapter 103 uh for a scripture reading. Amen. Amen. Psalms 103 from verse 1 to vers 12 we'll read and um it says bless the Lord oh my soul and all that is within me bless his holy name. Bless the Lord oh my soul and forget not all his benefits who forgiveth all thine iniquities who healeth all thy diseases. Who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies, who satisfyth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. The Lord executed righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed. He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel. The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and plenteous in mercy. He will not always chide, neither will he keep his anger forever. For he had not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. For as the ha uh heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. May the Lord add blessing to the reading of his word. Let us pray together. Almighty God, we thank you Lord to be in your house this morning. We thank you that as far as the east is from the west, so far have you removed our transgressions from us. We thank you for the blood of your son Jesus Christ that was offered as a price for our sin that we could come blameless before you in love this morning clothed in the blood of Jesus Christ. Lord, nothing that we've done for ourselves, Lord. What you have done for us on Calvar's tree is more than enough this morning. Because of it, we come into this house today to worship you, to praise you, to thank you, Lord, Father, to give you all the glory this morning that is due unto your name, Lord. It's the least that we could do, Father. Lord, for there you've done so much for us. We give you praise. We pray that your presence today would come down in a special way, Father. May you come down from heaven. May you engulf us this morning. May you surround us this morning, Father. May you, Lord, overthrow us this morning, Lord, and overcome us, Lord. We We don't want to believe the same way we come. We want to leave with a greater faith, Lord. A greater anointing, Father. We pray you bless your servant this morning as he prepares himself to speak the word of God and to be yielded to the pillar of fire. We pray the moving of the spirit would be so uh uh so eminent this morning that Lord lives would be changed Lord and transformed that the angel of God would have his own way in this place. Lord he would move from aisle to aisle Lord ministering to those that have need of you Lord. May you speak the word Lord Father Lord through your servant today Lord that be in such a way it be effective to us dear God that the spirit of God will be able to come behind it and make it alive. Lord may I have your way today uh this morning and we just give this service to you today uh into your hands Lord that you would use it for your honor and for your glory in Jesus Christ's precious name we ask these things. Amen and amen. Do you love him this morning? Why don't you turn around and just greet someone next to you? Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Amen. Give me a key for that song. Amen. Amen. Um, you can raise. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, and in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we'll have to flee. Oh, when we come in the name of Jesus, oh tell can stand before. Oh, in the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Yeah. Heat. [Music] We come in the name of Jesus. victory. Oh, [Music] in the name of Jesus. Oh, in the name of Jesus. [Music] to me. Oh, and when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. Oh, in the precious name. Oh, in the name. Oh, let's praise him. In the name of Jesus. Oh, we have the victory. Do you have the victory this morning? Glory in the name. Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody give him glory. Somebody say praise God. Somebody say hallelujah. Oh, and when we come. Oh, in the name of Jesus. Oh, tell me who can stand before him in the name of Jesus. Oh, we have the victory. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Glory. In the name. Oh, hallelujah. In the name. Be healed this morning. In the name Oh, of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. Oh, in the name of Jesus. Oh, demons will have to flee. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, for when we come in the name. Oh, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh yes, he's real, real real, real. Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him. He gives me the victory. Oh, and many people him. But I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, I know he is real. Glory. Real real real. Christ so real. Oh, and I Oh, he gave me the victory. Oh, and many people. Oh, but I can live. Oh, and that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, I know he is real. Real real. Come on, you say Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him. Oh, and many people him. Oh, but I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, one more time. Real, real, real. Oh, Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him. Cuz he gives me the victory. Oh, and many people doubt him. But I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so. Cuz he's so real to me. Oh, I never get weary. I never get weary. Oh, I never get weary. Praising the Lord. I never get weary. Oh, singing. I never get we never get we never get weary. Praising the Lord. I never get Oh, I feel so happy. I feel so happy now. Glory. I feel so happy now. Oh, I feel so happy praising the Lord. I feel so happy. Oh, and I feel like dancing now. Glory. I feel Oh, you dance. Oh, I feel like dancing and praising the Lord. I feel like that. Oh, I feel so happy now. Oh, I feel so happy now. Oh, I feel so happy and praising the Lord. I feel Oh, I never get weary. I never get weary. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, I never again wearing praising the Lord. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory. I'll praise him. Oh, I praise him. I never get away praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord, I praise him. Oh yes, I praise him. Oh, I never get weary. Praising the Lord, I never get weary. Oh, and now I never get weary yet. Oh, I never get weary yet. Oh, I never get weary. Praising the Lord. I never get Oh, he is mine. Mine, mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. He is mine. Mine. Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is my savior day by day. Oh, he is mine. Mine, mine. Oh, can we go up? Oh, well, he is mine. Mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. He is mine. Mine. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus is my savior. Day by day. He is mine. Mine. Oh, Jesus. One more time. He is mine. Mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. He is mine. My m my Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Oh day by day he is mine. Mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Oh, give him honor. Give him thanks. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save. Oh, lift your hands up. A ranch like me. I once was lost but now [Music] I was so blind but now I see amazing grace. Oh yes. [Music] Do you see it this morning? Somebody lift your hands. You know you didn't bring yourself this morning. It was his amazing grace. Somebody praise him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. That say I need. Oh yes. I want what I want. Hallelujah. Woo. I once was lost but now oh yes I'm found. Oh I so blind. Oh by now I see one more time. Oh, through many [Music] dangers. This week there were toils. Oh, just yesterday there were snares. Oh, I have Jesus great. Hallelujah. Holy [Music] Spir and grace. Hallelujah. Glory to the Lord. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. We lead me on. Oh, lift up your hands and worship him. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amazing grace. Oh, he thanked me. He loved me. He chose me. He's going to fill me with the Holy Ghost and with fire and with power and with anointing. Somebody lift your hands. Somebody give God a shout of praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. One more time. Praise God. Oh yes. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, yes. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, worship him. Lift your hands and just wave it all over. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all the worlds thy hands have made. I see the star. I hear the rolling thunder, thy power through the youth. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. Then sing my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. As the sun goes by, gets ready to come power. Oh, then sings my soul. Oh my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Ooh, how great thou are. Then save my soul my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. How great, how? [Music] Oh, how many love him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Yes, Lord Jesus. So, blessing this morning to have our Sunday school choir. He's about to sing a special for us. your seats. God bless you. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] that in life I'm confident and covered by the power of your great love. My debt is paid. There's nothing that could separate my heart from your great love. [Music] And death in life. I'm confident and covered by the power of your great love. My death is paid. There's nothing that will separate my heart from your grace and death and life. I'm confident and covered by the power of your great love. My death is paid. There's not enough to separate my heart from your great love. Your love never fails and never gives never runs out on me. Your love never fails and never gives up. Never runs out on me. Your love never fails and never gives up. Never runs out on me. Your love, your love. On and on and on and on it go. And it overwhelms and satisfies my soul. And I'll never ever have to be afraid. Dreaming one day. Dreaming. Your love never fails. Never gives up. Never run out on me. Your love never fails and never gives up. Never runs out on me. Your love never gives up. Never runs out on me. Your love. Your love. Your love. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Deeper this morning, you appreciate it this morning. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise on the Sunday school choir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your love never fails. It never gives up. It never runs out on me. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. Why don't you just turn on your brothers one more time, your sisters, get ready to change the order of this service. Raise key one. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, Lord. I'll say where he leads me. Where he leads me, I will go. [Music] I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say with all your hands lifted as we sing. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, Lord. I say where he leads me. When he needs I will go. I will go. I'll say yes. Oh, I'll say yes. One more time. I'll say it. Oh, I say yes. Oh, I say yes to your [Music] Let's [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. Lord, tonight amen prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your presence. We pray that you would come down on a special way and speak to our hearts. We need to hear from you. Even as they called Israel out of Egypt and they needed to hear the God that brought them out, the God that sent Moses, the God that sent forth all these miracles, all these signs and wonders that we can learn your ways. God, may you teach us this morning. Have the preeminences, have your own way in Jesus, we ask it. Amen. God bless you. Go Bibles. I would like to turn to two portion of scripture. Genesis chapter 21. We're going to read 1 to three Joshua chapter 21 reading verse 45. I like that uh Sunday school choir to come back after service and sing that song again for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Appreciate them and their work behind it. We want to hear them sing again. So I want to hear you guys come up and sing for us. Amen. Okay. So we want to read from Genesis chapter 21. and Joshua chapter 21. Reading from Genesis 21:1. And the Lord visited Sarah as he had said. And the Lord did unto Sarah as he had spoken. For Sarah conceived and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him for whom Sarah bear to him Isaac. Joshua chapter 21 verse 45. And the Lord give them rest roundout according to all that he swore unto their fathers. And they stood not a man of all their enemies before them. The Lord delivered all their enemies into their hands. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for your word. May you interpret it to our hearts in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Glory. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. It's good to be here in the house of God. Amen. Amen. And I appreciate all of you being out here this morning as we look to see what the Lord will speak to us. On Friday in the prayer meeting, I spoke about who are you. And he spoke about that question of who are you doesn't pertain to what you do, what your job, what your qualifications is, what house you have, uh who what people see about you. That that deals with the character what you are. And we talk about when this service talk about gifts and talk about character and gifts is two different things. Gifts and callings without repentance. Somebody have gift to sing, gift to preach, gift to teach, gift to prophesy, all kind of gifts. Gift to play music. But that has nothing to do with the character of the person. And many times we misunder understand the gift and what it is as opposed to the man's life and character and spirit. So what God looks is in the spirit of a man. Amen. The character of a man, the metal of a man. What makes a manuh be original and and like how we could say David a man after my my own heart is a heart for God. So this morning I have a title, God's faithfulness to his promises. God faithfulness to his promises. And I have a context scripture from Numbers chapter 23:1 19. God is not a man that he should lie. Neither the son of man that he should repent. Hat he said and shall he not do it? Or had he spoken and shall he not make it good? He will bless you if you want to do right and follow his word. Amen. And he will judge you if you reject and follow in your own way. Amen. So we read the scripture. The Lord visited Sarah as he was said because that was a promise. That was a promise that Abraham believed. He had faith because God spoke to him. He had faith both for himself and for his wife. The faith wasn't just for himself. It was for his wife also. Because through her the son had to come true. Isn't that right? So he had to have faith in God for his wife. He couldn't mistreat her. He couldn't divorce her. He couldn't kick her out the house. He couldn't put her away. He got angry and vex and so on. That is the woman by which God said you're going to have that child. And the Bible said the Lord visited Sarah as he had said. It has to come out his mouth. So when that word come out God's mouth, it cannot just come back empty. Whatever God say about life, you it has to come back with something. God can't lie. He is faithful to his promise. He is faithful to his word. He has been faithful to you. Whether you recognize it or not whether you agree with it or not, he has been faithful to you. He going to take you off the earth a long time. He going to destroy you a long time because you are in his hands and your days are like numbers to him. Oh, give the Lord some praises. And you cannot pass the boundaries that God have set. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. For Sarah conceive and bear Abraham a son in his old age at the set time. At the set time. She couldn't bring him forth before time. God have a time for everything. A time to be born. A time to die. A time to shout. A time to cry. There's a time for everything. A time for you to get your breakthrough. A time for you to get your healing. A time to get to get your deliverance. A time for you to get your victory. A time for them devils to come on to you. They're everything on a set time. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Tell them the light has come. Tell them deliverance has come. Tell them the Messiah is on earth now. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. This is time for the manifestation. Oh, we God of God and the sons of God. Oh, glory to God. Because God have to visit you. God will visit you. Jesus said it this way. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. A little while they won't see it me no more. But you are going to see me and because I live you shall also. There's a promise hanging over you that God going to come to you in your condition. Yes. In your despair. Yes. Am I miss your tears? Yes. Am I miss your depression? Yes. What can the Lord shall pray? He going to come to you. And the scripture read Joshua their fame not ought any good thing which the Lord had spoken unto the house of Israel all came to pass. Hallelujah. Because God is faithful to his word. And you know says that if a man put away the presence of God, he could cuss, he could lie, he could do whatever he want because like God is not dead. He not seen me. You're walking like a blind bat. You're walking like if God not if God is dead or something. He's alive. Amen. When you consider he is God, then you have to watch your words. You have to watch your behavior. You have to watch your conduct. He's God in your smoking. He's gone. You're drinking your dog. You're partying. He's gone. You're doing whatever you want to do. He is God. No. And don't don't listen know what I'm talking about. You know, in the Bible, these children of Israel, they getting licks, they're getting beat, they're getting old bread, they're getting less food under Pharaoh and anointing. God come and deliver them a mighty hand of God. They had nothing to do with it because their fathers was in bondage. Their father father was in bondage. They were hearing stories at deliver coming. I deliver coming. Their grandfather didn't see it. Their grandfather didn't see it. The father didn't see it. But they were seeing it. A man with a long beard with a stick come down and say, "Come, come out, let my people go." And they following that man Moses. When he bring them to the mountain, they see red sea open. They see plagues. They see flies. They see frogs. They see everything else. When the Red Sea open up and they walk through on dry land glory hallelujah dancing and marine special start to create they start to get songs and all kind of specials start to come. They see all of that. They walk on dry ground. They see pharaoh army come now behind them. They see the water closed back up. They see all their sins, all their past drowning in the sea of forgetfulness. Finish no more. Hallelujah. And they came to the mount of God. Moses say hold on. Amen. Are going up to come back down. I ain't going up the dead. I ain't going to commit suicide. I ain't going to forsake you. Are going up to get the words of God to come down to tell you what God is talking, what God is saying. And between him going up and coming down, they're partying, the dancing, to build a golden calf. They are just humans, right? Just like you and I. Amen. Just to wait until the man of God come to what God give him. Amen. They bing and dancing. They're back in the flesh. They forget about Egypt. They forget about the They're free now. They're free to sin. They're free to flirt. They're free to lust. They're free to do whatever they want to do. And when God came down, the same people he called out, he killed them. He judged them. Don't be afraid that God is afraid to judge you. I don't care whose son you are, who daughter you are, who husband you are, or who wife you are. Don't be with God. Whatever he said that he will do, the blessings and the cursings, the blessings and the judgment, whatever God said he going to do, he said in blessing, I will bless thee and multiply and multiply thee and thy seed shall possess the case of the enemy. When that mountain start to rumble, I start to shake. That's right. I saw earthquake hit Philippines. We see people around us in the streets. I want to get some of them clips and play back for the church. You know, I want to get some clips of the bombs falling in Iran and in Israel and show you what people had to go through. You know, we sit here like if nothing is happening. You fit here as if your own world, if your own cocoon and your bubble is everything that you know and a whole lot of things taking place because God is God. He's God of the ant and he's God of his people. The smallest thing you could think about, he's God of that, too. He He let He let the birds get food. You get the all the animals get food. You get you get food. He said consider the leaves. You're worrying about it and worrying about that. You're stressing about it. You're stressing about that. Why? [Applause] First Corinthians. I think I want to go in the scripture. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Right on. I ride in. I ride in. I ride in. Exodus chapter 21. Don't know if I'm going to read. I'm going read this. Exodus. No, no. Uh, no. Exodus 25. Rather, let me get a scripture here. I want to show you how detailed Exodus 25:31. I want to show how detailed God is. This is God giving Moses instructions to make the golden candlesticks. Exodus chapter 25 verse 31. And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold of beaten work shall be the candlestick be made. His shaft, his branches, his bowls, his kn shall be of the same. Don't improvise. I remember a time we give somebody to paint the cloud for us. And when I some painter remember Bard Thompson and when I come know what is that she painting there I said you know what we going to do almonds in the other branch with a knop and a flower. So in the six branches that come out of the candlesticks and in the can of six shall be four bowls made like unto almonds with their kns and their flowers. There shall be a knop under two branches of the same a under two branch of the same. A n under two branches of the same. according to the six branches. He's specific. Branch by branch. I want two of that there. I want two of that there. I want two of that there. Let's skip down to verse uh 37. And thou shall make the seven lamps thereof, and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it, and the tongues thereof, and the snuff dishes thereof be of pure gold. Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, and all these vessels. Amen. Amen. And look that thou make them after their pattern which was showed thee in the mount. Amen. So God show him what it looked like. He said, "Come down and make that." And Moses did it exactly how he wanted it, Noah got specifications, not fificications. I know that's not a word. I just make up that one. Hallelujah. Amen. How much rooms, how much levels, the specifications, the kind of wood to buy that I feeling. I want I want oak, mahogany. I want mahogany. I want teak. He can't put his interpretation to what God said. God tell him the type of word which was questionable because how soft the wood is. Because God had a further revelation coming that that word had to be sealed inside and out to make it waterproof and a hard word can't get the absorption to pull in all that tan whatever it is the best word for that is go forward a soft word so if you ask no how we get about your joker what go sink but Noah wasn't following man he was following God you have to come to a place you know you're not following a man you're following God you're not follow another church member who is a slacker. Come on, give the Lord a shout. You never not follow another church member who bent up, who twisted or perverted. You're following God. He said get go forward. Build it this cubit, this length, this height, this width and Noah did it. The Bible said, "Oh my goodness, we have somewhere. [Music] Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Have it somewhere. I I get it where God said um that when Noah did it exactly as God said. Oh, praise. Thus, okay, that's is it. Noah, Moses couldn't improvise. Noah couldn't improvise. Genesis 222 6:22 says thus did Noah according to all that God commanded him so did he man's improvisation least a judgment when the ark almost fell a nice brother precious brother went to hold it because it was to tilt he hold it he died on the spot the ark coming back was one way you know that is what God wanted, but it's how. And we preach on that last Wednesday. It's not what you do or what you go through, it's how [Applause] a lot of people doing things, but they're not doing it how. How God wanted it. Amen. So, good intentions is not God's way. Amen. Good intention is not God's will. We must not only know what God wants done but how he wants it done. The how part is critical. Now after hearing the service on Wednesday night about not what go you go through but but how you go through but Joseph William shared something with me about SOP and that is what they use on highly technical jobs and and and factories and so on. something called standard operating procedures. And these standard operating procedures are documented processes that ensure task are performed consistently, efficiently, and correctly. It's what you do. Turn on that valve, turn it off, put it on, whatever it is. Because you see, people could get hurt. Things could explode. You can't just say, "How you feeling things today?" You know, are feeling led. They have a list, a documented list, that told them the order of how things are to be done. How it is to be done, why it has to be done because it protecting people, the factory and workers and so like that. Isn't that right? So therefore, Jesus said, "Not my will but thy will be done." We need to get God's will into our lives. Amen. Amen. Now watch this here. Now Leviticus chapter 10. And Nab, Nadab and Alihoo, the sons of Aaron, this is the priest. Now, the priest sons, took either of them his sensor, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the Lord, which he commanded them not. And they went out fire from the Lord, and devoured them, and they died before the Lord. This is the priest sons, you know. They feel so comfortable. They took things for granted that didn't figure they could just offer incense, any kind of incense. Just do your thing. You see, he's just coming to church like routine. Stay home. Don't come here and get stressed. Don't come here and get fighting because we will fight you back. Come here because you want deliverance. You want a breakthrough. You want to catch the mind of God. You want to get a inspiration. Glory to God. Friday prayer meeting is these all these things we share is important stuff. Inspiration boost you. But that's not going to keep you. You get fired up. But you have to get some level of consistency in your attitude, in your behavior. In other words, in your discipline. [Music] Sometime ago I said you check the people out who don't like to respond and don't like to take correction and rebuke. They are undisiplined. They don't have a disciplined life. Amen. So when they say do because they want to do it when how they want when they want. They want a freedom with no accountability. And I'm working on something on accountability. Some we going to preach on that. No accountability. They do your own thing and people have to accept you like you. Who says so? God say he told them what to do. These two guys went and do their own thing and God judge them instantly. And Moses said unto Aaron, this is it that the Lord spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all people I will be glorified. And the Bible said, and Aaron held his peace. Aaron can't say nothing. That's his sons. So I prefer for you to get angry with me than God get angry with me. I prefer you get vexed with me and you could think whatever you want about me than God is angry with me. You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free. Amen. I know there are some ministers get problem with what I preach because they find that a jamming jamming jamming. They want they want me to tell people you're the bride, you're the best. When when when God see you, he smiling. He click your wink. But is that true? Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. nor make a stumbling block by your behaving attitude. Nor stand in the way of sinners. Nor sit in the seat of this scornful taking crap from all kind of friends and family. You can't fellowship in church fellowship outside with unbelievers. You have no friends in the church but your friends outside. This man shall be like a tree. Who said that? God said that. God can't lie. God could take you and plant you and water you and bless you and spread you. God could do that. And what God bless no man could curse. [Applause] Glory to God. You don't wear a jersey. I am blessed. You don't have to do that. Put a print in front and be print behind. No. People will see David said my cup. Run it over. David wasn't pouring it his own cup. God was pointing to David's cup. He said, "My cup runth over. Surely goodness and shall follow me all the days of my life." Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Let's continue. Now, we know that Saul with his partial obedience to God, he paid a price for that. Go tell him kill everything. And Saul, you know, you we know the story. All right. Now God give Moses the exact way how to build the lampstand, seven lampstands. He gave him the exact how to build the the table of shoebre, how to build the temple. Everything was by vision and inspiration. God even anointed the men with arts and craft and how and to do this and to do that anointed them because God wanted to reflect on earth what he had in heaven. And your life ought to be reflection of where you come from. [Music] Come on. You should want this. You should love this. [Applause] All right. Matthew 15:8-9 Jesus speaks, "This people draw nigh unto me with their mouth and honoreth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me." And then he uses words, "In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Why? describing Pharisees end up ritualizing or moving in ritual form to what they were doing. They were just concerned about with the gong gong and the tall hats and all them fancy clothes they had on. They were just controlling how people see them and everything else. Ritual, no sincerity. But around dramatizing and said they used to tell people offer up a lamb for me. Amen. You supposed to go to the temple, put your lamp, put your hand on it, and when they kill it, you identify as the life leaves the lamb. You know it was supposed to be you. Did you get that? Amen. That death of the animal was supposed to be you. You know the lamb was taking your place. That's what Christ come to take our place at Calvary before he came that to put lamb and goat and bullock and ox and everything else. And you had to be identified with your sacrifice. After all, offer one for me. Go to church for me. Say a prayer for me. Yeah. Call your slacker. You want to pray for yourself. Yeah. You got to pray for you. But are you praying for yourself? Our prayer should be extension of your prayer. Today falling rituals are not something from the heart from the heart. Brother Brian. Some people get the wrong impression of what the anointing is. Did you think of that? When was the greatest anointing ever gone? The greatest anointing was given to Jesus Christ because he had the sp spirit without measure. So he went in the temple, pick up the scroll and read, "The spirit is upon me, for he had anointed me." Now think, if such an anointing was on him, that has been prophesied 800 years before. He was that type of anointing, the full blessing, the anointing of the Lord was upon him, he would want to run over the building and scream and holler. But the Bible said he laid down the scroll and sat down and precious words proceed out of his mouth. That is what he done under the anointing. Amen. The anointing is not emotions. Amen. The anointing is here we go. Supreme power in control. It is knowing exactly what and how. And that is what is here. What Ram is saying that is what is here. Knowing what and how and that is what is here. Oh, praise God. Let's continue. You know, you are the only Bible that many people will ever read. You Christians, your life is the only Bible that men, a lot of men and women will ever read just the way you act and do. So Christians are supposed to be living an example of what Christ is. And if Christ is in the human heart, then he will certainly live his own life for Christ is in you. and the spirit of Christ in you, you become a new creature. Now, let's look back again now to these disciples. They had no Bible except the Old Testament. They were about to write the New Testament. So, they actually was the living word. Oh, glory to God. Do you get that? Peter, James, John, all these brothers, they were the living word. That was to become the written word. So the books of the book of acts was something that was lived out recorded for us and that becomes the written word of what the Holy Ghost lived out through these men. So your life is destined to become the living word. So even if people can't read the Bible, they could read you. They have to take note you have been with Jesus. They could read you not so much of your words but of your life. Oh give the Lord's praises. Some time ago I spoke about a man who came to give his life to Christ in a church and the pastor asked him what sermon did I preach what conviction did you get how come you come up because you're living wicked he was a terrible guy the pastor want to know who what sermon was what he said none he man said none not one of his sermons he said a man on my job living such a life I want to be like that man and I want and that is the man that influenced me to give my life to Jesus Jesus Christ. Oh, give the Lord some praises. It wasn't some text or some word message. It was alive. And that does thunder against the devil. That's the thunder that shakes that devil. That devil is shaking this morning. Glory to God. He wasn't expecting this. Neither did I. But we are here to hear from God. Oh, glory to God. I want this word to be inspired to you. I want you to look again. Oh, glory to God. I don't want you have eyes and you can't see and ears that you can't hear. You have to have eyes and you have to see it. You have to see something. Glory to God. Something have to get you out of your rut. Oh, glory. Out of your humanistic realm, out of the human element, out of the human spirit. Something have to bust you out of that. [Applause] Let's go. The Holy Spirit was in Luther. The Holy Spirit was in Wesley. It is God's word being anointed. And the Holy Spirit returned to the people of the age as they begin to have restoration of the gifts. Here we go. Hear the detail of that. They found out by yielding themselves to God, the Holy Ghost spoke in tongues through them. They lay hands on the sick and they recovered. They danced in the spirit. That was the age of the reformation, bringing the church back into order. But the last order the church was placing the gifts into the church. Like Luther placed justification. Wesley placed sanctification. The penny person placed the gifts and William Brandham came to place the seven thunders which is the only exclusive Bible promise and he brought that after the loose ends was taken care of. All the past loose ends that's not our message. Loose ends is not our message. Oh glory to God. We have a message. He said your message will forun the second coming of Jesus Christ. They give the Lord a shout. So the Lord himself descend with a shout. That shout was seven thunders. That shout was seven voices to get up right together. In every age, a voice turned out and shook that devil. God promising seven of that in this last hour to shake hell to the very foundation. Oh give the Lord a shout. Every devil will be defeated. Glory. God will manifest his promised word. God is faithful. Glory to God. You are going to be rocked by the voice of God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Prophet said you can't even get desperate until you hear from God. You sitting here, you hearing a sermon, some of you, but you have to actually hear the voice of God. What if they speak to you? And when God speak to you, you could never be the same. When God speak to you, he speak to you to tell you what you must do. [Applause] God is not an Instagram character. He's not coming to pose for nobody. He's not coming to impress anybody. The anointing come to do a work. Jesus said yesterday, the spirit is upon me. The spirit is upon me. The spirit is upon me. No, he didn't say that. He said the spirit is upon me because he had anointed me to preach the good to tidings to open the eyes of the blind. He always the anointed come for work. Oh give the Lord a shout. You ain't come here to feel anointed. Anybody could come that unbelievers Pharisees scribes could come inside of here and get anointed. It's not that you're looking for. You're looking to hear from God that speaks to your life, that speaks to your behavior, that speaks to your attitude and your stubbornness and your bullheadedness and your wayward behavior. Glory to God. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm not here for you to like me. You don't have to like me. Praise God. I'm not your servant. I'm his servant. Okay. the Lord. I shout, "Praise God. I'm not here to make you smile and smile and smile. I'm not here for that. Have a word from him this morning." God's faithfulness is promised. He can't lie. He going to bring to pass his promised word. There's going to be revival in Trinidad. There's going to be a revival. There's going to be a seven ton of revival. God can't lie. He can't say that and mean that. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. My God. You may be seated. Glory. The same God that justify the Lutherans. The same God that sanctify the Wesleys. The same God that baptized the Pentecostals. That same God is here to adopt sons and daughters. That same God, not a different one, the same one. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Glory be. The devil had his chance. If you got to kill me, shall give me a long time. Too late now. Nothing can shake us off with this. I think I must be walk away. I think people don't want no don't longer believe that is their business. Have nothing to do with that. I heard from God. [Music] Think about it. The Catholic Church killed 68 million Christians during the dark ages. Jesus prophesied they will kill you thinking they're doing God a service. It was so bad that God had to go in the Catholic church and find Martin Luther to anoint him with the shall live by faith and that he become a Protestant. That's how the church begin to pip out with justification. But that's not the end game. Hallelujah. God is going to restore all but the canker worm and the caterpill and the locust and the pommeorm. He was going to bring back the fruit resurrection fruit when in the evening time. Oh give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. The seven churches is the life of the grain being unfolded through processes to come back to the original grain. The original fruit the orange. That's why he said if that church put forth another original branch, it has to produce another original fruit. No demon has to tell me otherwise, there's going to be the same signs, same wonders, same miracles, same power, same omnipotence speaking and the miraculous taking place. Glory. Goser may be seated. denying Jesus Peter when the Holy Ghost filled him and he was went and see that man crippled he said silver and gold I don't have but what I have I could give rise up and walk in the name of Jesus he was speaking to that crippled spirit he was speaking to the demons that was keeping that man in that condition and he loosed him from that he freed him from that and I am telling you you will be freed from the condition that you're in and who Solomon set free is free indeed the anointing going going to come to break every yoke. The anointing going to come to heal your body, heal your spirit, heal your mind, heal your soul. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Notice now is the bright calling. Now is when the seven seas have been open. Now when the complete thing that reform left has to be open only Malachi 4 can do that because it takes a revelation straight from God to an individual it can't come from a group has to come from one man notice when priests ministers and so forth get their own inspiration and truly anointed David was anointed the Bible said so but you see he went through the wrong resource he went to the wrong channel he channel his anointing on the wrong side to the people that they thought to be capt captains and they thought instead of the God's holy channel to find out was thus sayeth the Lord. There are some people doing their own thing. Oh, they love their own thing. You know why? You're in love with yourself. You're in love with your thoughts. You don't seek advice for nothing. You will say you pray and you do this. You pray and you do that. But why you think the ministry here for? What you think the word is here for? For instructions, for corrections, for in righteousness. Some people manipulators want to manipulate their own children as if they own them. Let me wake you up this morning. Your children might resemble you have your same face that splitting image one of you but you don't own their spirit and soul you know them rascals under the same face looking like you you don't know what they become. You know all them bandish crooks and robbers and thieves somebody nice child they was managed well and trying to be help them to be good or nice you know but a spirit inside of them you know they allow a spirit to come upon them you know so the manipulators they want to control the children do that and don't say that and don't and have them how they want to have them cook as ever but what you don't know is that if you don't get that right different demonic influences could influence their lives and now you have no control. They'll always be a son. They'll always be a daughter. But they under wickedness. They're under perversion. They under evil. And you could be responsible and charged by God for what you have in your own house. Set your house in order. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Think right, live right, act right, and you'll come out right. Hallelujah. If a man shaving and your little son see him shaving, you know the boys want to do what the father do too. He had no fear to shave him. Watching daddy shaving. If it look sharp when you move around, he going to do so. So you got to be careful what you are displaying because eyes watching you. Oh my. Let's continue. So David, he was supposed to go to Nathan. David said, "Is it right for me to live in house of cedar in spirit striking and the ark of my God and the tense out there?" He look at Natal David and said, "David, do all in your heart for God is with you, your anointed vessel of God." But being a prophet and his mystics, God duly bound to his prophet. That night he appeared to him, "Go tell my servant David. I admire his courage. I love him for he's a man after my own heart and I know it's time that my act should be that way put under something but it ain't the season for it to happen. This is God telling Nathan to tell David that tell him I'll let your son do it and I won't let him do it. And here come Nathan with thus say the Lord. David the great revelation you had it had it was as wrong as was to bring the ark up. Don't you do it. Don't try it. But God said you have a son to do it. There you are. Amen. Have anointing. I got a dream. I got watch it. David was anointed to see that because beforehand he could see it. Just as Abraham sought for a city on earth, you know, he was looking for it because he was going to live there someday. Abraham was in that city. He went around looking for it. And right on the same grounds he looked at is where it will return in a millennium. And he would live in that city. But being a prophet, he was ordained and inspired. He know there was a city somewhere and he was looking for it. But you see, the whole revelation of it was hid from him. It wasn't for his age. Are you Are you ready? Right there with me. Here we go. Everything has to be in its season. [Music] So we could spit and sweat and jump and shout. Everything have a season. That's God's law. Summer, autumn, win, spring, winter is a season. And when your season come, no devil could hold you back. [Music] Laugh at me at winter because I have no leaves. Laugh at me in the autumn all my leaves fall off winter cold are like sticks. You see in America we do have winter and thing down here but summer time is beautiful because you get golden brown leaves all different color leaves and so on and you move leaves and whatnot and the leaves are preparing to drop off. So they change from green and they change color. It's all beautiful to see that that is the autumn the fall they call it. The leaves fall off. And in winter the streets sound like that. Hey, where leave? Hey, people mocking you because you stand there like that. No leaf, nothing. No evidence that you're dead. But come springtime and you see some little things start to pip out. Praise God. Don't let any mock you because you going to your autumn time or you're going to your winter time. All of us go through cycles. You go through your autumn, your winter, but spring is coming. You have to see spring. And that's why God said the Lord visit old wrinkle up Sarah as he said and she till it she didn't say old and wrinkle up she was transformed. Oh give the Lord some praises and you are going to be transformed. Don't let them wrinkles fool you. Oh give the Lord some praises. My brethren, don't you miss this. My sisters, you who want to be woman preachers and so forth, don't miss this. No matter how much anointing is, you've got to get in God's provided position. David anointing was all right. But in doing it, he got enthused and stepped over the boundary line. Oh, with the anointing, somebody could step over the boundary line. Yes, I didn't know that before. Now you know. What did he do? He stepped over the boundary line. Instead of putting the ark in its original position, he carried in a new cart and got over the hearts of the Levite. And not over the hearts of the Levite. It was supposed to be carried on the shoulders of Levites which is over the heart. The word is not in the mind. It is in the heart and a new cart represented something new. David did there spoke to every denomination ever be. God's word will not carry by state presptors or bishop or message popes. I just add that watch. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the heart of man, not some kind of ecclesiastical move. Well, where where are we are? We we where is the bride in Trinidad? woken up. There's a foolish man talking to him. That man is uninspired. Amen. What it is is the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the human heart, not some elect ecclesiastical move. The Holy Spirit is a treasure of God's love in the heart of man and woman to obey. It was on the shoulders of his ministers. His ministers was the Levites. They put it upon the left shoulder and packed that art. Oh, bride. The burden. The the ministers now they have a burden for how many more? You want to get in the indomination instead of the burden of the word of God. Praise God. Now remember Uzziah, young king, great man, anointed man. God blessed him. Praise God. And what happened? The priest tell him don't go in. He want to offer sacrifice, putting fire and incense and so on. He's a king. And they said them shut up. I didn't want the arrogance take over. You want to put people in their place. You want to loose that tongue and get them out because you figure his boss. You know what God did? Strike him with leprosy. You pastor should never tell a prophet what to do or evangelist tell a pastor. Each one has his office perfectly identified. He went in with the fire and was stricken with lep leprosy. God say, "Oh, he's a king. I can't touch him anyway because he's a king. I can't catch him because he's son." Really? Here David trying to do the same thing. He taking it upon himself. Well, that's fine. What do you say, Captain? You have 10,000. Glory to God. David, I feel the spirit. What do you think, David? You feel it? Glory to God. It's all over me. Who should we consult? Amen. Captains of hundreds. All the say, "Glory to God." He had the backing them up. They clapped. Yes, Lord. They shouted. They danced. Jump up and down. They had the spirit. But what do you think father was thinking? See, when we doing our thing, we have to think sometime what does God think? How does God see this? You want to do this, you want to go here, you want to act this way, but how does God see this? Hallelujah. God's original plan. And we know what happened to that, right? I'll skip down. No matter how sincere a man may be, no matter how great he's used of God and I preach about it, people thinking that it's permanent man talking about 20 years ago they made the pillar of heart. 20 years ago angels spoke to them. 20 years ago this happened 15 years ago what happening now because Jesus Christ same yesterday forever you know because man does be contact with God and then lose that contact you know the phone line cut you know but they have a history they have a reputation but you see the thing about it is not reputation reputation what people think about you correct is what you are and your character could stand anywhere anytime that's why I say to be lying you have to make more lies to cover the first lie And the second lie and the third lie you have to do all kind of things fasting with the lie. The truth whether it curse you or not is the same. You have no issue be truth it can come out automatically. When you see a lie you have to pause. You had to wait. You had to think because you don't know what you say before. You try to remember. That's a lot of hard work. I can't handle that. You know that's plenty hard work boys. Say man was not made to lie. Even if it's against you speak the truth. Who thief the wallet? We go bring the cameras. No, I say anything here. What I'm saying then the Bible teaches to the saints. He was saying put away lying. What does that tell you? It lies in the church. Put away anger. It have temper in the church. Put away this. Put away that. It have that in the church. Who are you? We see your form. We see your tie. We see your dress. We see your face. But who are you? You are what you are when you're by yourself. Who are you? [Applause] Do you answer back your husband? Who are you? Or you trying to line yourself up with the word because you want to be honoring God. Amen. You want a Sarah but you not Abraham. And Sarah getting problem becoming Sarah. The brothers want to say amen. You preaching the word. All right. So watch this now. It must be according to the scripture. It must be in season. You talking about there must it must be according to the way God spoke it would be. Yes. All these things are part of the package of God's plan and program being unfolded. You say, "Glory to God. The Holy Ghost fell on me." Hallelujah. Just like it did in Pentecost. But that might be different today. It fell on David, too, didn't it? It fell on Uzziah, but it was wrong. You got to go deeper than that. Now, you got to go deeper than that. I don't want to hurt your feeling. Just be reverent. Notice it also must come to the man of God's choosing. Yes, sir. Not a denominational choosing, not of the people choosing, but according to God's choosing. Like, I want to ask a question. They sent for Peter because they didn't receive the Holy Ghost yet. They sent for Peter and Peter to come and then they the Holy Ghost was poured out. Cornelius sent for Peter and when Peter spake the word, Holy Ghost fell upon them. Will that repeat? But Ram said Peter had the full body germ. He said as my father sent me, so send you. He talk about sent one. God filled men. Not men ruling over men. You know, God sent men. Those men went, they were sent by the Holy Ghost. Jesus said, "As my father sent me," that's how that's that's the how part. So send are you. How did the father send Jesus? The father was in Jesus. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Not send them out with books and tapes. Send them as my father sent me. So send you. So I'm sending you with power. I'm sending you with confirmation. I'm sending you with vindication. I'm sending you with the anointing. I'm sending you to let all man know I am with you. And the Bible said the Lord himself went everywhere with them. Come on, give a shout in the house. Confirming the word with signs following everywhere they going. The Lord was going with them. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. If they go in the supermarket, if they go in the bus, if they go among their friends, if they go among the family, the Lord was with them. Don't you want that? The Lord to be with you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Be seated. There are five things it must be. It must be in season. It must be at the time God said it would be. It must be written in the word of God. So, we see is written in the word. They have no revival yet. It will take them seven thunders to wake up that bride. I could I could stand on that because I could find that in the word and I could say God promise it. He said the people would forget their creeds and keep the promises. We could say God, you promise us I'm going to revival. Didn't you say that you're the prophet? God, you can't lie. God, you're not a man. You promised a super church. You told the prophet repent, right? And he wrote, "There will be a super church, a super race." As we near the headphone, God make it come to pass. You can't lie. You are faithful to your promise and I am being your promise this morning. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And you can take any promise. By stripes I'm healed. God, you said that. You said by stripes I'm healed. I claim my husband's healing. I claim my daughter healing. I claim my wife healing. You said that you can't lie. You are a healer. You said they shall lay hands upon the sick. It didn't say the preacher have to lay hands. You could lay hands and they shall recall. Give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Challenge God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Challenge him with his promises. He loves that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He loves that. that when he come from Moses he said I have heard the cries of my people or all the people crying he talking about them crying he said my people and I come down to deliver any time God come now he come to do something you know he come to peep at you and go back he's come down to deliver any time God come down he's come down to deliver you my people always bonging some kind of thing bonging this and bonging that but God want to free you he don't like your bong he don't want you in a cage he don't want you in a prison praise God One time brother had a vision of some young men in some kind of prison and they said there are bad people and some voice said there's good people they just b he said free them he said free them he said God look I weak I small all of a sudden he said house of hell give way to the name of Jesus Christ and the bars have to pop and break out oh God help us in morning there are some that are bound nice brothers nice sisters Nice people, but they b. But we say this morning, house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Let's continue. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Get this one. He said all through the day Jesus bringing he's been bringing the wood with no signs when he got them inside and shut the door sat down brother when he revealed his resurrection no time from the morning when he met them until the going of the sun did he do it he was walking with them and he wrote to meas isn't that right and he walked as if he passed them and invited him and in the evening time he begin to talk to them is that right and no time from the morning when he met them until the going down of the sun did he do it he never did one time he did in his life only just the word. But notice at the evening time is when he proved his resurrection. Hear the bomb. Now let me say this with humility. Let me say this with a broken voice and a broken heart too. It is evening time. The Bible said there shall be light in the evening time. There will be a day. Here we go. Listen to these words. There will be a day that it won't be neither night or day. The prophet said it will be just hearing the word with no manifestation. Did you hear that? I read it again. There will be a day that it won't be neither night nor day. The prophet said it will be just hearing the word with no manifestation. Just a gloomy foggy day. But in the evening time, the light will shine again. And this evening time we are living, ministers have preached God for 2,000 years. But this is the evening light. The evening light was the manifestation of the resurrection. When they didn't know he had raised from the dead, although they loved him, they believed him, they didn't know he raised raised from the dead. In other words, they had the books, they had the tapes, but they don't know that God is alive. Watch. They argue against it. But now here in the evening time, he's going to reveal himself that he is raised from the dead. How did he do it? Not by preaching the word. He already did that. And they still didn't believe, brother Kangi. But 2,000 years of preaching the word, the church still don't believe. But the evening light has come. The manifestation of the resurrection. He taken them in. He performed miracle and he just vanished quickly from them. Notice it was a short message. It wasn't very long. He didn't stay long with them. He just manifested himself and vanished out of their sight. And then they knew it was him. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. And if Jesus promising the Bible that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, watch down through the years. We have had all the scripture teachings, but this is the day for the manifestation for the manifestation of the resurrection. And I'm identifying that this morning. This is the day for the manifestation. Oh, praise God. Praise God. And he then he said Daniel and watch he said watch but Daniel heard him seven thunders. They uttered their voices. Daniel grabbed his pen and started to write. Don't you write it. Don't you write it. Here's the Bible written which is a mystery itself. But in the backside of the Bible, the revelation was shown to Daniel. He says there are seven voices to be uttered that no man could open. what the Bible said and told God told Daniel that in the last days these seven voices would be known to the real true church. Can't you see where the force and counterfeit is trying to keep their best to keep great men from places like that? They don't want you going to thunders. But he said the three those seven voices will be known to the true church. Here we go. As Daniel heard the seven thunders and forbidden to write. Watch. He said and John heard the voices. This book was sealed and with seven seals, but the days of these seals will be open. The mystery of God would be finished. In other words, God would be known to his church not in three people, but as one person, the mystery of God will reveal. And when that was completely revealed, in other words, the time of the revelation of these things being made known, there's a time for that. All revelation be made known. when it was completely revealed then the seven mysteries he's talking about them seven thunders would open to the church because in there the church would be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit not your human spirit not the Trinidad spirit not the message spirit the Holy Spirit oh living under that in there the church should be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit him moving in and out showing his signs Not my signs, his signs among us. Oh, glory to living among us. Then we are worshiping the living Christ that's among us. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You love him this morning. Glory to God. I hope the word is speaking to your heart this morning. What is the Holy Ghost given for? It's to give uncction to the preacher. It's to give holiness to the group. Is to set the church in order. Oh, you mean the church will be set in order? Yes. You mean you can't do your own thing? Yes. You can't just have your own way. [Music] That's what the Holy Ghost is given for to give uncction to the preacher. When the preacher have no uncction, he's just talking talking. No uncction. You're casting your uncction upon the man. But the Holy Ghost is there to give uncction to the preacher. It's to give holiness to the group. It's to set the church in order. It's to bring the unity of the spirit. It's to unite us together with power. It is unite us together with love. Brotherly love. He say what kind of love it is. Before you're going to capstone love, you have to get brotherly love. That's what the Holy Ghost is given for. Oh, give the Lord a shout into the house. Is this the word? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost is not only to open the seals and open the word and open the mystery. know is to give uncction to the preacher and you will see where the preacher have uncction you will see where the angels dropping down and the man of God have lightning coming out of his mouth inspiration coming out of his lips you would see that for yourself it's to give uncction to the preacher it's to give holiness to the group it's to set the church in order is to bring the unity of the spirit is to unite us together with power is unite us together with love brother godly love glory to God amen glory to God then he said there's nothing present Nothing future hunger, starvation, nothing can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. [Applause] Glory, come up, please. Hallelujah. Glory. Give the Lord a shout. Nothing going to stop this bride. The bride has no revival yet. There will be no revival there. No manifestation of God to stir the bride. This is the word coming out of the prophet's mouth. We are looking for it. them preach looking for it. We looking for it. Headstone Tabernacle looking for it. We're looking for this service. We're looking for it Wednesday night. We're looking for it next Sunday. We're looking for the convention. We looking for it. We have a right to look for it. He said we're looking for it. We want to tell the world. We looking for it. Looking for what? A Holy Ghost revival, a seven thunder revival, a bright revival. He said we are looking for it. It will take those seven unknown thunders to wake her back again. He will send it. He promised it. And the Lord visited Sarah as he was said. He sent it to Sarah. Oh, give the Lord some praises. He sent Sarah. That anointing and power that transform body to produce Isaac. And if the church will forget the creeds and dogmas and take the Bible and please the promises, it will become effective to them. My God. My God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. What have all kind of sons? Wayward sons, backward sons, backst sons, true sons, born sons. When that son is acting right, he said the father say you're proud of that boy. Watch. Here we go. You know what? He might not be able to exercise all authority. He hasn't got it yet. Hallelujah. He is still a son. But he hasn't been placed. Now you minister know where I'm getting at. The placing of a son. If that son proved to be the right kind. That's that's the key there. Not just any son. Top plenty son. There are plenty gifted son. Top plenty gifted ministers. You know they're genuinely gifted. They go God give them a gift but they are not the right kind because of the behavior. And your behavior is what set you out to adoption. Not the sermon, not the teaching, not the mysteries. It's the behavior. That's why he said this being when it's completed is a servant of God in the church of God that's going to rapture. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Judas was there with them casting out devils and doing all kind of stuff. But Judas himself was a devil. He was partaking of the anointing, but he was off. He was false. We don't want that. Oh give the Lord a shout. Something ought to start inside of you and we want it to start today. Oh glory today when you hear his voice hard not your heart. God know all the secrets in your life. God all the secret sins that you have and God want you free. God want you delivered. God want them things come out of you. All the anger, hatred, jealousy, malice and strife. He cast out seven devils out of Mary Magdalene. Seven devils that sister had. Oh, give the Lord some praises. But she made it to the upper room. That's the important thing. Don't tell no devil she actually she going to make it to the upper room. Give the Lord some praises. Glory. Let's go. Jesus had proven to God that he had been the right kind of a son and God took him on a mountain and then he talked about adoption for Jesus. Then he said he will call you aside church if you will only obey him and stay on the word. And I believe it he will place into the church. He will do that. Not no man claiming this. He will do that before the coming of Jesus Christ. He will place into the church. All the powers that Christ had in it will be in the church. All that God was, he poured into Jesus. All that Jesus was, he poured into the church. God wanted his work done. He sent it into his son. The son wanted the work done. He sent it into the church. At that day, you shall know that I am in the father, the father in me, and I in you. At that day, because the same power of God that was in Jehovah God rested in Jesus Christ. The same power that rested in Jesus Christ rest in placed sons in the body of Christ. So God's purpose is not for we be like Pentecostals. God purpose is that we become placed sons. Then your power and faith is because of your position. Not the anointing. The anointing is a help of faith. But the real faith come by who you are. Who are you? Oh, glory to God. So Jesus did not have to do all kind of fancy antics and rock somebody head and shake them, shake them, shake them and do all kind of fancy thing and scream in their ears. He did not do that at all. He said come out of him. Hallelujah. When they lower the man from the roof, the guy, them them as real them as real people that really love them that man and put him down to the roof. Jesus said, "What?" He said, "I still be forgiven." They grumble, grumble, grumble, grumble. He said, "Which one is easier?" Tell the man to forgive him or pick and walk because forgiveness have healing in it. Amen. So him saying your sin be forgiven mean that you are healed. God forgive you your sins and healed. You have a condition and sometimes it's sin. It's unbelief. It's all kind of behavior behind there why you are how you are. What condition you are in. And when God forgive you, he healed you. He said pick up the bed and walk. And the man turned and pick up his bed and walk. Praise God. Get those Sunday school ready. Praise God. We're going to have that song. Hallelujah. Let go. Let's go. Placing a son. Take him out in a certain place. Have a ceremony. place him positionally what he is in the body of Christ then that person has the authority then he prophesied let me say this if you call me for a fanatic from this night on that very same thing I will speaking of will be done there will be a power well punch he didn't say no more text and more revelation more mysteries there will be a power put into the church and now it's coming in that the Holy Spirit will so anoint the people till they will speak the word and will create itself right there. Begin to play something. We haven't seen powers like commenting with Christ. Now I know it for a fact. Say to this mountain be moved. Don't doubt in your heart but believe that what you said shall come to pass and you can have what you said. The placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church. Then the critics's mouth will be shut. It'll be a short time. But Jesus come right off the mountain and went straight to Calvary. Notice it won't last long, but it will be here. Oh, let's all stand our way to the Lord right now. [Music] All honor, all glory [Music] to you. All honor, [Music] all glory, all power, hallelujah to you. [Music] Holy father, we worship you. Precious Jesus my savior. Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. We wait on you. Holy Spirit we wait upon you. For fire, for fire, for fire, [Music] all [Music] glory, all glory, Oh, you [Music] We wait for you precious Jesus my savior. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit. We [Music] hallelujah. Oh, let's give the Lord a praises as the music plays. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Glory. Fire. Hallelujah. Fire Jesus. Yes. Yes. Oh, your fire. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh my Lord, your promise. You are faithful in your promises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Pour out your spirit. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh. So pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. Thank you. [Music] forever. [Music] Hallelujah. I need I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit. Glory. [Applause] Come on now. Oh, you me the spirit. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh, I need I need your spirit. I need your spirit in me. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Wonderful. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Higher than the mountains that I face. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Never Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] and death and life by the power of your great love is Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Love never gets up. Never run out on me. Love never gets never on me. Your love never runs out on me. Your love for me. Love never fails on me. and all goies [Music] my soul and I'll never ever have to be afraid. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] run out of me. Your love never runs out of me. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Do you appreciate it today? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Let's all stand. Praise God. Your love never fails. It never gives up. It never runs out on me. Oh, hallelujah. His love is here this morning. Oh, his love has spoken to us. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Do you feel his love this morning? Do you thank God? Amen. Amen. Thank God for the Sunday school choir. Praise God. God bless you. We see God loves your God's love upon you this morning. We certainly appreciate your blessing once again. Please turn around, greet your brother, greet your sister one more time. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your holy name. As you get ready to pick up the off uh the tithe, the offering and uh we want to say a prayer for that as well. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. I'm on my way to Canaan's land. Amen. We get a key for that song. We give God some praise. Amen. He deserves all the praise. Amen. Amen. Are you on your way this morning? Hallelujah. Nothing holding you back. Glory. As I get ready to bring the tying offering, we'll just bow our heads and say a prayer. Almighty God, we are thankful to you today, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy. Lord, what a day we've had in the house of the God. We are thankful and grateful to you, Father. With thankful hearts, Lord, we bring tithes, your offering into your house. And we lay it at your feet this morning, Lord. You, Jesus, the author and finish of our fate. Lord, we thank you for all that you have provided for us, our every need according to your riches and glory. May you continue to provide, Lord. May you bless these things that we offer now, tithes and offering. Father, bless them and use them for the footance of your gospel in this land, Lord, in this ministry that you've blessed us with. Father, we pray you bless your people as they give. Provide for them in Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise. I'm on my way. Oh, to Canaan's land. Oh, I'm on my way to Canaan's land. [Music] [Applause] I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Well, now if you won't go, don't hinder me. If you won't go. Oh, don't hinder me. If you won't go, don't hinder me. Oh, but I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on the Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, to Canaan land. Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, to land. I'm on my way. Oh, Lord can land. Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, and I shall not I shall not be moved. Oh, and I I shall not Oh, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree. Oh, that's planted by the water. Oh, and I shall not be moved. Oh, Jesus is Jesus is mine. I shall not be moved. Oh, you know it. in his loving. Oh, I shall not be moved just like a tree. Oh, that's planted by the water. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, in my cross, in my Christ abiding. Oh. Oh. And in his love I'm hiding. Oh. Just like a dream that's planted by the water. I shall not be if I trust him ever. Oh, if I trust. Oh, I shall not. Oh, cuz he will fail me never. Oh, oh, just like a tree. Oh, that's planted by the water. Oh sh glory hallelujah and glory hallelujah. Oh because I'm anchored in my sh. Oh just like a tree that's by the water. Oh you shall not give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, I shall do it. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, he can't move you this morning. Oh, you're like a tree that's planted in Jesus. Hallelujah. I shall not be moved. Oh, and though the tempest rages, I shall. Oh, I'm on the rock of aes. Oh, I shall not. Oh, just like a tree. Oh, that's planted by the water. Oh, I shall not move. Oh, one more. One more. For all hell fail me, I shall. I know that Jesus will not fail me for I shall. Oh, just like a tree. Oh, that's in my Oh, I shall not be moved. One more time. Oh, say I shall not. Oh, I shall not be. Oh, I shall not. Oh, I shall not be. Just like a tree that's running by the water. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be your holy name, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, give him praise today. You lift your hands. Lift your voices. How many appreciate the word? How many appreciate the anointing? [Applause] [Music] Great is thy faithfulness, oh God, my father. There is no shadow of turning with thee. Thou changest not. Thy compassions they fail not. As thou hast been thou forever will be. With all your heart let's sing. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness. Morning my own. Your mercies I see. All I have need is thy hand. [Music] Oh, great is thy faithfulness, Lord God, to me. Oh, one more time. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning. Your mercies thy all I am needed. Thy handath provided. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord to me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory, glory, glory. Give him praise. Has he been faithful? Has he been faithful? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. You appreciate the Lord today. Has he been good to you? Has he taken care of you? Has he nurtured you and fed you and preserved you? We don't have enough words to describe his faithfulness. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. We appreciate the service today. You appreciate the presence of the Lord. Amen. [Music] Have some notes of praises and some prayer requests [Music] from brother Nathaniel Knights. Thanking God for seeking another year of life yesterday. My story is not yet ended. The journey continues in Jesus name. So we thank God praying that God will continue to bless you brother Nathaniel from brother Robert Niger thanking God for 20 years wedding anniversary on 14th of June. So we thank God for for that sister Vivian brother Robert also for successful eye surgery also for another year of life as I celebrate my 68th birthday today. So we thank God. Great is his faithfulness. From brother Francis and sister Gloria Timothy. Good morning saints. We just want to give God thanks and praise for allowing us to celebrate 28 years of marriage today. God bless you all. [Music] You know they really say is June is the wedding month. June is the wedding month. But the Terry and sister Jennifer Oid would like to give God praise for 45 years of marriage. Just stacking it up here this morning also for his faithfulness. Everybody see that his faithfulness thing. God is faithful through these years. Also for the good time and bad, for his loving kindness and tender mercies towards us. One more note of praise. And I'm sure there are others that didn't get written, but we just have one more written this morning from Sister Katy Nicholas. Thanking God for seeing another year. Entering the 40s today is really a blessing. I like this part. I used to call 40 years old. Old people now here I am 40. I am 40 today feeling as young as ever. Sister KG Nicholas. So we thank God. God is faithful. We didn't come this far to He didn't bring us this far to leave us, to lose us, to He promised to take us all the way through. Can the church say amen? Glory. We have two prayer requests. One from brother Steven Oliveri for his daughter Gabby with stomach issues and high fever. From sister Judith Samuel. Blessings, my brothers and sisters. Please pray for my sister Angela who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. Also for traveling mercies as I prepare to travel to Canada on the 5th of July to be with her, thanking God for answered prayers. And if there's a request this morning that you want to show by raising your hands as we approach the throne of grace together, the word teaches us that if two shall agree touching anything, we could have what we ask for. And we come in agreement this morning as a body of believers, as a church of the living God, with the full understanding that all that was in God, he poured into Christ. And all that was in Christ, he poured into this church. And by the power vested in this church by almighty God himself, we could approach the throne of God boldly knowing that as said, he is faithful to keep his promise. So every head bowed, every eye closed. Heavenly Father, we thank you this morning for your august presence, Lord, for your word that has never failed. Great is thy faithfulness. Lord, we come this morning to bring every need, every supplication, every request to you, in particular the request for Gabby Oliveri even now with Lord that stomach issue and the high fever. We pray dear God that you not just deal with the symptom but the cause of the matter. May she be completely healed in the mighty name of Jesus Christ from the crown of her head to the soles of our feet. And may this request come back as a note of praise, Father. Lord, we bring Sister Judith Samuel, Sister Angela before you, Lord. There's nothing that's too hard for you to deal with. There's no problem that's too difficult. Lord, when you came down to speak to Abraham, he said, "Is anything hard too hard for the Lord?" So heavenly father, Lord, we bring this case before you, this stage 4 cancer. Lord, that the angel of the Lord will find her wherever she is right now. That you you walk into that room, minister to her where she is and touch on the crown of her head, to the soles of her feet. May the doctors be confounded. May the situation be reversed. And Lord, may you get glory and honor to your holy name in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we pray and ask for blessing. Lord, we pray for Sister Judith, for traveling mercies, and for every hand that is raised all over the building. We bring your people before you. Every need, every request, those that are here, those that are downstairs, those that are on the internet, those that may hear the tape, whatever it is, Father, Lord, may you touch your people one more time. May you heal, may you deliver, may you break chains and shackles. We commit your people into your hands in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And as we prepare to leave this house, but not from your presence, Father, may you grant traveling mercies. And even as we have, oh Lord, a few meetings after the service today, Father, we commit it all into your hands, Lord. Not for our glory, but for your honor, for your glory, Father. And the Church of the Living God says, and the church says, Amen and amen. You may be seated there for a few announcements and then after these announcements I'll ask the technical team to take us offline so we could have some housekeeping specific to the convention. So for our announcements to put it on record. Service continues this coming Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. here at the tabernacle. Looking for God to do great things. The countdown is at hand. June is over. July here we come. So, we are under great expectation for what God is about to do. So, this coming Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. we have service here at the tabernacle. Uh, if you can make it out, we encourage you to do so. God will reward the effort. This coming Friday, we have our Zoom service at 8:00 p.m. Uh, also this coming Friday, it's our day of prayer and fast. It's the first Friday of the month. So um as we approach uh this special month of July, the hot July sun and what God wants to do, I want to encourage you to catch a burden for the convention, catch a burden for the hearts and souls and minds of those that are under expectation for God to do something special uh in a special way this coming Friday. Service continues this coming Sunday. Uh normally this would be our communion service. However, we will just have one service uh this coming Sunday as we are in full convention prep mode. And our precious sister Jun Redhead also wants to have a special thanksgiving after service this coming Sunday. And the entire church is invited for uh that Thanksgiving service this Sunday right here at the tabernacle will be downstairs with some refreshments. So we want to be able to celebrate with her. You appreciate sister June. Amen. Maintenance group four, please with please meet with brother Marlon Alexander after the service and next week Sunday Lord willing group two is carded to serve which is brother Joel Straker's group. Um in addition registration for the convention meal begins today. The menus for both lunch and dinner for the convention are put uh posted on the notice board uh downstairs. If you interested, please be guided accordingly. Please note that salad, sandwiches, soups, etc. cost $50 and all full meals cost $60 and all meals will also include a drink. So once again, service is Wednesday here at the tabernacle Friday uh on Zoom. We have our day of prayer and fast this coming Friday. There will be no communion service this coming Sunday as we prepare for the convention, but there will be a thanksgiving service after right after the service. Uh in addition uh registration for the convention meals begin today. Please we implore you if you intend to participate do let us know. It becomes very very a lot of track when we get a lot of lastm minute requests and we want to be able to do things in order and be able to have a clear understanding of what we are handling for the convention itself. So please help yourself, help us so that we are able to mobilize the resources uh effectively for this um by the grace of God. The menu downstairs cost $50 for salads, sandwiches, soups, etc. And the full meals $60 that includes a drink as well. Maintenance group four with mother Maron after service and next week Joel Straker's group. So may the Lord richly bless you technical team. We can switch the order of
