################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - We Walk By Faith And Not By Sight (Prayer Meeting) - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-16
Title:    We Walk By Faith And Not By Sight (Prayer Meeting) - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Prayer Meeting
Duration: 1h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-n11FREFOA
========================================

Description:
This exhortation was given on Friday 16th May 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Welcome tonight. God bless you all. Amen. Certainly glad to be here tonight one more time and thank God for his grace. Let's just bow our heads as we want to start in a word of prayer this evening and ask God's blessings upon us. Amen. As we enter into prayer and seek his face tonight. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we we are grateful tonight, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy upon us, Lord, upon our lives, Father. You promise never to leave us, Lord, never to forsake us, Lord. Father, and we thank you for keeping your promise, Lord Jesus. Lord, we know that you are unfailing, Lord, and you are faithful to the end, Lord. And we know that you are here, Father, to help us and to strengthen us, Lord. Father, you are the one with all the answers tonight, Lord. the answers that we seek. So Lord, we come to seek your face, Lord. We come to seek you tonight, Lord, to seek diligently until we find you, dear God. Lord, and we want to when we find you, we would find peace, Lord. Love, joy, Lord, all of the fruits of the spirit, dear God. May you point to us your love and power tonight, Lord. We are needy of you tonight, Lord Jesus, in so many ways, Lord. We know that you're able to minister to us abundantly, Lord. So come and have your way with us tonight, Lord Jesus, and help us, Lord. Father, help the needs of your children, Lord. We pray bless the songs that we would sing, Lord. May you bless the atmosphere that we now enter into, Father. We pray bless the sharing of the word tonight, Lord, and your speaker tonight as you would come and minister, Lord. And may you bless him and anoint him and inspire him to say something tonight to us, Lord, an answer, Lord, Father, that we're seeking, Lord, to our hearts, Lord, that will help us along the way. Give us strength, Lord, for the journey. Uh, inspire us one more time as we get ready to seek your face tonight. In Jesus Christ's name, we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise God. Why don't you just give him praise? Why don't you just give him glory? Why don't you just give him honor? Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Let's lift your hands where you are and just begin to praise him. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Father. In the cross. In the cross. You my [Music] glory. My soul shall. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] until my soul shall find your [Music] mercy. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, until my sh [Music] Oh, thank you, Jesus. I cast all my cares upon you. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. If any time I don't know what to do, I will cast all my care upon you. I upon you. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And if any time I don't know what to do, I will cast all my upon you. My hallelujah right now just cast all your kids tonight. Cast your breath on the water tonight. I don't know what to do. I will cast all my care upon you. Oh, I will cast all my cares upon [Music] you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, worship the king. Worship the king. For we are in his presence to magnify his name. We seek his face. Glory fills this place as we worship the king. Worship the king. Worship the king. [Music] Oh, we worship the [Music] king. The king. We are in his presence to magnify his name. And we seek his face. Oh glory fills his place as we worship the king. Oh, as we worship the [Music] king. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] your presence. Ask him to surround you. surrender your presence feel this place every day of my life. Let your presence fill this place. Amen. Amen. God bless you and thanks for being here tonight. Let's bow our heads for a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your presence tonight and the atmosphere of the Holy Spirit being here among us and live on homes, Lord. I pray that they take it Lord serious take it with a consciousness that we are privileged and honored to have you in our midst as brother Isaac preached some time ago about the ark being in someone's house for 3 months and how that ark was there and the blessings of God to be there and it's a privilege to host the presence of God it's a privilege to host your spirit to host your care your burden your concern to host that father God may to take us out of the way tonight. May you bless your people as they meditate on what will be spoken and shared. May you be with them in a special way. Help them in their decisions. Help them in their challenges. Help them in their health issues. Help them in their family issues. Help them in their marital issues. Granted, God, I ask in the name of Jesus. And father, I pray that you remember Unique Lopez granddaughter that your holy spirit will touch her with this kidney disease and may she be healed completely. And any person here needed a special touch on you tonight, have an unspoken request and they are dear, distrusting you, may you speak to them tonight in a special way by your word, by your truth. Granted, God in Jesus might ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you and thanks again for being here. And I want you to pay attention tonight. We have something upon our hearts we like to share with you. And I pray that God inspire it to you and by by God's grace. Tonight I want to read three portion of scripture from 2 Corinthians 5:7, Romans 4:16-2, and Romans 1 verse 17. So 2 Corinthians 5:7 says, "For we walk by faith, not by sight." For we walk by faith, not by sight. And that that's the title of the exhortation I want to give you tonight. We walk by faith and not by sight. Romans 4 reading from verse 16. The scripture we touched before but several times over the years but I want to take a peek at it again tonight because I feel it pertains to us and now in what we are going through. Therefore, it is of fate that it might be by grace to the end that the promise might be sure to all the seed, not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the fate of Abraham, who is the father of us all. As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God who quickenth the dead, and callth those things which be not as though they were. Note, God actually told him before Isaac was even born, I have made thee not a father of a child, but a father of many nation. I want you to think about the weight of that statement. not will make but I have made thee a father not of children but of many nation and the Bible says verse 18 who against hope believe in hope so there where you it this here catches everybody who's in depression who is in frustration who fed up who can't take it no more who against hope believe in hope that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken so shall thy be and being not weak in faith this is the part. This is the key. And being not weak in faith, here's what he had to do. He considered not his own body now dead when he was about 100 years old, nearly at the steadiness of Sarah's womb. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief. So his feelings, what he's going through wasn't counted. The Bible record, he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded. That's that's that's a the powerful thing right there. Being fully persuaded that what he had promised he was able also to perform and therefore it was imputed unto him for righteousness. Now it is not written for his sake alone that it was imputed to him but for us also to whom it shall be imputed. If we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. And our last scripture to read Romans 11:17 we familiar familiar scripture and for daring is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to fate and is written the just shall live by faith. May God bless his word. All right, let's go brother a message called fate by experience. Now usually we find most people are afraid to accept it. Usually people who have faith here we go is someone who has experienced faith. So faith is not something intellectual. Faith is something that you actually can experience. Now, when you accept Jesus as your personal savior, there's not a way in the world for you to ever be saved only by your faith. You had to act only only by your faith. You had to accept it. You had to believe it. Notice, you could get on the altar. Here we go tonight. You could get on the altar. You could cry all night long. You could beat upon the altar and scream until they could scream no more. And still you're not saved. You could feel real good run all over the building shouting and still not be safe. The devil can beat you around, stomp on your feeling. If I had to go by my feelings, there'll be many times I'll be all out of condition. But I don't rest on my feeling. I rest upon the unconditional word of the living God who made a covenant with me. If I could would believe it, it's not what I feel. It is what I believe. Jesus never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" Faith happens. It is far beyond feeling. You could rest, feel tonight like you're saved, run around praising God, and next morning you wouldn't have any feeling about it at all. Then you say, "I'm lost again." But when faith takes a hold that Jesus Christ God's son died in yourstead and he become you in your sins that you in your sins might become him in his righteousness and accept him as your only propriation for your sins then faith takes a hold and all devils out of hell can't move it. Faith endures. Fate locks something. It seals something. And if a man has had faith to accept Christ, he walks up from the altar, he goes outside his associate and they say, "You haven't got nothing." So this is your friends, your family, neighbor trying to tell you, "You haven't got nothing. Why? Your eyes are still blue. That's the same suit you wear in there. Your nose is just as big as it was when you went in. Your fingerprints are all the same. There's no difference. But you know there is a difference. And in the ages to come and in the days and the weeks, you will prove there's a difference because your faith will vindicate that you are a Christian. How many knows that to be the truth? Every man and woman that ever accepted Christ if you will step out and trust your eternal destination upon your faith. How much more can you step out with that little body of yours upon the same atonement that he was wounded for transgression as with his stripes they were healed. So you can see clearly but the brand was challenging their faith to shift them to divine healing to shift them in a way where they could get that breakthrough that they deserve and he has to bring it by the scriptures and I am sensing tonight or I want to share with you tonight or somewhere along the line just as I am convinced in somebody's Christian walk they must come to the spot to say I am sorry please forgive me or to say I forgive give you. I don't believe that God will allow anyone to bypass that part of the road of Christianity. And in the same way, I want to present it that there's somehow there's got to get a way where we could get away from our own senses. Now, we live here in our senses or I could say this way, we live here in our flesh. What we fell from in the garden of Eden was this thing called fate which was the six sense which was the original sense that Adam was working with. So Adam was connected to what God said. He had nothing to do with anything contrary to what God said. Now if you notice what the devil did to Eve he what he asked her what did God say because he wanted to twist it. God is not speaking to him. He doesn't have the word. He needs to get to hear what God have said in order to twist it and throw off her fate. And that is what happened to Eve. When he got her to believe what it sh you shall not surely die, that brought her from in that fate realm into the flesh realm and that is where everything fell. So God have to get us out of our senses realm into this realm of faith and he chooses to take a man Abraham to bring something that is impossible by the eyes of man by Abraham own eyes and say you know what you old man you're going to have a son not only that you'll be a father of nations and God dropped that on this old man and walk away and the Bible said Abraham stacked not at the promise of God through unbelief. Now this original faith that that brother Brandon came to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. This faith of the fathers is the same faith that Adam had is the same fate that was in the garden of Eden. This faith is what you could call the original faith. So this faith is not just uh when Paul was here. This faith goes way back. This is the faith of God. And this is the seed that God placed in you. The prophet said you are not the believer. The word is unbeliever. For you to step forward in salvation, step forward to receive Christ. It's an act of faith. It's a walk by faith. I'm challenged tonight to get out your senses to put your senses to one side to begin to believe what God have said. And in that light, I want to go back now and read that same scripture in Romans from Romans 4:1 16-2, but in the amplified. And I want to kind of go through and um see where what the Lord will do. So in verse 16, here we go. Therefore, inherited the promise is the outcome of faith and depends entirely on faith in order that it might be given as an act of grace, unmmerited favor to make it stable and valid and guaranteed to all his descendants. Not only to the devotees and inheritance of the law, but to those who share the fate of Abraham, who is the father of us all. So right away this faith that we are walking by tonight is directly connected to Abraham the father of us all because that is where the seed is at. Not seeds plural but seed which is Christ. So through Christ we connect to the original seed that Abraham had through Christ because we becomes Abra. We become Abraham's seed through faith. Do you see that tonight? Do you catch that tonight? All right let's go watch. As it is written, I have made you the father of many nations. He was appointed our father in the sight of God in whom we believe who gives life to the dead and speaks of the non-existent things and he has foretold and promised as it was already existed. For Abraham, listen to this, human reasoning for hope being gone, hoped in faith that he should become the father of many nations as he had promised. So numberless, so shall your descendant be. He did not weaken in fate, but he considered the utter importance of his own body, which was good as dead, because he was about 100 years old. When he considered the aroness of Sarah's deaden womb, no unbelief or distrust made him weaver, doubting question considering the promise of God. But he grew strong and was empowered by faith as he give praise and glory to God. Fully satisfied and assured that God was able and mighty to keep his word to do what he had promised. That is why his faith was credit to him as righteousness. And this is where you get the just or we could say the justified truly lives by faith. That's why you hear me say certain things over and over and over and hope this sound like just repeating stuff. But I cannot understand a bride member a member of the bride of Jesus Christ holding and grudges when God has justified them. In other words, God has declared you to be righteous that you could have the confidence to approach God because that is what is about him. We were all sinners. But what Jesus did, he he he come and bring a covenant, a contract. He come and do something to give us that we could have words with our father. And that is what we're going to do here tonight to talk to him. That you can have words with your father and be reconciled to God. that's in the privacy of your home in your tent and meet you there right in that purple closet where you are tonight God could meet you there as a son as in daughter but you have to know your son and daughter it has to be a revelation to you ought to be an awareness and a cautious to you let's go ahead praise the lord time go all right this is a message called fellowship the only way you will ever appreciate or understand is to come back to fellowship with How can the carnal mind ever understand the things of God? They are foolishness. The Bible says again, he can't understand it. But the bornagain spirit doesn't reason it. It just believe it and act on it. Then he referred to Abraham. Abraham the father of the faithful. God told him when he was 65 years old. His wife was 65. He was 75 that they wouldn't have a baby. You imagine that? Could you imagine a man in Germany going down to a fine doctor to make room at the hospital? 75 years. his wife 65 living with her since he was 17. No children yet and says you are going to have one. And Abraham believed God. No matter what science says I believe God listen to this. 2 years no difference. 5 years no difference. What is your condition? What is your situation? 2 years no difference. 5 years no difference. 10 years no difference. But Abram kept saying praise God I'm going to have it anyhow. God said so. That's a good reason to believe it. God said so. I could imagine he went in little napkins, pins, everything ready for God said no matter possible God said so that settled it. 20 years passed no baby yet. But Abraham still believed God. He got stronger. He kept giving God praise. Uhhuh. So you see the giving God praise is evidence of your strengthening faith. Isn't that something tonight? Let me repeat that again. You giving God praise is evidence of your faith being strengthened because it's evidence that you yourself is be are becoming say fully persuaded that what God promised to you he's able to keep. We're not talking about generalization uh you know God could heal everybody and God could bless everybody and God could heal anybody but we're not talking about anybody or everybody talking about you. Do you believe God could heal you? And when you look in the mirror, you alone could answer that. Do you believe God could deliver you? When you look in the mirror, only you could answer that. Do you believe God could fill you with the Holy Ghost or do you find yourself that you are unclean? You alone can answer that because if you're unclean, you have an opportunity to get by the blood to become clean. If you are not whole, you could get the opportunity to become whole. So when you really recognize when you look at it deeper then all this thing about what grandfather do and grandmother and when there was that childish happened that happened when you really take that and you really put that on the microscope of under faith all that cancel out everything you know if you become a Christian regardless whether your mother was this your mother was a drunkard and your father was a cocardic or whatn not that is irrelevant you know because your faith actually raises you above your past your faith is what will declare you to be righteous Your faith disconnect you from the past and put you into a present tense relationship with God full of confidence because the Bible said against hope he believe in hope. He believe his own body now dead. He examine himself and say listen you dead but guess what I'm going to have a baby anyhow. My wife B is dead guess what I have a baby anyhow. Could you talk like that in this hour 2025? Could you have the confidence that the God who start the work in you, he's able to complete it and you will come out your deadness, your sluggishness, your coldness, your formality, and you wouldn't have to be whipped up every service, whipped up for the song service, whipped up to praise God and worship, whipped up and whatnot. No, you coming from home with your fire because you're coming from home with your feet. You're coming from home with your expectation. You're coming from home built up. You're coming to add, not subtract. You're coming to add. You're not coming to draw down. You not like you like the woman the blood is you the message all these years and when you come you only come to draw down who is your withdrawal client. What kind of question is that? You can't say go have I none. You just yeah go I want I I I I need. Okay I could understand if you need this first Sunday, second Sunday, third Sunday but oh God a year pass you still need. Come on. Because this faith is granted uh faith come by hearing hearing the word what you're hearing. Now there's mental faith and there's spiritual faith and that's why devil fight the Holy Spirit operations of worship and atmosphere. They fight that people want to sit on the message and get it like that. But they can't get it like that. You have to walk by faith not by sight. And what I'm about to share with you would blow your mind. So let's listen a while. Okay. And we get on and pray. Let's listen to this. 20 years passed. No baby yet. Abraham still believed God. He got stronger. He kept giving God praise. Now, what would you do if you were prayed for tonight and tomorrow you wasn't well? You would say there's nothing to it. That shows you need to be born again. Abraham's children, Abraham children has the blessing, we being dead in Christ, take on Abraham's seed. Thus, that that gives every believer that's been born again, Here we go. the same faith that Abraham had to call what God said to be the truth and to call what you see with your eyes if it's contrary to God's promise to be a lie. We walk by faith. He said we don't go by sight. We don't walk by sight. We don't go by feelings. Hear it. All you feel inside here. All you feel in the church. We don't go by feelings. We go by God's word. No matter what the outside looks like, we believe it. All right, we're going good. Now, German people, listen just a moment. Look at Abraham when he offer up Isaac. He said, "You wait here while and the lad go yonder the land and I shall return." Praise God. How is he going to return? He's going to kill him. How can the lad return? Oh, listen. In his heart, this is Abraham's heart now. He knew that God was able to raise him up from the dead, for he had received him as one from the dead. My brother, sister, can't you understand now when God shows supernatural with his word, he expects you to believe it? He had promised Abraham and then he by supernatural had prove it to Abraham. And God said in these last days that he will pour out his spirit and he would show the same signs he did at the beginning. There'll to be a former and latter rain together. We are seeing it. We should believe with all our hearts. Here is his word. It proves it. His spirit comes nightly. Shows the supernatural knowing it's got to be the spirit now. He can't heal you. He wouldn't let me heal you. But that's his finished work. He already did that at Calvary. So he wants you to believe what he did that he did that for you. Here we go. If it is only the love of our father that loves us so much that he sends his word, he sends his ministers to preach the word, then he sends gifts into the church with his arms spread out trying to get you to believe it. He wants you healed tonight. Could somebody say amen out there? He wants you healed tonight. A thousand times more than you want to be healed. So, I not accepting, well, this is how I am. My father had it and my grandfather had it and my grandmother had it and my great-grandmother had it as a family thing. Don't make the devil thing a family thing. Don't make all kind of contrary sickness and diseases like if you're supposed to live with that. You have to begin to believe what God said. And this is what is bringing tonight. He wants you to heal you tonight a thousand times more than you want to be healed. and you are afraid. You go by how you feel. This is a message problem. This is a church problem. This is a believer problem. You go in by how you feel. What if we could get everybody to shake off your feelings tonight? Don't go by your feelings. Your whole life has been wrapped in that. But you must get away from that. Act on God's word. Not what you feel, not what you see, what God said. Act on that. Make a confession of that. Confess means to say the same thing. And he is at the right hand of the father with his own blood to make intercession on your confession. And here they bomb. Now he cannot do anything for you until first you accept it and confess it and then he can act on it. For he's an high priest of what you confess that he is to you. Do you get what I mean? What is he saying? If you want him to be a healer, you he cannot be a healer to you until you accept him as your healer and know that he's going to heal you and say, "Thank you, Lord, for healing me. I accept him as a healer." And then he could act on that. So, in other words, prayer become a vital tool in the ammunition of God's army to get a response from God. You know there are some of us we live such entitled lives as if because we believe or because we are Christian or because we go to church certain things supposed to work out and we don't understand that we ourselves have to act things out. That is why the Bible said the just shall live by it's not a mental activity by faith. The just shall live by faith because it's not it's going beyond thought now. It come be it comes to be alive because if it's a thought when you go by your feelings and emotions that whole thing shut down. Abraham shut down after you know he see this old woman I living with and I don't I don't have that already you know I sign this thing off. So he couldn't resign himself to that. His eyes seeing Sarah every day, you know, walk by Satan, not by sight. But it's not like if he have a a young picture in front of him of what Sarah will be, you know, he's seeing this age woman in front of him every single day for 20s something years. And he had to watch that and say, "That's a lie. That going to be changed. God will make the impossible possible. I want to hear we speak like that. I want to hear us talk like that. I want to hear us act like that. make the impossible possible. We are believing for impossible things. All things are possible to them that believe. We are believing that there's going to be a thirdful faith that not only will speak to the storm, but could speak to your loved ones, speak to your children, speak to your family, speak to them who rascals who want to do their own thing just like Lazarus. Lazarus come forth. We have to believe that it's not only for Jesus. It's not only for William Brandon. is for us also because we are part of this uh kingdom of of God. Kingdom of as I will say priests and kings. Let's first finish up a wrap at the end. Oh we God prophesied through the prophet and said I will write my laws in their hearts where I put them in the tables of their heart showing that that would be the dwelling place of God in the human heart. Not the human head but the human heart. I will write them in their heart and they will keep my statutes. God said another place in Ezekiel, I will in that day take out your old fleshly stony heart. I'll give you a new spirit. I'll put my spirit in you. Now a lot of people even you Pentecostal people lots of time get mistaken in that you get a new spirit that is not God's spirit. That is you. That isn't God. You get a little happy because you got a new spirit. You jump up and down, run around the floor, shout a little bit, speak with tongues, run around a little bit, think you got the Holy Ghost. That's not it. That's a new spirit. That's you. Then after he gave you your spirit, then he said, "I'll put my spirit." Now, that is the matter today. Notice, here we go. Put a new spirit. God has to give you a new spirit or you wouldn't you couldn't get along with him. You can't get along with yourself that old devil spirit in you had in you. So he got to put a new spirit in you so you can get along with his spirit. Now this I could stop here tonight and I could spend the next half an hour on that because there are so much bad behaved Christians. I have encountered ministers. I wonder if some of them even saved with their behavior gift and talking at the pulpit and sharing word that just one part of it. But that is not all of it. You have it it have a it have to have a life behind that. And God is concerned about the life behind gifts not just the gift. We could say the gift is God. Uh he give gifts. is perfect and perfect gift and whatn not but the life behind the gift is more important than the gift itself because we have seen gifts ruined by bad life poor life terrible life and God want gift that is have correct life because the Pentecostal that was the problem they didn't have the life the life was in the word and they turned on the word they rejected the prophet they end up in gifts and they're still in trouble today so do you get what I'm saying there so God want us to have a life of the word which is life of faith. Now it's not I don't want to ask which one come first the chicken or the egg but the reality is this Abraham testimony of faith or life of faith was before he got that seal of circumcision. So you cannot say when I get the Holy Ghost I will walk by faith. No you walk by faith as you hear the word. You walk by faith because you believe the word. You walk by faith because you're acting on the word. And I could prove to you and show you all through the Old Testament, those believers, those brothers, they walked by faith, trusting God, believed in God. When Joseph was was was betrayed by his brothers and sold out to Egyptians and so on, Joseph had to live a life of faith. Joseph could sit down and say, "I ain't studying nothing. I learn the language. I keep my language. I keep my tongue. I ain't working. I doing nothing. Vex are depressed. I'm frustrated." And Joseph say, "No, no. Joseph choose to educate himself. You choose to be smart, sharp. So Joseph say, "I ain't going to be a duny head. I ain't going be like ignorant." No, he sharpened himself. He applied himself. He worked diligently. It was so impressive. He got promotion because of his quality of work. He got promoted so high. The man say, "Listen, you're in charge of everything except my wife." The wife wanted Joseph to be in charge of her too. So said, "No, I ain't coming here for that job. and Judah end up in prison because he a want to submit to her and prison is where God wanted him. Now if you have a problem with your feelings and God hit you a prison trouble because you see Joseph had an anchor revelation that God can't lie and God can't fail. Joseph anchor revelation made him blessed even in prison and he had to wait there until they sent for him. a prisoner. They sent for him a jailb bird. They sent for him a man wrongly arrested. They sent for that same man because God ordained that man to be used of him. Do you know that God ordained you to be used of you? That God want to use you. Do you believe that? I want to challenge your faith tonight. I want to rock you inside your home tonight. I want to when you finish here tonight, you must feel uncomfortable with you and say, you know what, regardless of how people see me, all my family see me, God, you see me a certain way. You know me a certain way. And let me drop this scripture. You shall know as you are known. What do we say? You shall know as you are known. God see you a certain way. Way you see yourself like Gideon. God say mighty man of valor. But Gideon he wasn't seeing himself that way. But God saw Gideon a certain way. And I'm saying to you tonight, God see you a certain way. You have faith tonight. I want you to believe that with all your heart. Besides your mistakes, failures, shortcomings, and failures, you have faith in your heart tonight. All right. Woo. Time, time, time. Good Lord, help me Jesus. I'll put a new spirit with you. I'll put my spirit in them. He said after he gave you a new spirit, that is you. Don't get it confused with God's spirit. It is not. It is your new spirit so you can get along with the Holy Spirit. So God say respect your husband, honor your husband. You want to carry on and carry on and carry on. How could you as a wife agree with God's spirit when you can't even harmonize with that little piece of word respects? I know you go and beat up Satan and fight and wrestle in the den and face lion and all kind of thing like that. That just respect husband love your wives. That just the word wives submit yourself to your husband. That's just the word. I know big drama. So, I'm showing you, and I know I don't hear this much in the message, but the new spirit is to give you something that could work with the Holy Spirit. What does that mean? That means the sinner spirit can't work with the Holy Ghost. That's why he say, "A new heart, I'll give you a heart towards God. A new spirit, I'll give you a spirit that will work with the Holy Spirit." So when you get a new spirit, you now could get an antenna, a a tune in to the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is God himself. Oh, let me see. I wrap up and close now going on and on and on. So watch cause in the condition you never get along. You can't get along with your wife. Look at the problem right here. Look at right here. You need you need a new spirit. You can't get along with your wife. You can't get along with your husband. You can't get along with your neighbor. How are you going to get along with God? So he has to give you a new spirit before you can get along with him. So he puts a new spirit in you and then he puts his spirit in you and give you a new spirit, a new outlook, a new feet. Then he puts his holy spirit in you. Oh my. Let's continue. So he talk about um and he said brother Brandham didn't didn't know me. He called all the way up for the balcony somewhere sir you have prostrate trouble sitting here and he told him who he was where he was from he said every bit of it was truth he told me you are healed and Dr. Tur said to him was you healed says yes sir for a year I wasn't bothered with it at all and you know what the thing come back on me Mr. church said that proves he is false. Said if God healed they stay healed. I would like to see how many of these Nazarines that got sanified one year the next year was back for sanication again. I thought he kept it. I thought you couldn't hold back. Oh brother, some men are so narrow-minded. Listen. Listen what he's saying here now. You could put a pencil between their eyes and it'll blind them. That is right. So narrowsighted. Salvation lasts. Here we go. As long as faith lasts. Divine healing lasts as long as your faith lasts. That you got to experience 40 years ago. You forget you ever had that experience and you go out there tonight and say, "I don't even believe in it. I'm not God's servant no more." Watch how long your experience lasts. When an unclean spirit gone out of a man, he walks in dry places. He comes back with seven other spirits worse than he was. He enters in by force. And if a good man of the house ain't there to keep him out, you don't go by your feelings. I never was saved by my feelings. Here we go, church. Brother, I never was saved by my feelings. I was wasn't saved because I felt good. I am saved because I met God's promise. That's right. The devil can beat you down the stump on feelings, but he cannot speak on dust yet alone and condemn it. Praise God. And I'm finished. When my brothers turned me down for a few days more of living about six or seven years ago, I'm healthy and strong tonight because I believe God said so. I took him at his word. It's your faith in God. The only thing that will start that's the only thing that will ever heal a sick person is their personal faith in God. Not what some man can do for you. Is what the man Christ Jesus has already done for you and you accept it. Here we go. I'm closing. Last words, you refuse to see symptoms or anything else. You walk by faith. The just shall live by it. The just shall live by faith tonight. So I trust tonight that this will get to you. It's not the screams, not the shouts, not the holler. Is something that anchored in your soul. I feel tonight is a special night. I feel God will bless you tonight. I come here in a great expectation. I don't know what are your needs. As I said, I'm not in psychology or psychiatry and what is your problem and why Mexican make when he was young and you know young again. All these things irrelevant when they come to this thing called faith because faith doesn't consider anything else but what God said. And if God want you free, that's what you must want. What God wants. If God wants you to deliver, that's what you must want. If God want you filled with the Holy Ghost, Peter, full of the Holy Ghost. Andrew, full of the Holy Ghost. You want to be full of the Holy Ghost. That's what you must desire in your heart. The devil's a liar tonight. We live in this five senses and we are against these these these other senses. We we to connect with the six sense of faith. But ramp preach a message about the six sense. It's a sense of God. Something you can't explain but you just know it is God. Something working inside of you that going to work out. You can't explain it. There's a lot of stress, a lot of things around you. Moses at the Red Sea, Pharaoh coming for him. Mountain on both sides. Where do you go? You look to God and God say go forward. Where? Into the sea. Yes. Because he going to make a way right where is impossible. Into the sea. We want to walk where God want us to walk. He say into the sea. Yes. Into the seat. Into danger. Yes. Wherever. There are lions out there. It doesn't matter. As long as God is with us, he could take us through. Let's go on this. Heavenly Father, I thank you tonight for your presence in your spirit. And we feel empowered tonight to share these things in faith. The people have to have faith to move forward. Lord, they cannot go on their past and the history. There's so much people love history. love what God used and how God dealt with them 20, 40, 50 years ago, but they have no testimony right now. Struggling right now because the right now needs now faith is right now needs a president's reality. We live by faith. We walk by faith. We don't walk by sight. We don't walk by feelings. We come by faith tonight. There's going to be a bright revival. Our faith says so. Our faith declares there's going to be a seventh revival. There's going to be a manifestation of God that will stir the bright. There's going to be signs and wonders and miracles. Our faith stays so. We don't have to wait for feelings and emotions. We don't have to wait until every condition is right and the atmosphere is right. We could speak it and declare it and believe it because you said it. Father, bless the people tonight as they got in prayer. Lord, may faith rise in their souls and may a pillar of fire come into their homes and meet them in there. Meet them in that little room, in that prayer closet. Meet them in their prayer need points. May they not go by feelings and emotions and begging God in that kind of a way in all their flesh and their human spirit. But may by revelation, Father, they take a hold of your word and say, "God, you promise deliverance. You promise healing. You promise restoration. You promise forgiveness. You promise cleansing. You promise a new heart, a new spirit, your spirit. Grant it tonight, Lord. Send a revival in my soul. Quicken me, Father. I want to reach Sunday service empowered. I want to go service and to contribute something. Father, to add to the service. I want to put fire on top of fire. Oh God, I want to come not to draw down, but to add to that, that we going to have a bonfire this coming Sunday. Bless the coming Sunday service. Bless the people as they're going in prayer tonight. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you're getting in prayer. I pray that God will be with you and inspire you in your time with the Lord tonight. God bless you. God be with you. Praise God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you for your promise Lord. Thank you for your good Lord. Thank you for your truth Lord. Thank you oh God your commitment to this the last day entering bride church. How we thank you Lord for your spirit moving. How we thank you for your spirit unfolding. How we thank you Lord for coming confirming your word with signs and wonders and miracles. How we thank you. You haven't abandoned us nor forsaken us but you have sent light in our path that we could follow through with your word. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord for your presence Lord. Thank you Lord for your spirit. Lead us and guide us. We await you father. We await your spirit. Send the anointing upon the elders upon the deacon upon the trustees upon the believers. Father, from the purpose of the backbench, Father God. Oh God, may you just look over the church. Look over your people as they struggle through life as they struggle through the journey. Father, this greatest battle ever fought between the five senses and the six sense of faith. And that sense is what you want to rule us and to guide us with. Father, this six sense of faith to trust you, to trust your word, to trust your promises that you fulfilling, Father. And just as the prophets in the 50s could prophesy when they take the pope out of America. And Lord, they just have to wait until time unfolds for materialize. Each promise have a time and a season. And father God, may we await it with great expectation of your coming, Father. And as you said in your word, your appearing among us is a sign of your coming. So we look for that appearance, Lord, that you're going to move in and out among us, Lord, delivering, healing, restoring, baptizing, rescuing. Oh God, start the work tonight. Start the work in the homes of your children. Start the home work in the homes of your people. May they see the importance of the connection of talking to you and fellowship with you and praying and crying out, believing just as Peter, oh God, was in prison and the church in one mind, one accord begin to cry out unto God on his behalf. And based upon their crying out, based upon their communication and fellowship, great deliverance was wrought. Father, may we begin to see that same thing as the believers cry out in one mind, one accord, believing that you would work among us and we'll fulfill your word, Lord. And we would just sit down intellectually, but we participatories of your word, acting on your word, and walking in the same feet as Abraham. Bless your people tonight. I commit their lives into your hands, their walk and talk and action into your hands in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you saints. Thanks again for being here tonight. I trust that you are blessed tonight. or bless you.
