################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - Hearing Recognizing And Acting On The Word (Extract)  Communion Service -Prophet William Branham. - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-02
Title:   Hearing Recognizing And Acting On The Word (Extract)  Communion Service -Prophet William Branham.
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqi9G1qEqS8
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Oh, like a ship without a sea. Oh, without him. Oh, without him I can do nothing. Oh, and without him I sure be f. And without him I would be drifting. Oh, like a ship without a sea. Oh, one more time. Without him, I can do nothing. Yes, Lord. And without him, I sure be f. And without him, oh I would I'd be drifting. Oh Lord, like a ship without a sing. Oh, let's give him praise and thanks this evening. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. His greatness is unsearchable. Amen. Let's just say a prayer as we start the service this evening. Almighty God, Lord, we are grateful to be in your presence once more. Hallowed be thy name, Lord Jesus. Lord, may it come in a special way tonight and bless us, Lord, as we gather together for communion, dear God. Won't you speak to us, Father? Speak to us by your word. May your anointing and presence come down as we sing songs of praise unto your name. Minister to our hearts, dear God. Speak something to us, Lord, Father, in the next few minutes, Lord, that would shake us, Lord, and help us, Father, as we want to draw closer to you, dear God. Bless this service, Lord, and the remainder of it. We be careful to give you all the praise, honor, and glory as we welcome your presence one more once more in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Why don't you just briefly greet your brother, greet your sister real quick. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Um I need you, Lord. You raise the key just a bit. I need you, Lord. Yeah. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. Oh, I lift my hands and bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hand. I lift my hand and bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, give him praise right now in this place. Hallelujah. Lift your hand and let's worship [Music] him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. I need you, Lord. Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I lift my hands and I lift my hands and bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, let's give him praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. How many need him tonight? How many know you need him tonight more than ever before? Lord, we need you. Oh, praise God. Just before we pick up the ting offering, we just have a few praises and a prayer request here. Just want to read just quickly. Amen. Uh firstly, from our brother Richards, sister Victoria Brown and thanking God for 48 years of marriage yesterday, May 31st. So, God bless you. Have you had an anniversary? Amen. See that there were trials and struggles but we trusted God who brought us through. There's no other way but to trust and obey and victory is sure. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Wonderful. That's real tremendous testimony brother and sister and we celebrate with you as well. Also from brother Andy and sister Victoria Henry thanking God to see 18 years of marriage last Monday. So they're also celebrating. So, God bless you again. Amen. And happy anniversary to you both as well. God bless you richly. There's one prayer request here. And if anyone else has a prayer request, you can feel free to show by raise of hands. We'll remember you in prayer as well. Amen. There was just one prayer request here for my wife who she just had headaches and dizziness up to yesterday. So, we're just asking God for a touch in her life. Amen. May God bless you as well as we pray. Let's just pray together. Amen. Almighty God, Lord, we are thankful for your grace and mercy. We thank you, Lord, that there's healing in your name. Lord, there is deliverance in your name. Lord, you the God that sees all things. Lord, you created a way, Father, for us to come into your presence through your blood through the the sacrifice of your son, Jesus Christ. Lord, you died, Lord, and every stripe upon your back was for healing there, God. Father, healing is the children's bread and we thank you for healing tonight. Lord, I bring Lord Kersha before you, Lord, in the presence of God. I pray touch her, Lord, and help her and strengthen her, Father. Heal her body, Lord. Heal her mind and the headaches and the dizziness, Lord. I pray that your anointing would flow, Lord, and give her brand new touch. Bless your people in the house of God today, Lord. So many ailments and challenges, Father, different situations and circumstances, but Lord, you are the master of every circumstance. There's nothing that you cannot do, oh God, Father. And God, our eyes are upon you tonight. We pray, oh God, for healing, Lord, for deliverance, Lord, for breakthrough for each one that raised their hand in the house of God this evening. Father, may you pour out a blessing upon them, Father. Lord, and may anoint and inspire and heal their God. Touch our pastor today, Lord, this evening, Father. May heal his body also, Lord, and every challenge that he has, Father, physically, Lord. He put out so much Lord this morning in the service Lord and we just pray 100fold blessing for him this evening Lord may you touch him father virtue to his body their God and may you raise him up in health and strength remember also assistant pastor Isaac Lord may you touch him and bless him also bless the family there God may anoint your ministry the church and everyone Lord Father as we continue to press the battle in Jesus name we pray and ask it amen praise Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Can you give the Lord a hand of praise? Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Amen. Praise him. One more song. Oh, we'll praise him. Oh yes. We'll praise him in the morning. Oh, and praise him in the noon time. We'll praise him. Oh, we'll praise him. Oh, we'll praise him when the sun goes down. And we love him. Oh, we'll love him. Oh, we love him. Oh, we'll love him in the morning. Love him in a new time. Oh, we love him. Oh, we'll love him. Oh, love him when the sun goes down. Oh, we serve him. Oh, we'll serve him. Oh, yes, we'll serve. Serve him. We'll serve him in the morning and we'll serve him in the new time. We'll serve him. Oh, we'll serve him. We serve him when the sun goes down. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, well. I won't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I won't let Satan blow it out. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, well, I won't let Satan blow it up. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Shine your light. Shine your light. Till Jesus come. I'm going to let fire. Oh, shine your light till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, shine your light till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Shine your light till Jesus come. Hallelujah. Shine your light till Jesus come. Tell the devil I'm going shine my light till Jesus come. And I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, there'll be shouting on the hills of glory. Oh, there'll be shouting on the hills. There'll be shouting on the hills as we reach that land of which we glory. There'll be shouting on the hill of God. One more time. Oh, there'll be shouting on the hills of glory. Oh, there'll be shouting on the hills. Oh, shouting on the hills. And as we reach that land of which we've heard the story, they'll be shouting on the hills of God. Amen. Amen. As brothers get ready, bring the ti offering. Amen. Praise God. Let's get ready to pick that up. Amen. Uh praise God. The ti offering. Praise God. Let's get ready to pick that up. Amen. Let's just bow our heads quickly as we want to say a prayer for it. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you once more as we pause, Father, and we pick up the tsy offering. And Lord, we pray you bless it. May you use it, Lord, for the fruits of your gospel. Bless your people as they give one more time. May you provide for them, Father, in Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen and amen. In everything, give him thanks. One more song we'll sing as we get ready, praise God, to switch over. Oh, everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. Oh, and oh everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. Oh, in the good times, in the good times, praise his name. Praise his [Music] name. Oh, in the bad times, do the same and in everything. and the King of Kings. All the things one more time in everything. Oh, everything. Everything. Give him thanks. Give thanks. Oh, give him thanks. Oh yeah. Oh [Music] everything. Oh we give it. Oh. In the good times we praise his name. Praise his name to see. And in the bad times, oh, we do the same. And in everything, the king of kings. Oh, all the time. Oh, give the Lord one more shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, in the good times. Oh, in the good times. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, the bad times. Yes, Lord. Do the same. Hallelujah. We're here to praise him in everything. Oh, in everything. Oh, all the time. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what a joy. What a peace only he can give. Oh, may the dove float through here this evening. Touch our weary hearts. Give us peace like unto a river. Oh, what a presence. We thank God. Do you feel his presence here this evening? Oh, he's among his people. We're so grateful and is just so wonderful. Now, we ready to switch over to the word. So you may have your seats. We're about to have a tape play this evening and it's hearing recognizing and acting upon the word of God preached by our precious William Mariam Brandom, God's prophet. Amen. So God, would you bless you as you put the tape on? May you receive faith in Jesus name by the word of God as we hear it. Amen. Praise God. and that's what they will do. Compromise. Someone said, "Billy, if you don't stop that, you'll run everybody away." There's one thing that won't go, the Holy Spirit, because it's his word. And the real predestinated believer won't go away because it's food to his soul. He loves it. Nothing can keep him away from it. He'll do anything like Jacob, but he wants that birthright. He'll stand there. I don't care if it cost every friend he's got. If it cost his job, if it cost his church membership, if it cost everything, he'll still hold to it cuz he can't help it. There's something in him moving him. The de calling him to the dean. Oh, praise the Lord. There you are. Thank you, Jesus. something in him. Look, anything you want to find in the Bible and pick it up here. Go back to Genesis and see where it hatched out of. See word come to all the spirits and moves today. Go back to Genesis. That's what we've done to prove to you these things that you're seeing, friends. Don't forget that. Don't let it go over top of your head. Let it soak into you. That's the things of God. Hallelujah. That come to a head. And Jesus predicted it would come to a head again in the last days. And it would be by this, the seal of God and the mark of the beast. Two spiritual powers working together. Now anyone knows that the seal of God is the birthright. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed to the day of your redemption. When they were born again, they were filled with the Holy Spirit." The Holy Spirit is the new birth. We know that you're you're begotten of the spirit. I'll admit that. But until you're born, there's a baby's begotten in its mother's womb. It's got one kind of life. That's life and it's little the little um cells in it twisting and kicking and jumping like that. But when it's born, it has a like that and then it squeals out. It becomes a living soul. And a baby can go to church and say, "Well, I believe in church. I I'll go I'll do this and I'm a good I want to do right. I want to do right. But what it needs is a gospel spank to wake it up to squeal to eternal life. The Holy Spirit screams in it like it never screamed before and it's a new creature. It's born of the spirit and begins to grow, move, and have its being in God. See, just as a baby, natural baby has his being in the world. Then if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one waiting. See, just as sure as the natural body was coming forth, there's a spiritual body to receive it when it dropped from its mother. And when it drops from the mother earth, which is it's in the womb of it now, groaning, crying, oh, oh God, groaning, laboring, getting old, and sickness and everything besetting it, and a spirit on the inside of it, looking for a land beyond the river. It's groaning, twisting, jumping. That's it. That's sir, because there's a life in there that lives forever. It's in a body that's got to die. Sometime this is a mother drop the natural baby in a spiritual body. Got it? The earth will drop in the body if the natural will drop and the physical body or the celestial body will grab it. This earthly tabernacle be dissolved. We have one waiting. That's the reason you forget the things of the world. They're dead to you. There's the spirit. Now watch it as we move on. Now, the two spirits, the Holy Ghost is the new birth. We know that it's being born again of the spirit of God. That's how you're born by the spirit. Born by the spirit. That's the new birth. All right? You're begotten of the spirit. Then when you're born of the spirit, you're filled with the Holy Ghost. All right? Then when these two are in the earth, the natural and the spiritual, um, sometimes the I've seen this now in closing, I want to come to a close now by saying this for a few minutes. In the natural or in the spiritual, either one. Now, I hope that everyone catches this. Now, be just as quiet and reverent as you can. Now, have you ever seen this? You've seen in our churches today, even in the groups where we have separated oursel and made organizations and we've seen all of this. And you've seen a man pick up a certain scripture and brother, that man can take that scripture and make it live new, make it live just exactly what it promised you in the Bible. And the next man will see him do it and he'll come around and try to do it and fail. I hope you're reading now. He'll fail. Why? The scripture is not inspired to him. He's only trying to impersonate. He's trying to act like something. He want maybe he was sent by man. Maybe some man said, "Well, you can do the same thing." Just like Jesus said it would be this way. The Bible predicts it in the last days as Jammers and Jamies which stood Moses. Yeah. Amen. There stood Moses and there stood Jamies and Moses threw down his rod and it become a serpent. Why? Pharaoh said, "Come here Jamies. You can do the same thing." And he didn't see. But what happened then? Moses' rod eat up the rod of his. See, it was made manifest. Where was his rod? Just like superstion perception. It's like some of the spiritualism. It's like some of these churches that they believe carnal way away. The things they say, "Well, that was for another day." They're all together out. But watch this spirit in the last days going to impersonate the real spirit. See, that's where your trouble's coming. just exactly like the one that's real. But he couldn't make it manifest. He couldn't make it whole. He couldn't make it last. Oh, God. People come up and say, "I got the Holy Ghost, too." Look way they live. It don't last. From one revival to another, from one meeting to another, it's made manifest. They haven't got it. If a man's born of the spirit of God or a woman, they have the fruit of the spirit. They walk godly. They live that life. See, they keep away from the things of the world. God moves in them and makes himself manifest and proves that he's God working in there. The other is impersonating. See, impersonations, that's what's been all the way down. Impersonating. Look at Ishmael and Isaac. All down. See, impersonating. Look at the prophet Moses and look at the prophet Balam. See? See how they come down? Look at Judas and look at Jesus. And Jesus predicts that this Holy Spirit in the last days would be the seal of God. Now, what would be the mark of the beast? Would be to reject the seal of God. For all that didn't have the seal of God had the mark of the beast. And if it's two spiritual marks, one of them will be a true mark of God, the other will be apostasy. Can you see it? Look at the mark in the Old Testament when the trumpet blow the Jubilee. Ever so many years the the slaves went free because the trumpet sounded. Well, everyone that wanted to be free could go. But some of them they love to be slaves. So they tuck them to the altar and in the post of the church and bored their ear with an all and they were marked forever. They always served that master. And today you'll hear a gospel message on truth. Now you can be free if you want to. God speaks to you. But when you get up to that borderline here and look over and have a knowledge truth and then turn away, he bores you. in the ear and you'll always be an intellectual believer. You'll be religious and go to church, but never receive the Holy Ghost. Then you serve that the rest of your days. Now, the mark of the beast or the seal of God, and we're getting so close. Now, look, the word has to be inspired hearing it. Amen. recognizing it and acting upon it. Many people are here but won't recognize it. God will see this is the hour for you. I wouldn't be a holy roller and I don't want none of that. See, they don't recognize it. We'll go to meetings. The great Holy Spirit will move down. I was sitting there the other day when a vision came forth and predicted just exactly what I said. Here comes a young man. Come here. Motion to that waiter. You have heart trouble and you're looking for it's exactly right. See that woman coming out? Come here. You got tumor on the breast. It's on the left breast and you're in a very bad shape and you're a sinner and no. Exactly right. Those men sat there and looked around preachers and all. No. go to a meeting and watch the Holy Spirit go right out through the meeting and tell the secrets of the hearts thing like I say wonderful see. Oh brother, see it it's it's on the other side there and a dog to its vom just the same. Don't you see I'm talking to the end the see you must realize then friend what condition you're in. That's the reason this tape I said to church only. The church only. If you've been called from life, from darkness unto life, from death unto life, from a formal interlection, conception of Christ to a bornagain experience and watching your life that it lays the things of the world aside. You stand for Christ regardless. And something happened. See, there's something in you hungering and moving like it was Jacob. your wrestle with the Lord. You walk different after that. Something's different in you. You've changed. Now, it has before it can be done, it has to be inspired to you. I don't care. I can stand here and preach till I got what hair I got left fell out till my shoulder stooped down and I was 90 years old and you listen every day until God quickens that to you. Amen. You're still in the same shape. Amen. Two days I've been studying and praying on this. I said, "Lord, should I say that to the church?" Someone said, "Say it." Amen. The hour is at hand. That's it. Say it. I feel he be pulling me away pretty soon. So I I want you to know it. No man can come to me, said Jesus, except my father draws him first. Oh, I know you say you have God and Abraham to your father. But I tell you this, you're the your father, the devil, said Jesus, religious man, priest and great man. You are the devil, your father. See, notice the fruits of the spirit. Now, see, it has to be quickened to you. I couldn't imagine Noah saying, you know what? It just must be it might rain someday. So, I'll just go out and build me an ark. If it rains, well, I get in the ark and move right away. And nothing will bother me because I'm going to get the ark and move away. Could you imagine? No, that wasn't it. If that had been it, oh, may the elected hear it now. If that would have been it, the first scoffer come by as the Bible said there was scoffed at him. He'd laid his hammer down and walked away like man does today that starts out with Jesus. And when they look over and see the truth, they back away from it. They can't stand it. like that noted evangelist that it'll tear up my ministry. I don't care for a ministry that the Holy Ghost would tear up. It ought to be toise. Hallelujah. Now, but see, it's pride. So much man, so much person. Oh, notice in this. Now Noah was out in the field and he heard and he recognized and he acted. No matter how many scoffers come, he built right away. Noah, your holy ruler. Don't bother me a bit. Building away. He had heard. He had recognized it to be God. judged by the scriptures. And it was so he built right away on the ark regardless. Could you imagine? Could you ever imagine this? That Moses on his way to Egypt got out one day and said to Zepha, his wife, Zephra, you know what? I've polished up some of my grammar. I have got a little of my mathematics all straightened up and some of my geometry and oh many other things and my education since I've been hering sheep back here. I I've polished up on some of that. I made a mistake down in Egypt. I think I'll go down and correct it. I think it'll go down. No. The first wave come against him. He have fell right there. What did he do? He forgot all he ever known about dramaty and about uh his intellectual. It was the one got him in trouble. That's what's got the church in trouble today is too many educated preachers without being born of the spirit. Men and women like to listen to intellectual speeches instead of preaching the power and the resurrection of Jesus Christ. That's what's got us in trouble today. We don't need any more high schools and education for preachers. We need God called man that's filled with the Holy Spirit and not some man-made theology at some denomination. Right. He God called man. Moses was hurting sheep settle down and forgot. He not his intellectuals had failed. He not his education and failing. He's hurting sheep. But he heard off your shoes, Moses. The ground you're standing on is holy. He listened to it. What was it? The voice the angel had spoke was scriptural. Amen. He promised Abraham his father, "I'll visit the people after they have been down here for 400 years, and I'll take them out with a mighty arm." You recognize that that was God's scripture being made manifest. Let me stop a minute. Let this sink in. Can you see what I'm talking about today? God's words being made manifest right before you, and you don't realize it. Think now of Sodom and Gomorrah. Think of the promise of Christ for the last days. Moses recognized it. It was scriptural. It was a promise. He heard. He recognized something come in him, brother. He could go do it. Then he acted. He could go down and stop every Pharaoh. He could call plagues when he wanted to. He could open a Red Sea because he had heard. He had recognized. He was acting in God's spin. I'll be God to you. You be prophet to me. He said, and if he said, "I can't do it." He said, "Well, then you be God and let Aaron be your prophet. You must go anyhow." He never just said, "Well, maybe I ought to go down and straighten things up." Could you imagine Elijah on Mount Carmel said, "You know, this land's awful sinful. Perhaps maybe I ought to go out and tell Ahab. He ought to be ashamed of himself. Maybe I ought to go up on the mountain there and stay on and just fast so long till them people get so sick and tired to see me up there starving to death. No, no, that wasn't it. But he heard, he recognized and he acted. I have commanded the ravens to feed you. Get up there, my leader. Amen. When it come time for a showdown between Baal and God, he said, "Go get your sacrifices. Do anything to him you want to and call upon your God." When they cut themselves and had a lot of flesh and jumped up and down, had a lot of noise, he said, "Holler a little louder. Maybe he's gone pursuing some or he might be asleep." Oh, brother. Oh, brother. Well, you know what? He said, "I'm a believer in Jehovah, so I can do this anyhow." Oh, no. Don't you impersonate that. No, don't you try to be Elijah till God called you to be. Yes, sir. I'm a servant of Jehovah. There's 700 of them down there, too. But none of them dared to do it. Then when he cut the block and poured the water on, he said, "Lord, I've done this at your command." Amen. See the anybody else would have tried it would have been a total failure. It's got to be inspired to you. The Holy Spirit has to bring it and make it manifest to you. That's what's the matter today. You can't get up the altar and say, "Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I want the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah." No. But brother, sister, when the Holy Ghost has inspired that word to you, you'll get it before you leave your seat. Amen. Something in you burning up. Wow. Preacher won't have to tell you do this and do that. The old leaves will just pop off and new leaves will come on. It's inspired to you. You won't get angry with the preacher when he preaches truth from the Bible. You'll love it. Reach for it. It's food to your soul. Even Jesus himself. He said, "I do not what I want to do within myself. The son can do nothing but what he sees the father doing." Amen. the words. He was Emanuel himself. He was God on earth. Jesus was. He was the flesh that God dwelt in. He was a tent that God lived under. Amen. But in all of that, the virgin born son of God, Emmanuel in the fullness of the spirit, he had the spirit without measure. Amen. Yet in his own flesh, he said, "I'll do nothing until the father shows me first." Inspired to him to do it. Satan said, "Turn these stones into bread and perform a miracle. Let me see you do it." He said, "It's written, man shall not live by bread alone." Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. But when a crowd was hungry, he picked up five biscuits and two little fish and fed 5,000. Oh, hallelujah. You see what I mean? Don't try to impersonate. That's what's the matter with Pentecost today. What's the matter with the church today? There's too many trying to impersonate they got the Holy Ghost. There's too many trying to impersonate divine healing. There's too many trying to impersonate different things of the Lord. You can't do that. That things comes by election. God calling you're a dock from the mother's womb. Amen. Gifts and callings are without repentance. Oh my. That's true. You can't make yourself something you're not. But if God calls, you'd be the most thankful person in the world. Hallelujah. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just raise your hands, close your eyes, and just praise him this evening. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you for your word, Lord Jesus. We bless your name, Lord. Hearing, recognizing, and acting upon your word, Lord. Father, Lord, may we not just be hearers only, but doers also, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you for your word. Inspire to our hearts, Lord. In Jesus name. Amen. Amen. We appreciate the message this evening. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's just turn to our Bibles at this time as we want to switch over to the Lord's supper. Amen. First Corinthians 11 23-32. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we pray that you bless the reading of your word inspired to your people now in Jesus' name. Amen. Chapter 11 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. Let's just bow our heads one more time. Amen. As we want to pray for the articles and the feet washing. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful here this evening, Lord, in your presence, Father. Lord, as we are in obedience to your word, Lord, where your people would gather, Father, to partake of the bread and wine, Lord, symbol of body and blood of Jesus. We pray you bless and sanctify the articles that have been prepared this evening. And Lord, as your people, Lord, would partake, Father, may your Holy Spirit so anoint our hearts. Father, inspire us, Lord, to be better Christians. Lord, inspire us, Lord, to love you more, Father, to love your people, Father. And when we hear your word and recognize your word, Lord, may it move into action, Father, even the action of our faith, Father. For Lord, faith without works is dead. So Lord, come and cause that action of our faith in the lives of the hearts of the people. Lord, bless your ministry here this evening. Bless us as we would partake now. Bless your people as they would wash one another's feet with love and humility and respect. Take full control. Father, we commit everything now into your hands in Jesus' name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Praise God. Keep your heads bowed as we want to observe a moment of silence where you would pray for the ministry and the ministry would pray for you at this time. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated at this time as we want the deacons and elders to come forward to begin serving. Amen. God richly bless you. [Music]
