################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - For The Glory Of God - Bro. Gideon Ovid - Gideon Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    For The Glory Of God - Bro. Gideon Ovid
Speaker:  Gideon Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeGGkb0E8kw
========================================

Description:
This message was given on Wednesday 4th June 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yes. Don't you [Music] Yeah. So yeah, sing with [Music] something. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat [Music] [Music] up here. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let us stand this evening life. Let us lift our hands all over this place. Be glorified today. Let's give him glory. Oh, singing in my be [Music] glorified. Be glorified in my life, Lord. [Music] Oh my be glorified today. Just one more time. Oh, singing in my life. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Just worship him wherever you are right [Music] now. Blessed be your name Jesus. Lord we praise you Lord. Father we worship you. We lift you up Lord. Lord we make our boast in you Lord. There is none like you. Creator of heaven and earth, creator of everything, Lord. Lord, you provide the air that we breathe tonight, Lord. Lord, you give us the strength in our bones to be here, Lord. You allow us to see a new day and to be gathered together in this way, Lord. Lord, we thank you. We love you. We praise you. We worship you, Lord. There is none like you in all the earth. We could search high and low, left and right, north and south, and we will find nobody that could compare to your love, to your grace, your power, your presence. Lord, I pray that you captivate us tonight. That your angels will surround us, that your power would be with us tonight. That you will manifest yourself among us, Lord. That we'll see signs, wonders, and miracles, Lord. Lord, that you will meet every need, Lord. Lord, your people have gathered together in faith, in need of something, desirous of more, Lord. They want more than just words, more than just a song, Lord, but they want to hear direct from you, Lord. Lord, I pray that you speak to your people, Lord. That you will speak to their hearts, Lord. That you'll inspire them, that you will lift them up and raise up those that are tired, Lord, those that are weary, those that may be struggling, Lord. Lord, strengthen the feeble knees tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that your anointing will pour out. Lord, I pray that you will cast away every distraction, everything that could easily be settled that could throw us off, Lord. Lord, that we just have our mind focused on you. That our hearts will be focused on you, Lord. That we could we just just worship you and praise you on bridal praise, Lord. That we no hindrance our worship, no hindrance our adoration of you, Lord. We love you and we praise you and we thank you Lord. You've been so good. You've been so kind. You've been so merciful, so loving. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Thank you, lamb of God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. If you have your Bibles, turn with me to a quick portion of scripture. Reading in book of [Music] Psalms. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Just reading a few verses in Psalms chapter 84. And it says, "How amiable I thy tabernacles, oh Lord of hosts. My soul longeth, yeah, even fainted for the courts of the Lord. My heart and my flesh cried out for the living God. Yay, the sparrow hath found an house, and a swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars. Oh Lord of hosts, my king and my God. Blessed are they that dwell in thy house. They will be still praising the sailor. May we bow our heads one more time. Oh heavenly father, we thank you Lord for your word. We thank you for the inspiration to have your service tonight. Lord, we thank you for your people that are gathered here in person. Lord, those connected on the internet and wherever they might be right now. I pray that you would meet them, Lord. Touch them. Those that may engage with this content even afterwards, Lord. I pray that their needs be met. That lives be changed and transformed. That no one will come here the same way and and leave the same way they came. Lord, Lord, I pray that lives would not just be changed, but that hearts will be healed, that minds would be renewed, Lord, Lord, and their faith will be lifted and built such that they could see the miraculous tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that you take full control over the the musicians, the technicians, Lord. The songs that will be sung, the words that will be spoken, Lord, speak to your people in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing that song. I exalt thee, oh Lord. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. Said I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. Say, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. [Applause] Oh Lord, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. Just one more time. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh [Music] Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's sing that song. We're gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. Oh, we've gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. We've gathered by the Lord and where his power is. Halleluah. Hallelu. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Oh, we're gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. Oh, we're gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. Halleluah. Hallelu. Hallelu. Halleluah. Oh, we've gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. We've gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. Halleluah. Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelujah. One more time. We're gathered by the Lord. That's where his power is. We're gather by his. Oh, that's where. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, halleluah. Oh, we praise his name. His wonderful name. We praise his name. His wonderful name. His name is to be praised. We praise his name. His name is to me. We praise. We praise his just one more time. We praise his name. His wonderful name. Oh, we praise his name. His wonderful name. His name is to be praised. We praise his name. His name is to be praised. We praise his name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. He deserves all his praise. All your praise, all your honor is due to him and his matchless name. Blessed be his wonderful name tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Let's sing that song. Last song. You made a way. When my back was against the wall and it looked as if it were over that you you made a way. And now we're standing here only because you made saying you you made a way. Just think about it tonight. When my back was against the wall and it looked as if it were over for you, you made a way. Now we're standing here only because you made a way. Listen. And you move mountains. You cause walls to fall with your power. Perform miracles and there is nothing that's impossible. Now we're standing here only because you made I said you move mountains, you cause walls to fall with your power. perform miracles and there is nothing that's impossible. Now we're standing here in 2025 only because you made oh saying you you you made a [Music] way when my back was against the wall and it looked as if it were over. that you you made a way. Now we're standing here only because you made a [Laughter] way. Blessed be his name. Thank you Jesus. Just worship him right now. Wherever you are, wherever you are right now, just give him praise. Just give him glory. Just give him honor. Just give him worship. He deserves every ounce of your praise tonight. Every inch of your worship, he deserves it. He is greater than any challenge you have, any problem, any trial, however you feel, doesn't matter right now because he made a way for you to be here. He predestinated that you be here tonight. Just give him glory. Just give him honor. Yes, Lord. Father, we praise you, Lord. Father, we worship you, Lord. We glorify your name. We exalt you. We lift you up. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Where would we be without his blood tonight? Where would we be without his grace? Where would we be without his love, without his power, without his presence, without his leadership and guidance? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. My my my my. It sure feels good in here tonight. I don't know if you realize, but I'm excited. I know something good is about to happen. I can't predict what it is, but I know something good is in store. You just got to reach out and grab a hold tonight. You can leave here healed tonight. You can leave here delivered tonight. You can leave here set free, at ease, at liberty tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. You love him. Thank you, Jesus. Let's just give Jesus a hand of praise. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, lamb of God. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just want to switch over to the word at this time. Thank you, brother Steven. Hallelujah. You love the Lord tonight. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn with me to just a couple scriptures. Amen. Reading from the book of St. John, chapter 11. Just the first four verses there. When you find it, you could say, "Amen." Amen. My my In the book of St. John chapter 11 from verse 1, it says, "Now a certain man was sick named Lazarus of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha. It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment and wiped his feet with her hair whose brother Lazarus was sick." In verse three, therefore his sister sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick. And in verse four, when Jesus heard that, he said, "This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby." We just bow our heads as we offer a word of prayer. Oh, heavenly father, Lord, we've come under expectation tonight, Lord, to hear from you. I pray that you would take me out to the way, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would quicken your words tonight, Lord. That somebody could be touched, somebody could be changed, somebody could be set free, somebody could be delivered, Lord. I pray that you would anoint my words, Lord, and and anoint the scriptures, Lord. Lord, that you will put it together, Lord, that only only the way that you can, Lord, to serve your people, to deliver this message, Lord. Lord, I pray that you have your preeminence tonight. I pray that you do a perfect work tonight, Lord. I pray that I would deliver it the way that you wanted, Lord. Lord, that we wouldn't come here just to play games, just to see each other, Lord, just for a social gathering, Lord, but to find a reality, Lord, and to to be drawn closer to you, Lord. Have your perfect will tonight in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may have your seats. Don't want to keep you too long. So you know I'm not a long speaker but I want you to hold that scripture in the St. John 11 we read verse 1 to4. Amen. There's so much power in there. There is so much anointing in there. There's so much wrapped up in there. But I want to paint a picture tonight. And before I move forward I want to tell you my title. My title is for the glory of God. Amen. God often does stuff that we can't understand for his glory. Just because he is God just be because he is big and and he wants things happen a particular way. You see God's word is is is is is the antidote. It's like medication. You know sometimes you take up a bottle of medication and you read it and it has different things on it. It has directions. Sometimes you may see instructions. They may have the dosage based on your age and different criteria. Sometimes you need to read the fine print to ensure that what you're taking is accurate for the symptoms you have or the challenges you have. So, so just like the word of God is the antidote in that sense when you look if you were to look at God and you know at times they say best before meals sometimes after meals first thing on an empty stomach. If we read the fine prints in the Bible they might they might say the attributes of God are best expressed through adversity. That's the kind of thing you will see. It's not just expressed. It's best expressed through adversity. You see, he loves to find you when you're sick so he could heal you. He loves to find you when you're broken so he could put you back together. He likes to take you when you're low so he could lift you up. He likes to find you when you're poor so he could make you rich. He likes to find when you're back against the wall so he could pull you through. When you're at the end of the rope, so he could lift you up. He likes to find you in position in precarious positions when you you're not sure how you're going to get out of this one. That's that's often times where he wants to find you because that's when he could show up strong. That's when he could get the most glory. He wants you when you're in the battle because he's the mighty conqueror. He wants you when it looks like things not working out because he's the answer. He He wants you in these strange things that you can't explain. And it looks like you're low and it looks like you're dumb and it looks like you're broke and it looks like like there's no thing no good thing could come out of Nazareth. And no good thing could come out of wherever you live tonight. That's sometimes a place he wants you because in there he gets to glory because he could pull you out and put you where he wants you. Put you where he wants you to go. Make you who he wants you to be. Cuz sometimes we there because of circumstance, because of environment, because of family, because of different things. But but often times when we look around and we look a little closer and we read the fine print, we realize wait only for his glory we are here. We are in a position and you think was your boss, you think was your children or you think they're frustrating you. No, God wants to get the glory in your home. He wants to get the glory in your job. He wants to get the glory in your community. That's why even when Lazarus was sick and the scripture said it there he said you know my brother the one you love so so we dropped something in there extra the impetus drive motivation to come and deal with the scenario he said that that that same one you love he's sick he's not doing too well in in other words we recommend that that you come hastily that you come quickly that you do what you must do in his life right now that you you do a miracle tonight and and he said hold Wait a minute. Here's the thing. I could probably do that, you know. But you know what? It's better if I wait a while. Because I I I doing this not for me. I'm not doing this for show. I'm not doing this because I I want you to have a nice story to tell, but I'm doing for his glory, for his honor, for so he could be glorified. So he could be worshiped. So he could receive the praise. So he could receive the ad adoration. So it's not about you tonight. It's not about me tonight, but it's about him for his glory, for his honor. So his attributes could be magnified in your life, in your scenario, in your situation. I know it seemed like, "Oh gosh, this Christian journey is so hard and the trials and the challenges and the ups and downs and I I really thought I would have been in a better position and I really want to to show I want to show this thing and I want to show that thing and I want to to to No, no, no. At the end of the day, he has the final say. He will shift things around. Listen, he will change your boss. He will change governments. He will change your neighbors. He will pass laws and enforce things to ensure he gets the glory that his attributes are magnified and glorified. He not playing in it's not it's not God is a trinity and and the way I want him to come I really wanted him to do this and I wanted to operate so because it could reflect. No, it's not about your your thoughts. No, your thoughts are not his thoughts. His thoughts are higher than yours. His ways are different to yours. You can't measure up yet. That's why I say he deserves all the glory, all the honor, all the worship, all the praise, all the adoration. [Music] Now, I I know I told you before to to put your finger on the scripture to keep it right there. I want to revisit and and move forward to from verse five. Now, let's go a little deeper. Somebody say deeper. Deeper. We want to go deeper tonight. We want to explore a little more. Right? So, we already established that he doing things the way he wanted. He doing things for his glory. He doing it. And it may look strange to you that he didn't answer your prayer yet. It may look strange to you that you didn't get the promotion yet. It may look strange to you that you didn't get the call that you expected to get, but for his glory. So, don't listen. Don't fight up. Don't beat up. Keep on praying. Keep on coming. Keep on worshiping. B your knees more. Do it deeper, farther, faster. Listen, he listen. He want to push you and turn you and burn you. He want to heat it. Listen. When listen, when the three Hebrew boys say we're not going to bow down, God could have come and say, "Listen, you see fellas, all you real faithful and thing, let me take all you and put all your way." So, he could have do that. You know, but you know what he say? Hotter, hotter, more pressure, more pressure. So you on your job, you feel, oh gosh, pressure here, boy. My my appraisal, my boss, the 360, the person telling they lie about me and is is untrue is a rumor, you know. No. And you trying to defend. Listen, you know, cuz he know you could take it. He know you have what you take because he he listen, he chose his best soldiers for this time. He wouldn't put you through that if he didn't think you would have come true. He don't put you in battle for joke. He not going to sacrifice here. You know, you know it have something called suicide bombers. They just strap on and they go on and they don't mind running and listen to sacrifice themselves in in lie of battle in the name of whoever they supporting God work. He said, "Listen, every place you put your foot is yours. You will get the victory. You will be able to rejoice after the battle is over." So listen, he not losing one or no. Not one. So tell your children, put put them on notice tonight when you go home. Say, "He not giving up one." Not one. Not one will be left behind. He not going and give them up. No. So you can't give up on them tonight. You had to keep praying, keep listen, keep fasting, keep pressing, keep sacrificing for them. They're probably not ready yet. But it the truth is it's not that they're not ready. You know, he not ready for you yet. You know, there are some foods they will tell you, hang it out to dry. We can't use it wet. Let it dry. And when you check, let's say it's orange peel or whatever you look too green. You can't use it green. It need to dry. It has to go through the time. The sun need to burn it. It need to beat it. You can't feel sorry for it, you know. You can't say, "Look, let me help you." No. Listen, cuz they had to go through their process. God don't have grandchildren, you know. So sometimes they have to go through their process. But you have to do what you have to do. I sure you remember hearing about the praying grandmothers, the praying men, the praying women, the ancient ones who not giving up not in gossip and banal but they praying. They the listen they fasting, sacrificing, spending time on their knees, fellowshipping, having communion with God, having conversation with God so God could store it up as vials, knowing that listen, that is prayer of the righteous. That is the prayer of the godly. That's the prayer of the sincere and the honorable. And they love me. They are doing this out of fear. They're doing this because they love me. Hallelujah. I want to get back to the scripture. And in verse 5 of John 11, it says, "Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus." So he is trying to qualify that he didn't just abandon them, he loved them. And in verse six, he said, "When he had heard thereof that he was sick, he abodeed two days still in the same place where he was." In essence, he didn't move. Yes, he wait two extra days. Sometimes you need to to to to to to pray extra. So he wait extra days. In verse seven, he says, "Then after that said he to his disciples, let us go into Judea again." His disciples say unto him, "Master, the Jews have laid sought to stone thee." In essence, that's not a good idea. And goest thou hither again. Again you want to go. Is elixia like? In verse 9, Jesus answered, "Are there not 12 hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumble not because he seeth the light of this world. But if a man walking in the night, he stumbleth because there is no light in him." These things in verse 11 said he, "And after that he said unto them, our friend Lazarus sleepeth." So he reinforced highlighted again that this is my friend. This is not a stranger. This is not a odd request. This is our friend Lazarus sleepeth, but I go that I may awake him out of sleep. In verse 12, then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well. How be it, Jesus spake of his death. But they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep. In verse 14, then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead. So this is not a parable. I'm not using an illustration or example. He He died. Amen. He dead. Yeah. Hallelujah. In verse 15, it says, "I am glad for your sake that I was not there." To the intent you may believe. Here it is again. To the intent ye may believe. Nevertheless, let us go on to him. In essence, I want to ensure that you could believe what is going to take place. I want you to recognize that although it looks gloomy and it looks dismal and it looks like he can't recover from this scenario let us go now now that we could guarantee and in short it reminds me of Elijah when the false prophets prayed and they did a simid and nothing happens you know what he said he said listen let us pour water dig trenches around it and pour water you see we want to ensure that this is not flukes we don't want to say because you wait last and you went second will you allow you know everything to dry up so the fire could come and incinerate and burn. No, he not leaving it a chance of opinion. He said, "Pour water." And when they pour the water, he say, "Listen, pour more." I want to ensure beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no sense, no ounce, there's no inch of disbelief in what is about to take place. Because God must get the glory. This is not about Elijah, but the God of Elijah, the God I serve is greater than the gods of the false prophets. Amen. So here Jesus is with his disciples. And he said, "Listen, perhaps we should go." Amen. And tar a little bit. We should wait because we want to ensure that Lazarus is properly dead. Amen. We don't want it up to guest. We don't want somebody say, "Well, they put him in yesterday and he was kind of moving, you know, so he probably have oxygen that could last." No, we want to ensure he is dead. Because the God I serve is not, listen, he's not a normal person. He is God. He listen, he's certified and qualified in the impossible. That's his specialization. You know, there are do there are doctors who specialize in brain surgery. those that specialize in in heart valve replacement and all kind of stuff. Listen, he specialized in the impossible. So when it seems that there's no way, there is no hope. There is no turning back. That is when his specialization comes on display. When he comes and say, "I'm Dr. Jesus. I heard you have a problem. I heard you have a child giving trouble. Your child in the club tonight and you don't know what to do. They're smoking weed and you don't know what to do. They listen, they're living in sin and you don't know what to do. You're fed up. Talk to them and you're praying for them. He specialized in that. That's his area of specialization. When it seems like your troubles is too much to bear, that's when he shows up and say, "Listen, let us go. Let us solve this. Let's sort this out." Why? Because we want to bring glory to God. And we want you to believe that it's not about us, but it's about him. Amen. The Lord add a blessing to the reader of his word. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. You see, he loves us in this scenario. You see, if everything is all well and good, you see, listen, the well don't need a physician. Amen. You see, when you're sick, that is when you have no choice but to take medication. When you take medication enough that it not working anymore and after that you go by the specialist, you pay them the money and the money runs out. That is the time when he show up and one say understand you use everything and it look like you're dying. I reach now. Amen. Because outside of that, the doctor get the glory, the medication get the glory. But you see, when you could see a prayer request turn to a note of praise and the doctors baffled and say, I don't know what you're doing or know, but what I know is last week test and this week test looking different. We don't have the antidote for that. We don't have the medication for that. And I don't know if I'll get it, but there's a coach where they say, "Listen, there is an antidote. There's a there's a medication that Moses used in order when he took the people out of Egypt to survive for 100 years. Listen, they in the desert, you know, and they living these this new crop that God predestined to go into the promised land. Nothing wrong with them, you know. They are going with oh gosh, my foot and I limping and something wrong and my pressure high and my pulse funny and I have a little murmur on my heart. They're going with that. You know, they say the medication he used, every doctor would love to know. But you know what? We have it tonight. The word of God is the antidote. The word of God is what they use. It's simple or know. Listen. He is the God that heal thee. It right there in the word. All the answers you're looking for right there. He said, "I am the Lord that healed thee." Where else you're going? What else you're doing? I listen. I make that. I could remake it, too. So missing limbs could be restored because he in the creation business. That's his business. That's his job. That's his role. Listen, scientists right now still trying to explain how parts of the body work. I remember some years ago they say they don't know the the the role or the use of the appendix they couldn't find it after a while they trying and they think the think this and the thing that and think the other but it have no mistakes with God you know when God put the lungs the lungs is in its correct place every finger has its place the mind and the brain listen the brain sheltered by a skeletal listen the framework not right here he is such a perfectionist he make you in image and likeness because he knows when he make the image he destroy the mold. It's something that works. It's something that's perfect. It's something that have no question about it. He make it like that. G. So he like to find you when there's flaws. Hallelujah. When when you feel things bad, that's where he like to find you. We have evidence of that in script in scripture, you know. Amen. He came down one time and he said, "Adam, Adam, where are thou? Where you at? Where do you think he was doing? He came to find him." Because Adam was a little out of place. So that is when he shows up strong. He want to know where you at. He want to know what wrong with you. But he want you to come and tell him. He want you to come and surrender. He want you to come and confide in him and give up everything to give him control so he could give you a new heart and a new spirit and renew your mind and restore you. That's what he wants. Hallelujah. In the midst of all that goodness, Satan have a role and his role is to steal, kill, and destroy. So we in this constant battle of good and evil. Amen. A continuous battle in a in a message the God of this evil age. Paragraph 170. It says remember the hour is close at hands when the mark will come. Amen. You'll either be in it or out of it. It'll come like a thief in a night. It'll catch you right in there and you're in there. There ain't no getting out of it. Then you done took it. Come out. An angel come down from heaven with a great shining face and cried out to the people. It shook the earth. Come out of Babylon, for she is fallen. Be not partakers of her plagues, my people. Get out of her. Get out. Didn't we read it in the word a while ago? The angel is a messenger. See, coming down. Notice the Holy Spirit. Come out of her that you may not be partakers. Now, she's built all kind of things. She has built great churches, built college schools, taking the people and educating them into a better so-called civilization. And they've educated them by a modern civilization that's brought them into the pit of death. Amen. By knowledge away from God and his word. Amen. Don't you see the whole scheme? Don't you see that church? You see, it's God of this earth. Amen. And she has built colleges, universities, hospitals, built libraries, built all kind of things for the temporary help of man. Just enough to deceive them to get them off the word. And what she's led them to, the whole church world is plunging to death. For God said that he would burn the and her children with an everlasting fire. Come out of it, people. Don't you be caught in there. You get away from that thing as quick as you can. By her scientific knowledge, she's has been able to do this. Now, notice without God's word. That's how Satan works. He will give you temporary pleasures, temporary things to satisfy you now without showing you the endgame. So, is a focus on now and not the future. A focus on just temporary and not permanence. Amen. Now, although that sound bad, I want you to buckle in tonight because it gets worse. In a message, I know my redeemer live. Paragraph 88. Said, "Night presses on." And let's put that now to nationally. This is the darkest hour today. This age is the darkest hour. The darkest hour the world has ever seen. Even nature trembles. At one moment, this whole earth could go to powder. What would happen if there's a reaction of hydrogen or oxygen or some of these great bombs, the atomic reaction? Every tree, every grass, everything, every limb, every purpose, every person, everything will just break to pieces and turn back to acid. See what it is? The whole world is trembling. There's bombs ready. Everything seems to be set right at time. And if darkness has its time set, how much more does light have it set? Amen. What's making it so dark now? What making these things? The church is all dysfellowship. We fussing. Oh, is there I'm a Methodist. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Pentecostal. I'm Church of God. I'm Assemblies. Oh, can't you see children? If that's all we had to stand on, we'd be a miserable people in this world. You see that? That's what the prophet said. Amen. Yes, sir. I got good news. He also spoke a message and he said, "You know what? In the darkest hour, that's when Jesus likes to show up." So, I'm not trying to frighten you tonight. We acknowledging the fact that the hour is late. It might be dark, but you know what? That is the time when Jesus likes to show up. Now, for an inspiration tonight, after the darkest hour. Yes. Right. That's my inspiration. After the darkest hour. Amen. So, we establish a couple things. It's dark. The hour is evil. Yes. We talk about the God of the evil age. They're seeking to destroy, seeking to distract. But there's a message the prophet preached when he said, "It is I be not afraid." So, I told you this message is not a message of fear. You know, yes, is a message of reality to point you to the hour in which we live right now. Amen. In that message, paragraph 27, it says, "But when all hope is gone, they happen to notice they seen someone coming walking in the water." Talking about the disciples. Amen. That's the way he does it. Right at the last moment, the darkest hour, Jesus comes along and he come walking on the water. Now the tragedy of this scene and this is where I'm speaking is that people without hope was sent hope. If you could remember the the the scripture this is when the ways were contrary. This is where things were going wrong. He came walking on the water right and they were sent hope and was afraid of it when it got there. Just about like today the only hope they had was the mercy of Christ. Their boat was sinking. Their os were gone. They were at the mercy of the devil on the sea and a storm twisting them and the only hope they could have was coming to them and they were afraid of it. They afraid that it was a ghost some sort as we'd say in street language a spook some spooky character come walking on the water and they cried out with fear. But there came a voice from there that allsufficient voice that takes to still it. Fear not. It is I. Be of good courage. That's the same one that comes to us tonight. That voice when we're at the end of our wits, when we're at the end of our journey from church to church, bringing our letter from church to Methodist to Baptist to Presbyterian to Pentecostal and so on. Listen, all them churches are fine. You know, but that's still not the answer. When you went from doctor's office to doctor's office to clinic, that's all right, but that still isn't your answer. They've turned you down. The answer is in the building tonight. The Holy Spirit of God. Don't be afraid of it. It doesn't make fanatics. It takes fanatics and make saints out of them. Don't be afraid of it. It's the only hope that you have. My what a mighty God we serve. You see, a lot of times we afraid of the dark, but tonight there's a man that could turn on the light. There's somebody that could make everything all right. Amen. Now listen, Abraham in a message, El Shai, paragraph 38, it said he was s he was setting out in this hot sun. The herdsman came up and said, "Oh my, they're carrying on. So they're complaining. They're having issues. The water's all gone and everything look like it's wrong. Sounds like your life tonight." Watch out when that happens to a Christian when that happens is a blessing laying just beyond there and Satan's trying his best to keep it away from you. I've seen that in my life when I go to pray and we know the story. I'll get out in the woods, the green brows. You don't have them here, do you? But we have plenty of them back in the east and they scratch you. You get over here and the sun shines down through the trees on you. You get over here on the hillside and you're praying like this and over here there's too many rocks and mosquitoes are biting and oh everything. Now when you get to that kind of a place just throw up your arms and say hallelujah God you're calling me and I'm answering to you. Something's going to happen. Something's going to happen tonight. Something's going to happen in your home and you here. You're right here and something taking place. Like that centurion could say, "What time?" While I was in service, you mean my child was getting delivered. While I was in service, my neighbor straightening out. I can't explain it anymore. Here's what he said. He said something's going to happen. That's right. Cuz there's a blessing laying there and Satan's trying to fight you. He's a old mean split foot. Anyhow, you know, he's trying his best to keep you away from that blessing. Just stay there till you pray through. I don't know care. Let the mosquitoes bite. Whatever takes place, just stay with it. Cuz Satan will rob you from that if he possibly can. Remember I said he has his role. He want to steal. He want to kill you. He want to destroy. He want to stifle your dreams tonight. But you have to pray through. You have to hold on. You have to believe. You have to have faith. It need to be sunk listen on a on a solid rock. You need to have your your anchor holding that no matter what the waste could come. Listen, do a thousand on my right side or 10,000 on the other side. Listen, you are not moved because you know, listen, you know the promise upon which you're standing [Music] tonight. There are examples all around us. There are examples in the scripture. There are examples in the message. I want to give you an example in nature. Listen, brother Brandon preacher message, God's provided way of dealing with sin. Paragraph 18, here's what he said. He said, "And if you notice the very teaching of nature, watch nature." If you want to see God, God in his great nature, you watch just before the sun come up of the morning. Isaiah, I believe a prophet one time, he said, "Watch man, what of the night? The morning cometh and the night also." If you notice, he was scripturally in order. Watch. The first thing come before the night come. Always the day before the daylight is the darkest. Just before the break of day, the darkest hour. If you're up early enough and you look outside, you'll say, "What going on? Did the night extended?" It darker than ever. He say it's always darkest just before the break of day. It's because the light is pressing and condensing the darkness. And that is at the time that the morning star comes out. It's only the early risers that ever sees the morning star. And I think in this great hour of darkness, just before the break of day, the morning star has shined again, spreading forth itself, the early risers who are rising, not setting back. I'll get saved next year. Listen, he have no room for proc procrastination tonight. You know, we're not going to get healed tomorrow. You know, listen. You're not going to get delivered tomorrow or next week or next year or when convention come in a few weeks. Tonight we claiming it. Tonight we want to see it. We want to break through. Tonight we want to make a change. Tonight we want to sacrifice tonight. We want to set our hearts right. Tonight we want Listen, we want to make the change tonight, not tomorrow. Amen. He said them who rises and comes out sees a morning star. You may be seated. Rising out of your stoop and sleep in the modern world theology and moving into the powers of the Holy Ghost. The unchanging riches of God spread forth in our heart, showing signs and wonders. Why? Sure, we rise and give him glory. There it is again. We rise and give him glory. Give him worship. Give him adoration. The great morning star. I think about that. And then when he comes, then we shall see him as he is. Have a body like his. Be free from sickness and all guilt and be with him forever. Amen. Is that your prayer tonight? So, so don't get worried when you see the darkness. The darkest hour is before the light comes. Before morning comes, expect it to be dark. So, right now, you might be going through a rough time. It might be a dark moment in your life and you don't know how you're going to make it. Guess what? Just hold on a little bit. Hold on a little more. Just pray a little harder. Just pray a little longer. Just pray through there. There's light on the other side. [Applause] I just going to skip through because I know time is running out. I know we read that that scripture and we spoke about Lazarus. So I I just want you to understand the context. Sometimes we think it's real dark. Remember in the darkest hour that's when Jesus comes by. It's the darkest. So not when things things not looking too too right, you know. No, he he want it bad. He he don't want you all right. And I feel I could make out, you know, things kind of tough, but I going to make it through. He not coming. He not showing up. He want God. I don't know the next step. I don't know how I'm making it tonight. I need an act of faith. I need a miracle tonight cuz I really don't know which way to turn. My back against the wall and listen my phone ringing and I I don't even know what to do next. That is when he shows up strong. That is when he can manifest himself and you see his attributes. That's why I said listen they express best through adversity when you can't figure it out when you can't make it through that is when he could come and say listen you forget I am the healer no so all them thing you doing you trying to stay fit and well don't get me wrong listen get your exercise eat well I'm not saying no but I'm saying accept the fact that he is the answer Facebook is not the answer Instagram Tik Tok whoever Whatever else you're seeing is not the answer. Jesus is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. You know, they create, listen, they create anything that he can fix. He is still in charge. He is still the boss. [Music] I just want to read this, you know, just to put it in context. Mary and Martha, the the sisters of Lazarus. Picture them as a Christian family where Ram said, they they left the synagogue to believe on Jesus. So they were nice, easygoing Christian folks, you know, but they left to follow Jesus. So they decide to follow Jesus. The result of that was that they were excommunicated from the church. So you're no longer accepted in the church because you decide to follow a heretic. You decide to follow a rogue fella. He he fighting against the church. So we don't want to hear you. But as it stands, he is the same one who they called upon for their brother to be healed when he was sick. And I'm just skipping through and he said he refused to come and we read it in the scripture. So we know he he delayed his his coming. Yeah. And they say they sent a second time and he refused to come the second time. So message after message they send him an email, send him a text. They put a TV ad Jesus wanted put it on be looking for Jesus. Somebody find him get him quickly. But you know what they say? Oh how dark the hour was then. Yes. Finally the midnight hour came struck and he died. Yes. They put him in the grave. He was there four days. Not one day, not two, three, but four. They say corruption had already set in his body. Skin worms were in him. Bugs from the ground were crawling into his flesh. The darkest hour they had ever seen. And guess what? It was at that time that Jesus came by. Just at that dark hour. I say that because this is one of the greatest most most expressive illustrations of death in the Bible. So if you think your scenario bad, measure it up. Go in John 11. Write that scripture down. John 11. So when you wake up in the morning, say, "Oh God, my foot hurting me." Read John 11. Dead for 4 days. Hallelujah. When you feel that things low, read John 11. 4 days. If you're not dead for 4 days yet, hold on a little bit. Hallelujah. Because we know, he he proved that he could bring you back after 4 days. He proved that he could resurrect you after 4 days. So if you reach 4 days yet, don't worry about it. It's it's going to be all right. You see, that's just the way that Jesus is. That's just the way that he operates in a message bird pins. Hallelujah. Glory. I don't mean to keep you too long. Hallelujah. In paragraph 66, he talk about the lily. And I don't know how many of you familiar with the the the the flower lily. He say, consider how it grows, toils. It has to bring itself up. This little pond lily, look where it come through. Dirt, muck, mud, muddy waters, dirty waters. Amen. It pressed its way through all of that. Listen. So the lies, the halftruths, the innuendos, the rumors, the somebody don't like you and they don't like your tie and the way you cut your hair and the color you're dressed today. Press past all that. Del push past all that. You shake your hand and the usher put you in the wrong seat. Press past all that. push past all that. This little gem of life working itself from the bottom of the pond where the frogs and the little things are at then bring itself up through all that. But when it gets at the top, when it gets in the presence of the sun, you see when the sunlight could touch it cuz all the time it reaching out from underneath, but when the sunlight could touch it, you know what happens? It goes through a process of birth. They say it's born. The little seed bursts open into life. It cannot do that until it goes through all of the processes. You know, it reminds me of the caterpillar turning into a butterfly. I could only imagine the caterpillar winding up in this cocoon. It sure must feel dark. It might be restrictive. It might feel like you're wrapped up and you're tied up and I don't even know how to get out of here. But you know what? That's the process. We can't fight the process. You know if you cut it out and you help it, you kill it. It come out deformed, it could never fly. If you decide, oh gosh, I feel sorry for it. I I feel it going through so much, it will never work because that is God provided way for you to go through certain birth pains for you to go through certain trials. So listen, your trials different to mine. He know how to test you. He know how to to push you through. I say some through the water. Some through the fire, some through the flood, all through the blood because he knows what you need to perfect you to make you the kind of son and daughter that he wants you to be. [Applause] He say it's a beautiful life when it gets in the presence of that which is drawing it up, which is the son. And I think it's a beautiful type of the Christian life. He said, "When something is drawing you out of the world until one day you're born right into its presence by the Holy Spirit." How beautiful. If you try to help it, you kill it. Like a little chicken when it's being born. You try to help it, you kill it. If you ever notice one of those little fellas right on top of his little beak or any bird that's born from an egg, it's got it's maturing. This old eggshell, the old inner parts of the egg has to rot away. It has to fall off. You can't break it. You can't you listen, you can't extract the party from a young person. You know, you can't extract the Tik Tok and Instagram and Facebook and whatever else you know. You can't do that yourself. You know, they have to go through a process too. You know, God has to pull them through the process. And in this case, they say the the chicken or the bird, whatever coming through, have to pip its way out. He said we call it pipping its way out down in Kentucky where I come from. pipping his way out. They have never found a better way. See why? It's God's provided way. You try to help him, you'll kill him. Pick the shell off, he'll die. See, he's got to labor, strain, break forth. That's the way a Christian has to do it. It ain't somebody just shaking your hand, taking you in, got to lay there until you die, rot, and are born into the kingdom of God. It's his provided way. It's God's provided way. You don't go in by a book or a shake hand and join pump up pull down and they come and bring you a sandwich and a and a coffee and tell you come back. Good service, good seeing you. It's not by that. That sounds good socialization, good behavior, but it's not by that. He has a provided way. You simply have to get away from the old shell. Notice no better way has ever been found. Hallelujah. Amen. You see, it's all about his glory. It's all about his honor. It's all about him. You know, when you read the scripture, this is not about Lazarus being raised. You know, this is not an exercise in raising from the dead. This is not a a tutorial in how to raise from the dead. This is a tutorial or a lesson in how God gets maximum glory. [Applause] In a message he breached between the seven church ages and the seven seals Jesus went to Gethsemane to fulfill a purpose. Yes. For a specific role. Yes. And in paragraph 174 it says, "And there came a voice from one of the elders talking about the interaction with John. standing in the midst of the four beasts and all that great host of heaven said don't weep John oh my grace of God don't be brokenhearted John don't weep for the lion of the tribe of Judah the root and offspring from David he has prevailed prevail means wrestle with and overcome and overcome not to fight prevail is not to fight I could fight you you could fight me but if I prevail it means I win the fight there's no question about it. It's not a draw opinion and I think he kind of look better the way he executed the move. Not that you get the victory. You they declared victorious because they count down the opposition. There's no chance of getting back up. They comprehensively defeated. So in this case, they say at the garden of Gethsemane when blood dropped down out of his face, he was overcoming. See the lion and the root of David has prevailed has overcome. Like Jacob the insupplant. Remember he was a shyer. He was a he was a deceiver. He was a criminal. A deceiver. You know he will do what it takes because he knew what he wanted. He wanted the birthright at all cost. He was willing to do what it took to get our birthright. Whe whether he had to lie, rob, steal, it didn't matter. He was doing what he believe it took. But guess what? When he got in contact with the angel, he held on. And the angel tried to pull away, he said, "I'm not going to let you go." Hallelujah. If you were to leave a a blessing for me, you know, I we could negotiate this thing out and we could see how it goes because I am a businessman and the way my bank account set up, I am interested in, you know, getting some protection from my brother. That is not the way he operated. He operated with a level of desperation, persistent, perseverance. He didn't care who saw him. He didn't care how it look. Like the woman with the lost coin, she he didn't care who talk about him. She didn't care who talk about her. They were fixed on the goal at hand. He knew he needed a change. He couldn't go back to his brother as a deceiver. She couldn't show up to her husband missing a coin. So they took listen critical action listen decisive action, determination. They engaged in war. She cleaned like never before. He fought, he held, he struggled. He fight until he could prevail. And at that point, it says hip was out of joint. He had a different walk and a different talk, a different name because he overcome and got the victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He became a prince. He became Israel. Amen. Wonderful. So the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. They say, "Don't weep, John. For the line of the tribe of Judah, the root of David has prevailed. He has already overcome. He has done it. It's over, John. Oh my." He produced the bleach that sends sin along back to the greasy hands and with his wisdom that defiled it. The human being. Yes. But when John turned to look, he saw a lamb. What's a difference from a lion? The lion had prevailed. I can use that there. God hiding in simplicity. Yes, sir. He said there's a lion. That's the king of the beast. The lion has prevailed. The strongest thing that there is. Amen. Looking for a place to wind down now. My my my. You love him tonight. Hallelujah. Just to skip through, Moses took God's provided way when they were down there in Egypt. how they're going to get out. God kept hardening Pharaoh's heart, but he said, "Now I'm going to make a way of escape." You see, if Moses walked down and said, "Let my people go." Because he wants the opposition. He wants adversity because that's when you could win. If you don't have a battle, you can't be victorious. [Applause] He say plague after plague after plague. But the last plague fell was death. Just before deliverance, notice how it's striking it is today. Jesus said there'll be perilous times will come. Men's heart would fail. How he said there'll be distrust between nations. Sea arrowing tidal waves that's never been heard of before, bursting forth in the seas. How that in all these things signs would be coming to pass. Just like it was in the day of Noah, it would be again. How marvelous. But remember, the last plague that fell was death. And the last thing, God gave us a warning, warning, warning after warning. The last thing that's come is death. Spiritual death. The churches would be dying spiritually. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. But I'm here to say tonight that you can move from darkness to freedom. Yeah. You know the prophet said, I was reading sometime and you know the story about the emancipation proclamation when the slaves colored brethren and sisters in the south when they used to have slavery. And when that emancipation proclamation was signed, they'd been whipped and beat and so forth and been slaves. And we know what happened. A certain morning, you see that morning when they were going free, it was dark. It was gloomy. It was dismal. I wasn't there. So I don't know if it rained. But the young men, the young people went up in the darkness up the mountain. The older ones stayed behind. The women and the weaklings come on down. One's not quite so strong, they climb down a little further and further. And the great big huskys that were able to go all the way to the top. They stood there before day, before the break of day. And they looked and they looked and they looked and they looked. They press and they push in faith and hope knowing that tomorrow at sunrise they'll be free. After a while they began to see the streaks of the sun rising. It was still dark in the valley. They related down. One hollowed from the top. We are free. The next one hollowed down. We are free. All the way down to the valley. We are free. The sun's up. I could just imagine. and they couldn't see it, but they knew it was true. They couldn't behold it with their eyes, but they knew the promise was true. That freedom had come in the midst of darkness, no matter how dark it looked around them, they knew they were free. No matter how dismal and gloomy it seemed, they knew freedom was at hand. The son of God had raised with healing in his wings, and the sun is up. I'm so glad for it. Musicians can get ready [Music] in a message shalom. And so it is today. That gross darkness is coming upon the people. And here we are. God has loted his word to be manifested this day. And it's only is the only light we have. And God is going to let somebody manifest that word. Somebody is going to do it. Amen. He promised it and he works just exactly like he always did by it. He has never changed his pattern of work. His prophecies what will happen. Then he sends somebody down and vindicates that. It goes over heads of millions because darkness covers the earth at that time. And people love darkness better than they they they do light cuz darkness has a lot of pleasure. I seen a Hollywood play not long ago said life begins after the sun goes down. That's when death begins. All these nightclubs and where they think they're living, they're dying. God at the beginning separated the light from the darkness. He's always done that. What does he do? He presses that by the coming light. He presses the darkness to the other side. And that's exactly what's coming to pass now. It's just before day. The morning star has come out to hail the day. The Holy Spirit showing its light. It's coming a time when the light and darkness will have to be separated one from the other. church and its order will take the order of the day and Christ and his life word promise will go in the rapture. That's the only thing that left for him to do. It's a day. Today is the dawn of a new day for many who are looking for his coming. The musicians can play. He He carth for you. Hallelujah. As we close in a in a message, modern events are made clear by prophecy. Paragraph 296. Brother, sister, it's a scary time. Watch the things that's prophesied. Watch the things happen. Watch all the prophecy being fulfilled. Then we see what all this is about. Is not a bunch of of streak of fanaticism. It's God confirming his word. Exactly. Exactly. The rock is smitten, friends. Flee to it as quickly as you can. Prophecy is vindicating the day that we are living in. May we stand tonight. [Music] You love the Lord. You love his word. [Music] Oh, bless his name. Oh, he carth for you. He car for you. Oh, through sunshine or shadow, he carth for you. Let's just lift our hands all over this place. Wherever you are, singing, he carth for you. Oh said that he carth for you. Oh my lord. Singing through sunshine or shadow. He car for you. Just one more time. Oh, he carth, he carth for you. Sing it. He cares for you. Sing it through shadow. [Music] He carth he carth for you. For the last time he carth for you. Oh he carth for you. [Music] Sing it for you. Singing through. Sunshine or shadows. He car for you. Let's just give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. You love him tonight. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. May we just bow our heads as we get ready to pick up tonight's ti offering. Oh heavenly father, tonight we pause once more Lord picking up your tithes and offering Lord. Lord we pray that you bless those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give Lord. Lord may it be used for the furtherance of your gospel. Guide its use in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let's sing that song. I know my Jesus is coming in the morning. Amen. [Music] Oh, I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know he's coming back for me. Oh, I know. My Jesus is coming in the morning. I know he's coming back for me. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know he's coming back for me. Oh, I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Oh, I know. I know. I know he is coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know he's coming back for me. Oh, I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know he's coming back. But one more time. I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know he's coming back for me. Blessed be his holy name. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Amen. Let's just bow our heads at this time as we close in a word of prayer. [Music] Oh heavenly father, Lord we demit such a privilege to have gathered here tonight Lord. Lord we don't want to take it for granted Lord. Every minute with you is so precious Lord every minute of fellowship around your word is so important Lord. Lord it plays such a pivotal role in our lives Lord and the trajectory of our lives Lord. Lord we don't want to go left or right but we want to follow you Lord. We want you to lead us, Lord. You said every step of the righteous is ordered by God. I pray tonight, even as we leave this place, that you would lead us to our homes and various places. That your angels would go before us, Lord. Lord, that you'll part away, Lord. That you'll make a way for us tonight. Lord, that you'll take us home safely and you'll bring us back into your presence, Lord. Lord, in harmony, Lord, in peace, with our praise in our lips, with our worship in our hearts, Lord, that we could lift you up, Lord, and we could testify of your goodness day after day, Lord. Lord, as we leave, I pray that you would bless everyone that came out in person, Lord, those that are connected live, Lord. Lord, I pray that you continue to do such a marvelous work with them. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may have your seats. Have a few announcements. [Music] This Friday, we will have a a prayer meeting via Zoom at 8:00 p.m. And Sunday, we'll have a Sunday service at 10:00 a.m. Uh, let me just confirm. And on this Friday as well, we'll have our prayer and fast followed by our prayer meeting at at 8:00 p.m. On Sunday morning, we'll have our service at the tabernacle here at 10:00 a.m. So, we want to encourage everybody to not just pray and fast, but to come out to the prayer meeting on Zoom and on Sunday morning at 10:00 a.m. Amen. So, ushers, you could get ready. Hello. How we long to worship you? [Music] How we long to worship [Applause] you? I long to worship you. [Music] Oh, [Music] hello. I belong to worship you. Lord, how we long to worship you. Oh, Lord, I long to worship you. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music]
