################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Be Renewed In The Spirit Of Your Mind - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Be Renewed In The Spirit Of Your Mind - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxz1P7VogEg
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand. joy [Applause] again. Let it be a sweet sweet in your air. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my [Music] voice. Oh, to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Oh, take joy my king [Applause] in one [Music] you. Let it be a sweet sweet sound in your air. We'll give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Oh I lift my voice this morning. I lift my voice today. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Great is the Lord. Greatly to be praised. He is excellent in glory. Praise him with a sound and a trumpet. Oh hallelujah. Praise him with a loud voice. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Clean hands and a pure heart. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. But God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord. It's a privilege to be here even in this inclement weather. We are thankful to God this morning. Amen. So, God bless you. Let's turn to our Bibles. We'd like to read from the scripture Psalm chapter 47 for scripture reading this this morning for our worship. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Psalms 47 and verse one says, "Oh, clap your hands all ye people. Shout unto God with a voice of triumph. For the Lord has is uh most high is terrible. He is a great king over all the earth. He shall subdue the people under us and the nations under our feet. He shall choose our inheritance for us. The excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Silah. God has gone up with a shout. The Lord with the sound of a trumpet. Sing praises unto God. Sing praises. Sing praises unto our King. Sing praises. For God is the King of all the earth. Sing ye praises with understanding. God reignth over the heathen. God siteth upon the throne of his holiness. And the princes of the people are gathered together. Even the people of the God of Abraham. For the shields of the earth belong unto God. He is greatly exalted. Let's all bow our heads this morning. and let us worship him in our own way as we pray as well and pray together for the glory of God this morning to be seen and heard among us. Why don't you just enter into prayer now as we pray together. Amen. Almighty God, we are grateful this morning Lord for your presence, for your grace upon our lives. Father, Lord, we are thankful, Lord, that we could come into this place, Lord, to worship you and to praise you, to thank you, Lord, Lord, and to wait in expectation, Lord, for a promise that you made, Lord, that you would visit a people in this last age, oh God, Father, with a glorious and wonderful dynamic power, Father, to raise us up and to put in action the mechanics that you placed in our hearts, dear God. We are so thankful, Father, Lord, for these things. And Lord, for these things, we give you all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory, Lord, knowing that our lives are elected of you, Father, and ordained, Lord, Father, to bring forth fruit in its season, dear God. Father, may you take us under control this morning. Bless the service. Bless the songs that we would sing, Lord. May you minister to your people, Father. Lord, as a word come forth, Lord, and as your servant, Lord, gets ready to minister the word, Lord, we pray that the pillar of fire would take a hold and bring to pass every promise, Lord, that you have made in this hour, dear God. We commit over to you this morning, Lord, for service. Have your way today, Lord, we pray. Jesus Christ, precious name. Amen and amen. Praise God. You believe it today. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Praise God. Why don't you turn and greet your brother, greet your sister. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise [Music] God. Okay. Up the mountain. Let's sing that song. Amen. Praise God. Oh, let me go back down actually. Up the mountain, down the valley, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, sing it. Up the mountain, down the valley, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, singing. Oh, home sweet home. Jerusalem is my home. Oh, we're going home. Home sweet home. Oh, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, up the mountain, up the mountain, and down the valley. Jerusalem is my home. Oh, going up the mountain. Oh, and down the path. Jerusalem is my home. Oh, going home. Oh, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, singing home. Oh, sweet home. Oh, Jerusalem is mine. Up the mountain this morning. Up the down the valley. Oh Jerusalem. Oh hallelujah. Up the mountain. Oh down the valley. Oh Jerusalem is my home. Oh we're going home. Oh home sweet home. Oh Jerusalem is my home. Oh, singing. Oh, oh, sweet home. Oh, Jerusalem is mine. Oh, give the Lord some praise. Hallelujah. Oh, up the mountain. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Wherever you are this morning. Oh, whether you're in the mountain or you're in the valley. Oh, hallelujah. On your way home this morning. Oh, hallelujah. on your way to heaven. Wherever you are this morning, give him praise. Oh, give him glory. Lift your hands. Give him a shout. Oh, you might be in the valley. Oh, but he still deserves the glory. You might be on the mountain. Still give him glory. He is the God of the mountain. He is the God of the valleys, too. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we're going home. Say, "Oh, oh, sweet home. Oh, Jerusalem is my home." Oh, up the mountain, up the mountain, down the valley, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, up the mountain, up the mountain, down the valley, Jerusalem is my home. Oh, sing it home. Oh, sweet home. Oh, Jerusalem is my home. One more time. Oh, sing home. Home sweet home. Jerusalem is my [Applause] home. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Give him praise this morning. Oh, thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you, oh Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh, singing Jesus. Oh Lord, we're depending on you. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh, to see us through. Oh, singing Jes. Oh, we're depending. Oh, singing Jesus. Oh, this morning we're depending on you. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh, to see us through. When they came to the water, they didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. But Lord, you moved the water and they walked right on through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jes. Oh, with all your heart say we're depending. Oh, this morning Jes. Oh, hallelujah. We're depending on you. Oh, Sing Jesus. We're depending. We're depending how we're depending on you. Oh, to see your room. When your faith tried by fire, we still don't know true. Oh, we know the devil's a liar and there's not much he can do. And though he tries hard to stop us, we know that he'll see us through. Oh, for Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh, Jes. Hallelujah. We're depending. Oh, we're depending. Oh Lord, we're depending on you. Oh, this morning. Hallelujah. We're depending, oh, depending, oh Lord, to see. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Lift your hands. Say, Jesus, I'm depending on you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you have the answer, Lord. Oh, you are the way maker, Lord. I'm depending on you, for my situation, for my family. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory. He is able this morning. Oh, honey. One more time. When your faith tried by fire. Oh, we still know that it's true. Oh, you know the devil's a liar. Oh, and there's not much he can do. And though he tries hard to stop us, we know that he'll see us through. Oh, for Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh, Jesus. One more time. Jesus. Oh, we're depending. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh, where the pain? Oh Lord Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh, we're depending on you to see us through. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. Blessed be the holy name of the Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Where would I [Music] be? God only knows this morning. I'm glad you see. Lift your hand and sing. Through eyes of love. Oh, a hopeless case, an empty space if not for grace. Oh, can you say where would I be? Oh, God only knows. Yes, Lord. I'm glad you sing. Oh, through life. Oh, this gate. Oh, this gate. Oh, and empty. Oh, God. We're not for grace. Oh, somebody lift your hands and just praise him right now. If you know this morning that you would have been lost without him, what would I look like if Jesus hadn't come in to my life? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I can't fathom it. Oh, I can't thank him enough. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, it wasn't for Jesus who brought me through. Oh, I'm living this moment because of you. I want to thank you. I want to praise you. I want to worship you for all that you've done. You brought me through every trial. You brought me through every mountain. Oh, hallelujah. I might be scarred. Oh, but I'm not dead yet. I can't give up yet. Oh, I come too far to turn back now. Or if he was faithful then, he's faithful now. If he was strong then, he's stronger now to take me through. Somebody praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hopeless case, a hopeless case, an empty space. [Music] If not for grace if not amazing grace. Oh amazing grace. Ooh how sweet the sound. Oh Lord I was once was lost. Oh, hopeless cakes and empty space if not for grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he picked me up. Oh, he helped me. He set me on the right road. I felt his hand in the trial. And I don't give up. I won't give up now. Oh, his hand was with me in the darkness, in the tempest, in the storm. He deserves all the glory. He deserves all the praise. He's a friend to the friendless. He's a father to the fatherless. He's here this morning. He's my help in time of need. He's my strong tower. He is my rock. He is my fortress. He is my reason. He is my heartbeat. He is my song. Somebody praise him like you mean it. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh Jesus, at the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh you are saved. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, sing it Jes. Oh, lift your hand and sing Jes. Hallelujah. At the mansion of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Oh Jes. Oh Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, one more time. Jes. Oh Jesus. Oh, at the mention of your name, every knee bong proclaimed. Oh Jes. Oh Jesus. Oh, and you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, one more time singing [Music] Jes. Oh, Jesus. Oh, at the mansion will tend Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, it sounds so good. Sing it Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaimed. Oh Jes. Oh Jesus. Oh, and you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Now give him praise with all your heart. Hallelujah. Singing Jesus. Hey, singing Jesus. Oh, we need Jesus this morning. Jesus today. Jesus throughout our way singing Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Oh and Savior. You are Lord and you are God. One more time with all your heart. Singing Jes. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] man, every knee will b my tongue. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh you are saving. You alone and you are God. You are savior. Oh you are saving. You alone and you are God. Oh, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Let's worship the Lord this morning. Father, we praise you and we worship you. We thank you for your presence, Lord. We thank you for your own God, your covering, your blood covering. You are Lord, Lord, reign over us, rule over us. Oh, we thank you for your presence, Lord. And we thank you for the worship in our midst, Father. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Have your way this morning in Jesus name. We ask it. Amen. Amen. Amen. You are Savior. You are Lord. And you are God. God bless you and welcome. It's good to be here this morning. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to go to the scriptures. Ephesians 4. We want to read from verse 17 to 32 from the book of Ephesians chapter 4. This I say therefore and testify in the Lord that he henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk in the vanity of their mind having the understanding darkened being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. who being past feeling have given themselves over to lazifiousness to work all uncleanness with greediness, but you have not so learned Christ. If so be that you have heard him and have been taught by him as the truth is in Jesus that you put off concerning the former conversation the old man which is corrupt according to deceitful lust and be renewed in the spirit of your mind that you may put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Wherefore put no way lying. Speak every man truth with his neighbor. For we are members one of another. Be angry and sin not. Let not the son go down upon your wrath. Neither give place to the devil. Let him that stole steal no more. But rather let him labor working with his hands the thing which is good that he may have to give to him that need it. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed unto the day of redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor, evil speaking, be put away from you with malice. And be kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake had forgiven you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word this morning and I pray will come into it and speak to our hearts. We need to hear from you. We need this word to come alive and be made real to your people. So may that revealing anointing come upon your people this morning and give them divine revelation in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And if you may be seated. Praise God. A wet morning, a rainy day. We under yellow alert, bad weather, but we all of you coming out here this morning. It's great. Thanks so much for coming out. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Okay. So, I have a title. Be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Amen. That's the title. Be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Having that means having a fresh mental and spiritual attitude. I think that uh they say sometimes as different things is like some kind of cross in your brains and at times I guess people sometimes get cross in their mind sometime they going through routines and and rhythms and like the scribe and Pharisees they would be going through the same routine over and over so it become a ritual no sincerity to God they're just performing rituals they're just doing things after a while people come to church like that it's like a ritual. It has no real depth or meaning. You don't want to appear backsliden, so you come to church. But the reality is, is it a reality to you? Is it does it mean anything to you? What does it mean to you? Now, note that um that the people that he is preaching to here, Paul, is believers. Amen. And he is telling them now you have to put on the new man and put off the old man. And I remember hearing a story about young brother who was hearing about not in this church about put putting out the old man putting out the old man and he they want to come back to church no more. He said but what the old man do them? They only want to put out the old man. They preaching against the old man and the old man. And he said he find this church don't not supporting old men at all. And something that somebody think about how the mind of a child will be thinking what's wrong with the old man just keep they keep put off the old man throw off the old man get rid of the old man. So it's not that old mom you're talking about it's the real old mom you're talking about which is you and your senses. All right. So tonight I I feel great about what I've been here this morning and I want to share something with you brother. Lookie friends, let me give this illustration. I might done it before. What color is that shirt? It's white. Anyone knows sight that shirt is white. You have five senses of the body. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. Now, none of those senses will declare God. Amen. I want you to listen closely to today. None of those senses will declare God. When God made man, he made him in his image instead of man's. And he put him in five senses to contact his earthly home, not to contact God with. So those senses don't declare God. They declare the earthly home where man had to contact his earthly home. He had to see, taste, feel, feel, smell, and hear. But faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. You do not see it, taste it, feel it, smell it, hear it, but you believe it. This we getting on to the message now. Now, if every person in here, if this boy sitting here, if this lady sitting here, the young lady sitting here, I'm talking to cripples of course here and there, and the people that got diseases. If you believe, if you pray right now until you are so sure that you were healed, just as sure as say that that that's white, the shirt is white. In other words, he's showing you faith as something tangible. Faith is not an imaginary thing. Faith is actually a substance. It is that real. Faith is not hope. Faith is that real. It's a substance of what you're hoping for. Isn't that right? I assure you if you get that type of faith, God Almighty will speak through me and tell you you are healed and will reveal it. Remember God Oka heal you now you're already healed. Is your faith appropriating that healing or your faith claiming that healing or that breakthrough or that deliverance? He already done it. He can't do it again for you. He already done it. When a man was put in human flesh, then God give him five senses to contact. Not God, but his only home. These things the senses of the body is only to declare or contact earthly things here on earth not heavenly things. Then your inward man is the spirit has two senses faith and unbelief. Now faith is the six sense. Five senses control this man. God put man in five senses that earthly home. And there's two senses of the soul. Faith and unbelief. And if you are possessed with faith, here we go. Faith is just as real a reality to you as sight is. So now you begin to see by what he is speaking here, people not really walking by faith. And the faith they think they have, they don't have because faith is a substance. In other words, faith is a reality. I remember uh docking exams at the government service and and whatnot and always ignoring the exam and one day I just knew I was going to pass the exams. I just go on the exam and I'll pass the exams and it get true. But there was something inside of me that that that is faith then faith is just believe things that almost look impossible and you don't even know why you believe it is revealed to you. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Faith is a living thing. It's a reality. Praise God. But I stand here by faith today. And I know this will become real to you because there some of you still in your senses. Hallelujah. All right, let's go. Faith is an individual sense besides any dear. It is the sixth sense. So he's identifying faith as a sense. I call it have the sense of sight, the sense to smell, the sense to taste, it have a sense of faith, and when Bar said the faith is milky white out there. He's feeling the faith. Then he said anything could happen because he's contacting the faith amongst the people there. He says white inside of here. Hallelujah. Anything could happen. Praise God. We want the church to come back to that a a position where anything could happen. Not just you come for information or you come for knowledge or you come for mysteries or you come for a long sermon or you come for something to hear something you never heard before. No, you come to get your faith alive. When you leave here, you must be a walking, moving monument of faith. When you open your house, you open out your faith. Glory to God. Hallelujah. When the devil knock on your door, you don't go and run in the bedroom. You open the door and you push your head outside of there and that devil got to go. Oh, give the Lord a shout because thy sea shall possess the gate of the enemy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. We are too fearful. And fear is connected with unbelief. All right. Let me just go ahead. All right. Go ahead. All right. Notice. Oh, look. I just say that there and the next thing is that there unbelief or completely fear. See, see what inspiration is real there. I am looking at the nose then soon. Next thing is unbelief for companies. I have titles over the where I'm going. Man is soul, body, spirit. Now in his body he has five sensly home. Two senses of his spirit. One of them is unbelief which is of the devil and the other is faith which is of God. Now unbelief can't do nothing for you but damn you. That's all it can do. Destroy you. Faith is the only thing that can help you. Say amen to that. Is the word I'm preaching. Say amen to that. Faith is the only thing to help you. Let's go. Unbelief. There's no value in unbelief at all. And unbelief accomp. Unbelief accompanies fear. Or fear accomplish. When you go to reason and wondering, then you begin to fear. So you have an interview coming up for a job and you're wondering somebody laughing there like somebody going for an interview boy and you're wondering now if you have faith or something revealed through a revelation you have no fear if that job is for you it's for you if it's not for you it's not for you suppose it's not for you you can have all your faith and I believe I believe it's not for you God don't want you there and if God want you there again listen God going to make sure it work out that you get through. As brother but Andrew shared, you're going to find favor and God going to put the key person to unlock the door to say, "Yeah, I won that one." Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. Hallelujah. When everything against you, God could drop a favor upon you. [Music] [Applause] ask is over much time be coming to the immigration have luggage and sell luggage and stuff and what and they sending everybody to the machine to see what they have and what through the machine and when they see us just let's go through thank you favor and faith I said some time ago if I was in a dead cell and was to die in the Morning by the governor estate was putting me to death in the morning. Fear wouldn't do me any good at all. I go dead. The doctor go dead. Yeah. Go dead because you believe you'll die. Doctor Doctor final say Jehovah have the final say. [Music] Your uncle, your grandfather, your neighbor, people who hate you, they have the final say. Somebody hate you and they saying all kind of thing. This will happen to you. You blight your this that. They don't have the final say. God have the final say. Hallelujah. That's why you carry rely upon man. You can't rely upon your five senses. Because Abraham make senses look foolish. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Abraham defy his own senses. He consider his own body now dead. And you sit there in your flesh feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling. Forget your feeling. Away with your feeling. Who cares about your feeling? God cares about your faith. The only currency that heaven, praise God, respond to. We give the Lord a shout. I don't care if they come to repossess your house in the morning. Faith could make a way. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So he said if he was to be put to death tomorrow, he say unbelief. Give him no help at all. Yes, sir. That's right. Amen. Amen. Then he switched. He said, "Lady sitting here sick. I guess she has a pillow laying by her." Now she's a sick person. She's probably coming to hear the word and maybe to be healed. Now all the fear you have sister would do you no good at all. So he's dealing with fear because fear is also like a substance. You know when fear grippy grippy you know when get rippy all your heart beating fast your chest heaving you're nervous you you don't know how to walk you're walking nervy nervy fear taking you know but the Bible said perfect love cast that out perfect love cast that outl [Applause] I wonder how Daniel must have felt when they was leading to lion's den you At least somebody a mouse. Some people place break up a mouse. This is lion's you know. And that brother had to walk like a soldier. Oh God. Oh God. No. Oh God. I deny him. Are you serving God no more? Hallelujah. Not Daniel. He know God is living. He has faith in God. He have confidence and like all the Cub boy said if the Lord be with us. Praise God. He he he able to deliver us. But if he don't deliver us, we still not going to bow down to the world counselor churches to il papa in Rome to Satan Superman to whatever the governments have to offer. We will not bow down because we have faith in our souls. Faith of our fathers is living still. Tell the world the message is not dead. Tell the world seven thunders is not dead. Give the Lord a shout. It's still divided revival. It's still give faith. Preachers don't want to say it, but we going to say it because the God said it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. There's going to be a super church, a super race. Praise God. Hallelujah. Because God said it. You shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire because God said it. Praise God. Praise God. Your family is going to be delivered. The loved ones are coming in. The sick is going to be healed. The blind is going to see. The deaf is going to heal. The dead is going to be raised. And we going to have a seven thunder bride revival. Oh, the Lord has shout in the house. Take that devil. Praise God. We are free this morning to believe everything that God have said. And if God can't bring it to pass, he is big enough to speak what he can bring to pass. Anything God speak, it could come to pass. Will come to pass. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I wonder if we coming back to this. Oh, brother Brandham could be talking to sick people. Listen, it had services where men only have well people in the sick people was come by because them intellectual well well taught education people and whatn not they only have the intellectual crowd but the people want to be healed they know where to go the people want to be delivered they know where to go they know when brother Brandham is around there the devil have to take a leave but he have to pump some faith inside of them because he have to show them by the word that the healing is already in effect and they have to claim it. They have to walk in the light of it. Praise God. That's why faith could grow. Faith could ripen. Faith could mature. Faith don't have to stay stunted. And you have a kind of short faith. I don't know. We call the faith. Then you have a kind of faith. Faith how to stay no Your faith have to grow. And as you hear the word, your faith could grow and and it growing how? Pass your senses, pass your feeling, pass your past, pass your fears, pass your complexes. That's why you can't bother with all the complexes. We can't go through that. You have this complex, you have a A complex, a B complex, a C complex, where you have 27 complexes. What we do all of that, we have one word for all them complexes. Have faith in God. Give the Lord a shout. Praise God. Where you're crippled, whether your tongue, you can't talk, whether you have diabetes, whether you have high blood pressure, it doesn't matter what you have. God ask you what you have. He say if you believe all things are possible then you can be healed this morning. Then you can be sealed this morning. Then if you delivered this morning then God can lift that darkness over your life. Oh that blight over your life could be lifted. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] [Applause] So he's talking to a woman sick pillow. She was lying on somewhere and she said, "Listen, all the fear you have, sister, would do you no good." So maybe he's smelling the fear or seeing the fear on on her. He said, "All the fear you have wouldn't do you no good. Fear has not one value to it. So discard it." He's telling a sick woman to discard the fear. Oh God, my doctor, why would Jesus said, "Pick up and walk." The man Jesus said, "Help him." Oh, God. You sick. Come on. Let me help you. That trailer I don't know. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said pick up your bed. He didn't just say pick up your bed and walk. It's just I don't want to lie down there on the ground there to show you how you do it. Can I stop say something wrong with the preacher? But that man had to twist. He got so good. I s for 40 years that not what you hear. You know a feeling I feeling stiff. I feeling I can't move. Jesus said pick up your bed and walk. You hearing that and you're still there. Well, you dead twice plucked up. You you finished. If God say pickle bed and walk, start to move now. start to move towards the back bed ser and as you move your hand got a hey and you push yourself off the ground not only walk out to your bed too don't leave nobody to pick up your bed too walk get up your bed take up your bed and walk out with your bed don't expect nobody to come and clean up your room for you clean up your own room pick up your own bed clean up your own stuff give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. [Applause] You say, "Well, brother Bernham, if you was going to die in the morning, the governor had done sign your debt. What have faith can you do?" Faith can sign a pardon. But fear will never do it. Now, if so, if fear is no good at all, has no value in it at all, let's discard the thing all together. Let's throw out fear. Let's have faith and believe God. So it's by faith we know God, not by knowledge. So we have a bunch of people who message folks and they head high with knowledge and little faith. Their faith so low they can't even forgive their brother. Their faith so low they renewing theirs as if it's their yearly license and they missing the payment at all. You know they reunite they make sure I always talk about the story the old mothers always saying things and the grandchild say um grandma um why we don't talk to them again but it's so long I forget but from grandmother it passed on to child granting grandchild and all they know is that we don't talk to them the child have no condition no connection no arrangement it's just spirit And I I see the same thing as racism. Racism a bunch of foolishness because you're here a certain way. You stick you're sticking with your kind. What what nonsense is that? That you know who that is when you check it carefully. You see a Chinese person, a white person, a black person, Indian person, whatever person, you know who really who's that person behind there. You seen the house. So all that is connected with the house. Black house, white house, red house, wherever house. But you know the person behind that inside or behind that have devils, murderers, crooks, liars, adulterers, fornicators, haters, malice behind all them different color houses. Lord, so when you examine it, it's foolishness. Because out of one blood, God made all flesh. [Applause] Do you understand that? So because Jesus know the names in the book, he can say Peter come. Andrew come, this one come that. Yes, your family come and all them all all the people who you like is not who you like is who God forne you before the foundation the world oh give the Lord a shout in the house when I go to them other countries like India different places and whatn not I don't touch them with the clothes whatever they wear you know I see brothers think special with barefoot barefoot you know tell them how to get polish your shoes tell them We western side western wolf I go and tell them yeah how you going to look you see come s on the ground on the floor we tell them sit on the chair we get chairs for them that's how we meet them you know sisters on this side want them on the floor but I know what God said out of many nations kingdom and tongues so God is responsible for that not me not my my standard there is a trinidad across the there's different countries across the different cultures and what god go beyond that to call them and they will be part of the bride too so we have to understand is one god call a people from around the world out of every nation out of every tongue and that god can't lie a people for my name's sake god call you sometime and listen sometime it's for his sake that he bring you out you know because you you just be embarrassing sometimes So God has to work things off for for your sake. He tell Israel you think is your behavior and attitude I bringing you out. It's for my name's sake. I invest too much in this for the enemy to laugh and to make mockery my people. So I will come now and cleanse you and a new heart I will give you. A new spirit I'll give you. I'll put my spirit in your spirit. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. This message sweet. Oh God, this is a good message. Hallelujah. A new heart, a new spirit, and my spirit. And I will cause you to walk in the light of my law. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And when God put that inside of you, he will set you up as a light. And you don't take a light and hide it. You don't have a light and cover it down. You take a light and put it on top. On top. Oh, give the Lord a shout. God going to take you and put you on top. Let give the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. If you understand that, then you can't jealous anyone. You can't be envious of anyone. Because you know in God in God due time, he's going to promote you. He's going to Amen. He's going to bless you. He going to help you. You may be seated. So God give those senses and they're given to you as a gift and it depends upon how you what you yield these senses to will be the way that your life is controlled. So if you leave your senses to Facebook you whatever you yield your senses to is how your life will be controlled. So after this service you have to know how you're going to treat them senses. If you take this as another sermon and you just go come and go, well then nothing happens. You come back next week and afterwards you become a ritualist. Somebody to come to church as a ritual. It has no value. It means nothing. It has nothing upon your life. You don't want you want to be like that. Uh what guy name? Dayton and Kora. When they came out, they didn't ask to come out here. Everybody's going out, you know. So, it's embarrassing if they stay back because they had a barber shop. They had that that business and thing. They what inferior payroll and whatnot. They don't know what going to go on. They was getting kickbacks. They wasn't politic. They were Jewish, but they were in politics of thing. Where are we going? Where are we going? You tell the man the picture when the door open. So, they said, "Where are we going?" The man don't even know this is the house. Yeah. Who put blood blood on my door? Somebody put blood in the door. See? Who put blood on my door? I pay bite. He don't even know he's protected by the blood. Where are we going? He he don't know. He don't know where where they going. Are we going out? That why first time travel come they started complaining. Ah Moses brought you out in the wilderness to die. I just go back to who? To Pharaoh because he know you have a role. their post to keep them in check. So they so that's why when Israel came out was a mixed multitude the elect plus a real tough generation that God was going to kill by giving them 40 more years to die out and this die not die out of flesh die out and die dead and God was seeing their children going over because God said God have to keep his promise it's not a this generation next generation God wasn't playing games with that oh give the Lord a shout that's why Caleb didn't wait for nobody to talk. When it came to division time, he said, "Now therefore, give me my mountain." Moses spoke about me. I ain't waiting for no tribe. I wait for no group. I wait for no tabernacle. I wait over this fellowship and that fellowship. I come in this morning and saying, "Give me my mountain." I run a long time now. Fighting a long time now. Cutting demons and Philite a long time now. And it's time we have a revival. It's time we have the shout and the voice in the camp. Give the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. So Caleb wasn't waiting for a minister's meeting to call for his inheritance. He said, "Give me my mountain now." And let me tell you something. You see them giants up there? I am able along in the battle. And if the Lord be with me, I will fight and I will expel him out the land. And the Bible said, "Kill him expel them." You know what I say? Expel. be seated. When a school or principal expel a student you have put throw them out the school you know take a three days out you know expel you know everybody was lying with them not Caleb Caleb expel them throw them out cousins aunts everybody here knows that Caleb expelled them and mother master be Isaac brought about the power of that monkey what happened on Mount Hebron Abraham buried there Syria buried there Joe buried there a monkey and David was crowned on top of that there give the Lord a shout Praise God. You got to conquer before you get crowned. Give the Lord a shout. You got to be conquer before you get the crown. You want a crown? Praise God. You don't buy that in the marketplace. You don't buy that in on Amazon. Grow the Lord some praises. You have to conquer and overcome. Overcome the lust of the eyes. Come on now. Overcome the lust of the flesh. Come on now. Overcome the pride of life. Overcome the five senses of the spirit, conscience and imagination and affection and reasoning. Imagination is something else, you know. Imagine imagine sending your next world and if you come out there to hit a reality, you're up in heaven. You're up there where the air is rare. Going up there by imagination when it hit reality. So you say, "Whoa, good lord." You want to go back in that why people go on drugs because the drugs keep them in another realm. when they come back to reality. I don't want to stay here. Stop the world. I want to get off. All right. So, God give your senses as a gift. And what you see, what you hear, what you taste, smell or feel, whatever those senses are yielded to, they will dominate. You know that today. And we are grateful to God that we have the five senses. But by no means was these five senses given to you to guide you. They were given to you to completely contact and there was given you the sixth sense and the sixth sense belongs only to the Christian. You cannot have faith this six sense until you become a Christian is the only way that you can ever have any more than the five natural senses or the natural person. But the sixth sense is better known to the Christian as fate. It is the one that governs and guides you. It is superior to all the other senses. It is superior to all the other senses, the other five senses. Now, I would say that because we receive the six sense that the five senses are no more good. Yes, they are. Those five senses were given to you by God and they are to be used. Now, let's go deeper. But when the five senses are contrary to the word of God, then they are lying. Amen. Your senses lying to you, not me. Hallelujah. Your own senses lying to you. Now, the six sense cannot lie. Amen. That's a big one. The sixth sense cannot lie. It's a super sense. That is what I want to speak about this morning. Super sense. Oh my brother but this is a sacred order of the church. What order he's talking about? These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay hands on the sick they shall recover. How the message will want to cancel that. These signs we just talking talking we just we we just talk this. That what the Pharisees was, you know, they talk as long gong hats, ceremonial and everything else. And Jesus come and bust that by preaching, teaching and with sign and wonders. And Bram said his ministry exposed them. It was the ministry of Jesus Christ. And when the ministry of Jesus Christ returns, it will expose those who don't have that. All right. Now, watch here. The first thing you must do is surrender yourself entirely to Christ. Surrender your mind to his word. Listen to what words he's saying. And I want you to work with me with this. Lord, I won't act upon my own feelings, upon my own thoughts. I will act upon your word. This is what you have to speak. That you're not going to act upon your feelings. You're going to act upon your thoughts. You're going to act upon the word. I'll have no control of my thoughts concerning it. I will act upon your word. Now, get that straight. Now, you're not going to go down and say, "Well, I've lost my healing." If you do, brother, it will be worse than ever if you ever make this committal. You have to stand right now. Remember, just like coming to church, you are supposed to make a committal. Say, "Lord, God of heaven, I'll stand by your word. So, help me till the last drop of blood left my body or bread." You believe when your baby passed through the line, it's going to be healed. Sister, you do that. Frankly, it's already healed. But I want you to pass through the line anyhow. It's healed a while ago. I want you to come through so you will follow the regular. So you already know the baby heal. Baby was sick. You say already healed already. But I still want you to pass through the line. Now all of you that wants to make this committal, put your hand on your heart like this. And those who are standing here, those who cannot lay your hands on there, raise up your hand and say now you now commit yourself to God. And from this time hence, you believe that you are healed by the power of almighty God. You will do that. So all of this but Ram was teaching the people. He was just saying, "Come, let me pray for you. Let me pray for you. Let me pray for you." No, he was teaching them. Because you see, not only must you get your healing, but you have to keep your healing, too. You see, just as faith get the devil and sickness away from you, unbelief will bring it back right back. I I'll say it again. Just as faith got your heal push it away from you, your unbelief will bring it right back to you. Amen. Amen. Now, the only thing a minister can do is to preach the gospel, tell you the truth. You believe it, accept it, act upon your confession, go out and say you're well. Believe you're well. Act like you are. You say, "But man, should I do that before?" You never feel nothing. In other words, he saying before I start to feel, you speak, you confess, you accept, you acknowledge, I am healed. Praise God. He said Jesus never said, "You're not saved by feeling. The devil can beat you around every stop in the country saying it's by your feelings. I'm not saved because I feel like I'm saved. I'm saved because God would say I'm saved. Are you ready for some more? Listen, the word of God will defeat the devil any place, anytime, anytime, under any condition. And when Jesus was here on the earth, the father was in him. God was in Christ reconciled the world to himself. We believe that all the fine qualities that was in the father was in him. And when he met Satan, look how he did. He brought it into your reach. Yours. He never used his great gift. He said, "It is written." It is written. And it is also written. Now, if you're not in the word, how you going to know what is written to fight that devil? How you will know who you're fighting? You will get licks right through. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. Do you believe that? So, the word of God is a seed. You believe that? Accept it in your heart and water it. Testify of it. Take it as your own personal need and God will bring it to pass. Hallelujah. God, I'm receiving this word today. I have to deal with my senses. Hallelujah. I have to get over my senses. Hallelujah. So the church going to be under five senses and the bride will be under the six sense. Give the Lord some praises. So the prophet he can turn our hearts back to that six sense which is the fate of the fathers. Is that right? So 2 Peter 1:4-7 is the bride. Faith and virtue and knowledge. Those seven steps there going up to God. That's the bride. Isn't that right? And second Timothy 3 is the church. Who are they? Heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, truth breakers, false accusers, all that is flesh. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. All of this cannal mind in the message walking with the books and the tapes. Give the Lord some praises. Right with me now. Right with me now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And of course their ministers going to be Matthew 24:24 to the church and Ephesians 4 to the bride for anointed to go them have a gift to the church because the church have ears and they want to hear some new revelations things that never in the word and the the ears speak up. They're like spock pointed ears pointed ears like that. So and they wait to hear the next set of revelation. So the church would be operating in the realm of the five senses. Where are you at? What is the realm you are living in and operating in? But you don't like me. Is that right? But then maybe God will love you too. God like you too. It's not my liking. God love you. But he love you if you want to come into his word. He love you as you are. He love you to be to see you change and transform. God tolerates foolishness. That's why prophet talk about an Safra that is going to repeat. They were if you examine that case, you will see how terrible they were because they could have said, "I'm giving the church $10, $15, $20." That is honesty. They sell and and is this all? She said, "Yes, he lied." Because I said, "No, this is not all. You know, because I put something to build house. I give some to my aunt and my or whatever." That's all. And that that's cool. It's your money. It's yours. Wealth is whatever it is. But the man looked at Peter and said that is all. He said enlighten man lie to the Holy Ghost. He didn't come to lie to the Holy Ghost intentionally. But he was lying all the time. That wasn't the first lie. Now that was the capitalized. He was a liar. And the Bible said put away lying. Okay. The Lord has shout in the house. They were brothers and sister Safira coming to church every Sunday. But they had stuff they didn't put away and one of those stuff was lying. Note the one I well he said call your husband. She said I have none. He said he had five living which is not yours. This you said truly you see the difference. She terrible condition no but she's speaking truth and Jesus bear record of that. Oh the Lord I shout in so much that he say I that speak unto you am he. The Messiah talking about it living. It's present tense. It's alive. It's here. Messiah is on earth now. I that speaking to you, I'm here. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. So, the church will be operating in the realm of the five senses, imagination, reason, affection, conscious, memory, but the bride will be operating under the realm of the six sense which is fate. Amen. Praise God. Colossians 3, I want to read this from verse two. Colossians 3, it says, "Set your affections on things above, not on things on the earth." And you know the devil have everything to offer on the internet. Everything offers the latest. That's putting people and the heart a better car, a better house, a better land, a better cut, a better hole, a better fork, a better split, a better spoon. That's the devil. But he set your affections on things above. People go and get America and lo them. Forget it. That light out the life I see and out the Christianity light too bright and that is just natural things. Jesus got the offer all these things and minds to give whoever I want. Just bow down and worship. A lot of these singers and pe singers and musician make covenant with the devil to be rich temporarily. After 30 years it can't go good. Amen. Hollywood stars afterwards bur the dead but they have 50 movies. They have 100 movies. Who cares about the movies they gone? Where they going? Heaven or hell? So when David expressed to God about the man spreading like a b tree and God asked the question, have you considered the end? All the games people playing in this message, all the game people playing in church, there's an end to that, you know. Amen. Hallelujah. The Bible says they all heard the same rock, all hear the same sermon. But with many of them, God was not pleased. He killed 10,000 with this, he with that. God was not pleased. And I say this way, the same people that God brought out, he killed them. God brought me out. He brought me out. Hallelujah. Glory glory. Yeah. You know, same God. You know, you're not serving the church. You're not serving me. You're not serving the message. You come to serve the living God. They did not know that God. Moses met that God. Moses encountered that God. Moses asked a question. He know what he had to deal with. He said, "God, when I go down there, what who shall I send me?" But them people are taking that. So God send me. Send who? Who are you? You put might put some licks in your You can't just go there and tell them God send you. Amen. Moses is stupid. Moses said, "God, what what what I tell you? Tell them I am." Go and tell them I am sent. And Moses went down do miracles. They saw the miracles but they didn't see God. They saw the flies and the plagues but I can't believe but they didn't see God. God said bring them down to the mountain. That I will reveal myself to them. And then when God came on the mountain, the monks had a shake. Now you know that it's not a brush shaking or a broom or some kind of tree shaking. The whole mouth had to shake. The people said don't let God speak. Let Moses speak because when God start to rock that mountain, man strip you man have nothing to say. You can't party time there. You can't feel the party when God rocking that mountain. You know when pillar of fire on top of there they fighting. Man need bucking. Then Moses had to go for the ten commandments. Word spending a long time up there. Somebody got a revelation. Yeah. Why Moses spending? No. Suppose he did. Now you see that is time eyes observation. They're not thinking this man sent by God brought two million people out of Egypt passes through a Red Sea. Some clong some intellectual idiot stand up and say suppose he dead. Aaron, make us our God. Aaron, you know the skills of the high priest. Make us a god. A golden calf. And that was a fresh re why we didn't think about that before. Hallelujah. That come fresh. Amen. I see I see light when I see that gold and calf. Gather the gold from the people and them mixing gold. Yes. And Aaron heart heavy heavy heavy cuz he know better than you. But then this man have a bigger mouth and he's taller and bolder. And in those days the bigger mouth shout the bigger mouth the bigger influencer. didn't have that terminology back there. But Coral and they were influencers. That were they were influencers. When Moses do come down party, carnival wasn't a a midnight thing, you know. Was it was a couple of day celebration. When Moses come down, you see I hear noise. What is that revalry? Them people partying. Now listen, a few days away, they get licks and Pharaoh be in the middle. Yes. You see what liberty is? I want my freedom. My mother give me my back. Father give me my back. When I leave home, I want my freedom. Freedom of a cost. You know, they were free to do whatever they want doing the wrong thing. We know what happened. God killed some of them. Moses who lord side come towards me cuz God say I will kill all of them you know and start a new generation you know. And then Moses had a plea for them. Yes. Because he studying how the other kings will see it. God killed them because he couldn't bring them out. He couldn't bring them through. For your name's sake. For your name's sake. Not for dear sake. For your name's sake. You can't let this message be corrupted where we have no evidence, no vindication, no confirmation. For your name's sake. Send fire. For your name's sake. Send on the power. For your name's sake. To vindicate Malachi 4. to vindicate. He have turned the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers because I'm a witness that the six sense is resident and the six sense is living in me. Give the Lord some praises. That is what we have to come to. The faith of the fathers. It was more than talk. Set your affections on things above, not on things on the earth. For ye are dead and your life is hidden. Christ in God. And when Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory. Listen to this. Mortify therefore your members, which is your body, which are upon the earth, fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concussence, and covetousness, which is adultery. For which things sake the wrath of God cometh on the chin of disobedience. This is after coming to the message. You want to act rebellious. You don't want to follow through with the word. You don't want to you don't want to follow with the order of spirit then you in here become a child of rebellion that will be judged. So then a rebellious child is like witchcraft and judgment is upon that person. Amen. For which things sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience in which ye also walk some time when you lived in them. He's going deeper. But now you also put off these. Paul is speaking to the church. I'm speaking to you this morning. Put off these anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communications out of your mouth. Lie not one to another. Seeing you have put off the old man with his deeds. Here come the old man again. He's not good. You had to put him off. And put and have put on the new man. So the old man had to go out. The new man come in, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him. Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, barbarian, skintian, bond nor free, but Christ is all in all. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, powers of mercies, kindness, homalous of mind, meekness, longsuffering. Amen. Amen. This is the elect we're talking about. You know, elect have to be able to do this. Forbearing one another and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgive you, so also do ye. And then he said, above all things, these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness. And you heard on the tape I preached that all these attributes of charity is to live here on this side. Yes. Nobody can tell me brother I love you on the other side. Liar. Hallelujah. You got to love on this side. You got to be kind. Char suffered long and is kind. Does not puffed up. Isn't easily provoked because across the is perfect. So you can't talk about the other side. It's here. You have to exercise love. It's here. You have to exercise patience. It's here. You have to forgive. It's here. You have to hug your brother and hug your sister and pray for your brother and pray for your sister. It's here. You have to do them things. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You get it now? Amen. The elect of God having bows of mercies and compassions. I know um we said it before, but Abraham talk about uh when looking at the seals and he saw those crying for judgment. How long Lord? How long? He said that can't be the bride. That's the Jews crying for judgment. He said the bride don't cry for that. Amen. So I cannot see somebody that have a revelation of being justified as if they never did it holding ought against anybody else. They have no revelation be justified. They are self-righteous and religious. They have no revelation of that because if you are forgiven because that's what the Bible just talk about the parable you know the man was guilty he was in jail and then he came out and the man forgive him and what not and afterwards he locked somebody neck for a little bit of money. Yeah, people was dis that was despicable because you get forgiven for $10,000 and somebody have $10 for you and you making $1 million and they carry on your foolishness afterwards back to the jail. Hallelujah. Jesus showing the quality of behavior and attitude. And when he said love your neighbor, they were who is my neighbor? He had to go in a parable, a story. I have a hidden mystery inside that story. man walking on the street and sick and everything else and this long dress passer this passing but the brother so and so pass him everybody passes him message until a Samaritan saw the man booked the man in the hotel and then straighten say listen if you have any bill I'll pay for this man who's your neighbor then so they know who the neighbor is in the message I am your neighbor say I'm your neighbor Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But you of the word of the word. You're helping your neighbor. Come and show me which part I'm supposed to get back on the word. You see me going down the road and you you see he off. Tell anybody. He off. He off. Way off. He off the highway. He on his shoulder. And that is why we have to encourage one another to stay on that path because God has vindicate truth. You know, God has vindicate the right thing. You know, God has always do that. You know, I don't care what you're going through right now. If you stay with God, God will stand with you. All right, let's go. So, but when the battle on earth started, the the battle to rage, the battleground started in the human mind. There's where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen because here the reason decisions are made from the mind. You could choose to love, you could choose to hate, you could choose to forgive, or you could choose who you ought. You could choose to steal back dig up in the past like but but I'm talking about somebody plant a seed. You plant a seed every morning you're digging up the seed looking growing. It will not grow. You have to be able to commit it to the ground and cover it up and turn your back. Let rain fall. Let the sunshine. It will spring forth. And that's the same thing with the word of God. You can't dig up, dig up, dig up. No, you have to believe that this service here will deal with your senses because you have been judging things through your senses and your feeling. You operate with your children through your senses and feeling. That is not how God want you to be with your children. That not righteous judgment. You have to judge by the word. You have to judge things by the word. This is not as you pass pass. You said it in the Bible. You ever see God get anybody like that? He pass. Nobody see nobody pass. God didn't get David a pass. He didn't give Abraham a pass. He didn't give Solomon a pass. None of them you give a pass. What about Adam? Firstborn son. The day you eat there of that day you die. Oh God. Oh God. I know I said it but oh God it will hurt my heart too much. Oh God. Adam. That's how we as judge. That is son. Oh God. Oh kick him out. Not God. You know he told him the day you eat that day you die. To be God. You have to keep his word. Amen. We have to become like God. We have to love the word more than anything else. You have to love this thing like more than any else. God first. Your family second and you are last. You love God. You love the word. You love the cause. You love his people. You love the things of God. You speak it. [Applause] [Music] Is that some people love Christmas? Yes, they love the songs. They love painting, changing curtains. I remember a long time my mother house, we used to change the what you call it again on the ground. Night before Christmas when you get up on Christmas morning, Christmas, you smell that you're baking before night. the baking Christmas. Christmas day, you're dead tired. Dead tired. What on earth is this about? But that was the Catholic culture. Christmas. Some people like carnival. They can't wait to come. Christmas over and carnival in their body already. And they talking it, you know. They say, "I love Christmas. I love listen. They giving you a chair. They giving you a drink. In fact, after Christmas, don't come back in front of the house looking for that. Wrong anointing, wrong season, wrong time and see Christmas time. Oh, I know because we used to do it. You just go by house merry Christmas happy. You know people going to serve something. You can't go that after that time. That anointing leave them back to normal again. You know, normal normal normal. You get what I'm saying? So you have to be able to express your love for God. Your love for the word. It will come part of you. You can't wait to be in service. You can't wait to come to church. You can't wait for the prayer meeting. You can't wait to worship God. You have to speak it. If you don't speak it, you're coming here. [Applause] But when you in speaking it and in that atmosphere when you come here. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. What you doing? You're in the spirit. You have expectation. You're expressing it by your mouth. You have to speak it like how God spoke it. He said, "Let there be light am all the darkness." He didn't care how long light was coming, but he knew light was going to come because it came out of his mouth. I love the Lord. He heard my voice. He answered my prayer. I wait patiently upon the Lord. My soul waited upon God. Oh, as the heart plant after the water broke, David was expressing it in song, expressing it in poems. So my soul thirst after the living God. God is hearing that. The angels is hearing that. And the devil is hearing that. Oh, the Lord has shouted the house. [Music] [Applause] Express how your faith is growing. Some people express how their faith weak. Their faith weak because their senses active and alive. You're feeding the senses like a man came to Indian brother and saying have two goat dogs a black dog and a white dog and they fighting one another. He said who does win? He say which one I feed. You feeding that dog with with with television and with everything Hollywood have to offer. You feeding that dog with the world and things of the world. We expect dog that dog must grow. So when you saying you come you when you saying in church quiet nobody grew is that big dog you have there if you starve that dog and feed the faith dog it's a different thing all together when that that dog you say shut up he has to shut up because your faith is growing you have to believe your faith could grow how many believe your faith could grow [Applause] hallelujah Amen. We will test that feeling. You have faith grow. I have a testimony and pass the microphone to you say give us a testimony how your faith growing look the bathroom look around heading for the exit because you have to be able to give a testimony. Amen. So decisions are made in the mind, the head, there is where Satan meets you and decisions because God made man that way. So before you could be renewed in your mind and the title is be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Amen. Having a new outlook because if we could get your outlook to shift from you there some people they are on theirel. They wouldn't say that you don't have a sign m I am on me but you live that because if you live higher than where you are because of you seeing a greater picture a higher picture as I say don't live above the animals live lower than the angels go make you no like animal God want you to be angelic God want you to be in the spirit God want you walk as a son God want you to walk responsible why you think God called that man with the talent buried a wicked Amen. He had one and he buried it. He was lazy. A lazy man. The best he could do is keep it safe. God said, "But I want added to that. I want interest." You got to put in the bank. Even if they give 1% now almost half percent and whatnot is ridiculous. But the point about is not the bank is the issue. The the issue is God want productivity. That why people say add not subtract. Add to your faith virtue and knowledge and temperance. God want you to grow. God want you to prosper. God want you to produce fruit. God don't want you hanging like a tree and nothing coming forth. You have to bring forth. We were sent to produce something. He said what we see should make a church that would make a revival. We have to do something with what God has given us. We can't wait until somebody else do it. We have to see our responsibility. We have to make a church. 10 thunders going to be a manifestation also. They want to mystify it but it's going to be a manifestation. They will say the seven thunders that are not written is being manifested. Oh give the Lord a shout. And if it's mysteries Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Then all the revelation that come into our manifestation have to reveal Jesus Christ. And he's the same yesterday, today and forever. Same power, same signs, same wonders, same miracles. What you're saying the days of the apostles is here. We going back to the days of the apostles. Super church, super race as we near the headstone. We be more radical like than brother Bam because he was one man. But there's a many membered pride around the world. Give the Lord a shout. There'll be one more ride. I'll ride this trail once more. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost, the white horse rider, [Applause] so my objective today is to rock your senses, to rock you off your five senses and get you back into the sense of faith. Because the sense of faith is what make them see Jesus go up and went in the upper room praising God continually. They wasn't praising God for him to come back. They were praising God for the promise. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. That is the promise of the father. And if the father give you that promise, expect it. Look for it. Glory to God to go greater or your sickness to go greater or your tumor to go greater. Oh, glory to God. Depression to go greater. That's not the promise. It's the Holy Ghost to come upon you. God could heal you today from every sickness, every disease. My Bible tell me he healed all manner of sickness, all manner of disease. He had question of his diabetes, headache, high blood pressure, nothing. As it come, he deal with it. Give the Lord a shout. come deal with it. Death come with it. Lane come deal with it. Blind come deal with it. We going to deal with it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your mind accepts the life which is the word of God. No. Dead brings a life. Just your thought doesn't do it. Your thought doesn't do it. But the word of God brought in the channel of your thought. So what do you come here to get to hear the word? Faith come by hearing. Amen. and hearing by the word. So when you hear the word, it lifts you. It inspires you. Whatever condition you're in, it lifts you up. Amen. What that does, it give you faith. Even if it's faith for this hour here, even it's faith for two hours here, but the time that you're under this word, it giving you faith. It increasing your faith. It growing your faith. Is what you do after is what will make that faith explode. [Applause] Hallelujah. So I'm not point you to the faith of the preacher. Some people only have faith in the in the preacher and pastor. They figure that they reach because the pastor is the man of the hour. And if he dead, he's a dead man in the hour. Makes no sense. Your faith can't be in a man. Your faith have to be in the word. In other words, if God send a donkey to speak it, you're taking the word. Leave the donkey alone, but take the word. [Applause] Do you get it now? Say, but you're rough. But you're rough. Hallelujah. I don't know how you going to handle Jesus. When Jesus come to the temple and when he see them gambling them fell kind of naturally gambling all they see is loot and more loot. Money and more money. The M playing Mark playing play lotto wherever it is they playing inside. You take a a sudden beat overturn the tables. They say Jesus going violent report next week. Pastor going violent wreck the whole temple. He said my father's house shall be called a house of prayer which make it a thieves. That's how carnal become. That's how far from God it become. I was thinking about how what I'm talking about. He give the new spirit to to work with the Holy Spirit. That mean our natural spirit is terrible. Yeah. That's why he give you a new heart. Our heart is too corrupt. So you take out your old heart. Stony heart. He call it stony heart. A heart against God. He give you a new heart. A heart towards God. Then he give you a clean up spirit that you could smile and laugh and enjoy the Lord and enjoy the BS and the blue and the flowers and everything else and shake your hand and feel nice and so on. And that new spirit is to work with the Holy Spirit. So how come you got jump from canal into charity? We have to have brotherly kindness on display so God will have issues around you to see what you will do if you will drop it. If you would forgive, if you would press past the past, [Applause] God testing the other person and God testing you. Could you be right and say you're sorry? Oh, that's a killer there. You know you're right. The person is wrong. And you say, "Sorry, forgive me, brother." That mash them up. They don't know how to handle that. not mashing you up because that's killing you and giving more room for the spirit to grow inside of you. You can't win every case. You can't fight every battle. Certain things you just have to let go and let God. Oh, give the Lord some praises. All right. Your mind accept it. It grasp it. What is your mind controlled by? Your spirit. Hallelujah. So your spirit catches the word of God. And that's the thing that got life in it. Not from Time magazine and Newsweek magazine. The word is what have life in it. God is who spoke this word. God is who wrote this word. And we come to preach the word. Which is the gospel and that word is what your spirit catch. That what raises you up. Look that centurion man. He stood there watching Jesus operate. And when it struck him he said don't even come and touch my servant. Just speak the word. Because I am a son, a servant under authority. And I say to one, go and he goeth. Hallelujah. Say to one come, he cometh. Speak the word. What is he saying? I understand by revelation the authority you have over sickness, disease, and devils. Hallelujah. Just as I have authority, you have authority. You don't need to come and lay hands. You just have to speak and it shall be so. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That's a gentile. That's not a baptized believer. That's a man watching the operation of the gift of God in Jesus and identify himself with it. To be in authority, we have to be under authority. We have to be authorized to do, to work, to administer. And once we under authority, then all heaven is behind us. Glory to God. The angels are behind us because we are under authority. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You can't give yourself authority. You have to be under authority. And the man recognize that Jesus was the under the authority of his father. Then he could do all things. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Wait till that bride recognizes the headship over the body which is charity, the voice of the archangel, the word hanging over that bride under authority. Woo! Anything can happen. Hallelujah. So watch your mind is controlled by the spirit. Your spirit catches the word. That's the thing that got life in it. It bring life into you. Watch what's the matter. You have to open the channel first. You got to get the soul of the Holy Spirit placed at the battlefront and take God's word. He is the word and he stands there and there's nothing going to stop it. Every one of the other channels is cleared out. That's what the matter with so much blowed up Christians is because they don't clean the channels out. What's he saying? They don't go down on the inside. So that's that's mean you're living a surface life. A surface life is a life that is not examined. Amen. You come to church, you go back home. But are you examining your walk, your talk, your desires, your attitude? Because when you want to be changed, you want to be changed from the core. Hallelujah. If you live a service life, you're not seeing you. So you're almost walking in denial. You're not recognizing what God called you onto. So today you're saved and tomorrow you feel so saved. You're not saved tomorrow. And today back and forth, back and forth. And God hates that. Amen. God want you to stand by your confession. What if God told Abraham, you know, I mean, 25 years for that baby, you know, and Abraham decided to drink until next 24 years, he come back out. A back Lord, hallelujah. Glory. This is the year. This is the year of Jubilee of faith. That's foolishness. Thanks, God didn't tell him how long it would take. He just dropped the promise on them and said, "Walk Abraham." Every year you walk in. 10 years pass and you don't even know how you make it. And many time you look back, we don't know how we come through all these things. You know, we pass through hell and all kind of stuff, man. And we still alive and kicking and the devil ain't get us. He's behind us, but he catch us. We are running this race. Oh, glory to God. And we're not running just to run. We running to win. Go hear a shout in the house. You're not running just to enter the race. You're running to win. And we will win. God ordain winners in this hour. He all ordain overcomers. This is our oh glory. We shall not all sleep. Hallelujah. Some will sleep but not all. Oh give the Lord some praises. So because they don't clean the channels out, they don't go down into the inside. You have got to clear it out. Conscience, memory, thoughts. Just just we talk about imagination. If you don't arrest your imagination and arrest and lock it up and chain it up, you're going floating in the air. Yes. True people fear truth. But it's true for everybody. Me too. Yes. If I tell you my imagine take me, I wouldn't tell you. I would tell you cuz sometime want to stay there and say you that not real come from helping this one doing this for this one doing for everybody. But they're not real. All right. Listen to this one. No matter if 10,000 died on this side today, trust him. 10,000 died on that side tomorrow, trust him. That has nothing to do with me. Could you say that? [Applause] I remember by Andrew telling me about how they used to do sales a long time. How they used to wonder how much nos you're going to get. You go and sell by yourself. No. No. And they are trained in a way where they counting how much nos because every no that they get coming to a yes what different mindset somebody who don't have that mindset whether he had two three nos this not for me you know but you can't tell that to a man train like Andrew because he know he get six nos nine nos and he know yes coming after 10 year nos he get a yes that's what you're looking for you're not looking for the nose you're looking for the Yes. Because you out to sell. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Could we be like that? Don't 10,000 fall on this side. Don't 10,000 fall on that side. That has nothing to do with me. This one fail. This one fall. This one backslide. What you telling me that for? That has nothing to do with me. That is their story. That's not my story. Give the Lord a shout in the house. When you could go through the nose like that, you're rock solid. In other words, negativity don't affect you. Period. So actually the negatives only bring you to a positive. So they're laughing at the nose because the nose making it a yes. That's faith. That's what faith does. We are not taking no. We going to have a breakthrough. We are not taking no. We're going to have people inspired by the spirit. We are not taking no. We are going to have people that going to be delivered. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. I'm the one that believe it. If we want to open up a challenge, then we can. We find Oh, okay. Let's get this one. If you got your senses, see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. They're all right. But don't trust them unless they agree with the word. But watch. Imagination, conscience, memory, reasoning, affections, they're all right if they agree with the word. But if your affection doesn't agree with the word, get rid of it. If your conscience, anything disagrees with what on the inside, get rid of it. That is the battleground. The mind is the gate to the spirit. Your mind opens up and accept the spirit or reject the spirit. Some people attitude, they fold their hand. They want to worship God and what not. They're rejecting. They're rejecting the atmosphere. They don't like the scream and they shout. They want somebody that could just talk to them and explain and whatnot hours just killing time and so on. But you have to get in the spirit fighting for that. What for? That the Holy Ghost could reveal it to you because the Holy Ghost alone is the revealer of the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. You need your own revelation. You can't go by your father, your mother, your brother, sister. You cannot go by any family. You have got to get your own revelation. That's why David could testify. Oh, give the Lord a shout. When nobody want to face Goliath, David can give his testimony. I was out with my sheep and here come a bear and I God delivered that bear into my hands and out with my sheep and here come the lion and God delivered the lion into my hands. He has given a testimony. Faith is real to him. He exercised his faith. He prove his faith. Isn't that right? And he said, "The God that delivered the bear and the lamb into my hands shall show deliver unto me." Oh the Lord a shout. That's what David said. He had an experience. And usually you have to have experience to have faith and faith brings experience. Oh give the Lord a shout. Faith is a living thing. It's not a talking thing. Is a living thing. Glory of God. When David got his five smooth stones, he ran to meet Goliath. He was so convinced. If he was walking and look and examine his size closely, he said, "Nah, God too big. Guess I going back." But David wasn't watching Goliath's size. He was watching the God that was upon him. Are you going to sing? The spirit of the Lord is upon my heart. Oh, glory to God. I can sing like David's son. Hallelujah. And the spirit of the Lord comes upon my hand. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. David ran to meet [Applause] [Music] Goliath. Golth fearless. He is big. He's bold. He's bad. He said, "I'll feed you to the beds." He's embarrassed. David said, "You come with me with spay unsured. I come to you in the name of the Lord. Today, not next week, not next service. Today, I cut your head off. Today, you are corner. Today, you are finished. Today, you exiting this life. Oh, the Lord, I shout in the house. Vector to Goliath. Oh, glory to God. protected that demon hanging over you, binding you, cramping you, holding you back. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory to God. And David without a sword said, "I'll cut your head off." That is faith. Do you see it? David wasn't going by senses. He had no sword and he prophesied I, not I, my brother. Yeah, cuz your brothers only complain about David and G confusing the all kind of old stripper talk. Well, why why you doing out here? What to the father sheep and you coming here to see the battle like a battle going on? The only polishing shoes and polishing spear and reading spoke with books and listening to tapes. No exercise of faith whatsoever. Hallelujah. When David take out Golad here, they both we win. Everybody win. Yeah, that's right. Because one man had the courage not to talk about Goliath or shining sword or or sharpen sword what not looking at Goliath. One man had the courage to take him out. And you know at first they didn't move right until they saw the head rolling down. You know all them fell so much in the senses so much in the flesh they had to make sure that man really did. You know when they see the head rolling down they start to shout. He really did. But he really did. He really did. He really did. God may we see that head rolling down tonight. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Let us see the head of them five senses rolling off the praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That you could rejoice in spirit. That you could rejoice in faith. That rejoice that God elected you to be in such a time as this. Amen. Amen. Amen. My God, we going good. Your mind opens up and accept the spirit or reject the spirit. He says you can have little consciousness, little feelings, little sensations that has nothing to do with it. That's just sensation and things. When it comes to reality, your mind opens it up. Your mind either accepts it or rejects it. It's your mind that open up the door or closes the door. Faith come by hearing and hearing the word. So the word comes bring it intellectual faith. Then when the Holy Spirit operate in it and drop it on your heart, it become a spiritual revelation. Anchor in your soul. That's the faith that the devil cannot take out. It's anchored in your soul. You have all what you have possessed yet, but there's something God put in you that the devil can't take it. And you know it. It's an anchor point. That's an anchor point. That's where you can go back in your Christian walk and put a stake and anchor it right there. That's where God dealt with me. That's where God kept me. That's where God held me. Devil, you can't move from that. It's an anchor point. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. So your mind open up the door or closes the door. Listens to your conscience. Listens to your memory. Listen to your affection. If I was listening to people, I go on a long time. You know, it's just that I You ever hear about the the frog that was deaf and they telling me can't make it? Yeah. And he was bunking me with milk and keep jumping, jumping, jumping. And the milk is get hard and hard and he jump out. I said I was telling you couldn't make it. You couldn't make it. But the was deaf. So he wasn't hearing they couldn't make it. And I get deaf to every other voice outside telling me we can't make it. Everybody say can't make it. You can't make it. But here we are. We are going to make it because we climbing that pyramid. That's what we doing. You know, we climbing that pyramid, you know. And I'm preaching faith. Faith to climb higher. Oh, give the Lord some praises. All of you who are stuck on that pyramid, you're going higher tonight. This is the day for you to go up. Come on, give the Lord a shout in the house. This is the day for you to go beyond where you [Applause] are. So, your mind open, that door, closes the door. Listens to your conscience, listens to your memory, listens to your affections. And when your mind closes under these things and let God's spirit of his word come in and blow the rest of the stuff out, every doubt is gone. Here we go. Quote me. Every fear is gone. Every sensation is gone. Every feeling is gone. And there is nothing standing there but the word of God. And Satan cannot battle against that. So you find brother saying, I don't know if he'll come. I don't know, you know, I'm waiting on don't know if he'll come or what not. Then all of a sudden he said, he is here. Yes. Note what happened after that. Then he says, I take every spirit. And when he says that is every spirit. I take every spirit here under my control for the honor and glory of God. He knew every demon in that place is subject to him. At that point, brother Abbrand knew the whole heaven behind him because the angel is present under that anointing. He is fearless. under that anointing. He could call out diabetes, any kind of condition. One time he said all who have diabetes all stand up. He said to deal with them by groups. Yes. Hallelujah. Because demons have to ask other demons for help. You know, he said this one call for help across there. Say stand up there. Bow. Cast all them out one time. Group dismissal. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. We dismissing them by the groups. All of their sickness and bow all them. Get out of here. Get out of here. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You said, "Let's get the atomic bomb." What is it? F AI T. Fate. That's called atomic bomb. You say, "Is that right, brother Brandham? Why then? Why does it on some and not on others?" It's because of the channel. You can look out and see. And you've got to have it here looking this way, not out here looking in. But you got to be in looking out. You can't come through reason. You can't come through these other things. You've got to come through the God's channel right down into your soul. He said, you say your senses, I can feel it. Yeah, I might smell it, but and all these things is reasoning. He said, but God's word above all things I would that you prosper in health. Look how God busting this thing about healing. I would that you prosper and be in health. Now, how can you be a real soldier out there? You say, "I want to prosper in health." Amen. We can't help you if you claim that's how your father was and your grandfather was and your great-grandfather and your great great grandfather had it and you have it too. That doesn't help your situation. You have to believe that God wants you to be in good health. Because good health is serving better. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have to let him in. Okay. I might read this here. All right. Am I tireing you? All right. If Satan get through here by these conscience and all these things then he gets down here to the end of the soul in the mind. Now you will never look at one of them thing until first you have to let him in there. You have to let him in. And when he gets in he's got control. Then what does he do? He begins to use the conscience. So somebody did you something and you forget about it and whatnot and somehow you bounce them up again. And when you bounce them up, your eyes see them, you remember what they do. That's when they come back in. All the time you ain't seen them, it gone. When you see them and afterwards it raise back up. Right there. You have a choice. Let it go or renew it. I call renew your passport or driver's permit. And some people just renew this. You say, "Renew." And then you have a ought now when you come into it. Hallelujah. Ding the glory. Singing sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet. Hallelujah. Amen. And you have a inside of there. Revive us again. God say what? Revive what? That inside you. How you expect a revival inside? when you have a inside of that. Now listen friends, I am encountering it so often. This oath and bly forgiven is a serious issue. It's a issue since in Jesus time that Peter come say Lord if a brother offend me shall I survive for forgive him seven times a day. Peter run with the number. He thought it was a big number. You know, it's a big number. But seven times a day, you expect your brother to offend you seven times, boy. I have the brother around so long times. Jesus is 70* 7. So it was an issue that was there as humans. We are here in the flesh. There are things we may not directly do. We may not want to offend. But sometime you do things that offend. Yes. And and and and is unintentional. and somebody take it in an offensive manner and react. How do you do that as brothers and sisters and and so on like that? You have to be able to let things go, forgiving one another, loving one another, encourage one another instead of going and talk and talk and talk and talk and find it and find out. You don't know what the person have been through. So use your conscious, he used this outlet, taste, smell, hear, imagination, conscious, memory, reason, affection. He begin to use all these different title type of channels, right? He's got to come into your mind first. You got to accept it. He said come out from amongst the people Abraham they are the thing they are doubters unbelievers leave all your conscience and senses behind you like that tonight church why don't you come out from your senses and your feelings and emotion start to believe what God said not just from a general perspective but from what God said about you when you hear he said you have not chosen me but I have chosen you and you accept you as God's choice voice. So you stop talking this thing. I am worthy and I worthy. When you cut out that foolishness, take your unworthiness and go with it. God said you have not chosen me. I have chosen you. He chose you as you are. Not to remain as you are, but to change your life, to change your walk, to change your attitude. And we are trying to encourage you to be renewed in the spirit of your mind by having a new perspective, a fresh perspective of life that you could breathe, that you could live. He said, "I come that my life have it more abundantly." All right, we almost finished here. Musicians begin to come out. He said, "Come out from among the people." Abraham, separate yourself and lift for me. What is it? So, he's detailing this here. Leave all your conscience and senses behind you like that. Open up your mind and remember it is me. Come live with me. And hear the bomb here. Now God is calling every seed of Abraham this morning to that same kind of a life. God wants his children separating themselves from see, taste, smell, hear, imagination, conscience, memories, reason, affection, everything. Open up their mind and let the word come in and march with the word. Oh, glory to God. So when Isaiah said, "Wo is me. I'm undone." God sent fire from off the altar. He said God was showing the prophet that his cleansing power was fire off the altar. God cleansing power today is not by receiving a creed or a message quote or being in a message group. God cleansing power today is not reciting a creed to join a church. It's the power of the Holy Ghost and fire that comes down and cleanses a man from all his unbelief. God's way of cleansing a prophet is by fire, not by creed. What would a prophet know about a creed? He's going to be used by God. The word was going to make manifest through him. Confession first and cleansed by fire. Confession first, cleansing second, commission was third. A man can repent of his sins and be still be thinking, well, he's an immoral man. Every immoral looking woman he finds, it's still there. Maybe he's a drunkard. Every time he smells the drink, it is still there. But when he gets sanctified, that cleanses the desire out of him. It takes the want of it away. He can still be tempted, but it takes the want of it away. God cleansed that man. Oh, glory to God. And sanctification. He said he calls the church through justification, through sanctification, then fill it with the Holy Ghost and fire. He took it through a process. Are you with me? All them want to be the bride instant bride. I give it instant coffee and Kentucky fried chicken. Here it is. He take the church through a process that he himself, the Holy Spirit himself, the son of God could dwell in the human heart. It has to go through that before he can come into it. So hear me message world, you have to go through the process. It's not I believe message I may bride. It does happen. So our process it has to go through baptism of fire, holy fire from God which cleanses the earth. The earth cleanses then it is purchased so that the redeemed can live on it. Notice the baptism of fire is to cleanse it from sin. Talking about the earth, from sickness, from disease, from sinners, from the devil, all his group, he's to be cast out in the lake of fire. Holy fire from God come down from God out of heaven and builds it up. Notice to make it ready for God to dwell in. For God in the new world is to come to dwell on the earth. Now watch. And the same plan of redemption is used to redeem both the world and the persons that live in it. So we have to get that baptism of fire. So he said this year, now here's the problem. The heart has to be cleansed like that. You see like that before God can come down in the person of the Holy Ghost, which is Christ coming down and dwell in the human heart. He said after add all all them virtues then the love of God Christ himself comes down and then you become a living moving monument with charity the abundant perfectness covering you amen holy fire from god comes down burn all desire from himself you become a new person not a old patched up one by joining church not turning a new page you're a complete brand new unit God takes the old man burns him out completely with the Holy Ghost and fire comes himself all right when the Holy Ghost comes into the heart quickly. He becomes a twofold being. One on earth to die and one of heaven to live. In his body, he's still subject to death. But in his soul, he's passed from death unto life. In his body, he has his earthly contact with five senses. In his spirit, he has contact with God through the Holy Ghost. And the angels of God visits them, speaks with them, and they are messengers sent from God to reveal and to bring messages from God. Amen. I'm going closing with this here. I want to pray something softly. Galatians 2:20 says, "I am crucified with Christ." Paul the apostle, Paul the prophet said, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God who love me and give himself for me." Romans 12, we almost almost read it. present your bodies. But I want to read it in the amplified and we close. That's all I have. That's it. I appeal to you, brethren, and beg of you in view of all the mercies of God to make a decisive decision, decisive dedication of your bodies, presenting all your members and faculties as a living sacrifice, holy, devoted, consecrated, and well pleasing to God, which is a reasonable, rational, intelligent service, spiritual worship. Do not be conformed to this world, fashion after, adapted to it external superficial customs, but be transformed, changed by the entire renewal of your mind, by its new ideals and its new attitude, so that you may prove for yourselves what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God, even the thing that is good and acceptable and perfect in his sight for you. Let's all stand and give God some praises. Father God, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for your word, Lord. Lord and I pray you have the prayer ministers even right now in the hearts of and lives of your believing children in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And God bless you. Thanks again for coming out. Praise the [Music] Lord. Oh give him praise today. Hallelujah. Glory. Let's lift our hands and worship. Oh thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Thank you father. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, heaven in God. Oh, have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Oh, let's take it up. Oh, let's lift our hands and say faith in God. Oh today, oh in God. Oh, have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Oh, have faith in God. Oh, all today faith in God. Oh, have faith in God. Have faith in God. Oh, [Music] oy for the answer have been in God. Oh, lift your hands and praise him right now. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, give him worship. Give him thanks. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let your faith rise today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Father. Oh, God is able to do what he promised. He is able to perform that which he has spoken. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, walk by faith, live by faith, move by faith today. Oh, hallelujah. Let your faith rise. Let your confidence rise in God's ability to do what he said to do. He promised to heal. He promised to deliver. He promised to restore. He promised to make a way where there seemed to be no way. Oh, this is our God this morning. And he is able to do it. Forget about your five senses. Oh, hallelujah. Forget about what you can see with your eyes. Walk by faith and not by sight. And praise him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. In expectation. Oh, in holy expectation for what he is about to do. Oh, can we praise him right now? Give him a shout of worship. Lift up your hands and just give him glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thy word, oh Lord, is settled forever. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The omnipotence has spoken and the miraculous does take place by faith in God. Oh, sing with all our hearts. Faith in God for the answer have been in my faith to thee. [Music] Lamb of Calary, save the divine now. Hear me while I pray. Take off my s away and Lord let me from this day be holy thine. Oh, one more time with all your heart. Lift your hand and say, "Oh my faith loves our to thee." Oh, our lamb of God. Savior why I pray and change all my the way Lord let me throughout this day be holy. Oh, just give him praise right now in your own way. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, my faith is in you tonight. Oh, my trust is in you, Lord. Let me not be ashamed. Oh, hallelujah. Let my enemies rejoice over me. Oh, but God gives victory. Oh, hallelujah. Faith is the victory this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, now hear me. Oh, now hear me while I pray. Go and take all my s away and Lord [Music] let this day Oh, we praise him today. Oh, hallelujah. For his excellent greatness. Hallelujah. How great is the Lord. Our faith is in you, Lord. Amen. You appreciate the word this morning. Today, you appreciate the message of Yahw. be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Oh my, that we might prove that good and acceptable thing. We thank God this morning for his goodness. And as the brothers get ready by God's grace to pick up the ti offering and we want to just offer a word of prayer for that today. Amen. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads as we do. Heavenly Father, Lord, this day, Lord, we thank you for your goodness and your mercy, Lord, upon our lives. And Lord, now as we pause to uh collect the tithes and offerings, Lord, we pray that your mercy would be upon it. Your blessings would be upon it, dear God. We pray a blessing ministry, Father, by these things that we will be able to continue in the work of the of the Lord. Lord, uh, until however long we'll be here on the earth, Father, we just want to do what we can for the kingdom of God. Bless the people as they give. May you provide for them, Lord. Father, and anoint them and inspire them, Lord, and open doors for them, their dear, God. Bless those that don't have, Father. May you uh pour your blessings upon them also, Father. May you anoint and bless us today as we as we do these things in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Give me a key for that song. God can do it again. Amen. Praise God. You can praise the Lord. God can do it again. Oh, and again and again. And there's no reason to doubt that God can do it again. Well, yesterday and the day before, he is always the same. There's no reason to doubt that God can do it again. My God can do it again and again and again. And there's no reason to doubt that God can do it again. Well, yesterday and the day before he is always the same. And there's only such to God can do it. Oh, God can do it again. and again. Oh, he has glory to the God can do it again. Well, yesterday and the day before he is all the same and there's no reason to stop. I don't do it again. I can't do it again. Oh, I have no faith in his word. God can do it. Well, now yesterday and the day before he glor and the day before. Oh, he is the same. Oh yes, he's real real. Oh, I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, testify. He's real. Real real. Oh, Christ. So real to me. Turn around. Get somebody and tell him he's real today. Hallelujah. My declaration I can't live without him. That is why I love you so. Amen. You appreciate the Lord this morning. Come to give the Lord a hand of praise. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? What a time in the presence. And what a blessing to brave the weather, to brave how you feel, to brave the circumstances of life, and to make a choice to be here in the house of the Lord for God to speak to us in the only the way that he can. Amen. You could play something softly. We have some prayer requests uh from brother Andy Henry requesting prayer for my wife Victoria who is down with the flu and body pains. also Andrew and Alexander who is coming down with it that God will bring total healing and deliverance and I know there are a number of people who are struggling with different types of viruses and these things. We want to also remember them in prayer. Also uh from brother Hugh Williams I had a CT scan on my head and the doctor said the swelling could be a tumor. However, he requested a body scan to see if there's any more or other swellings. I'm scheduled to do that body scan in June. Please pray that all will be well and results will be favorable. So, we want to remember God's servant brother Hugh in prayer. And if there's any other requests this morning that you want to show by raise of hands as we approach the throne of grace, the throne of mercy, knowing that God is a healer, he's a way maker. He's a bomb in Gilead. The enemy has a job to do. But more importantly, we have a job to do. We are commanded to push back sickness. We are commanded to cast out diseases. We are commanded to lay hands on the sick and see them recover. We are commanded to pray. And knowing that God, he is a healer. He's a way maker. He is a deliverer. He's a restorer. And there's nothing that's too hard for him to address this morning. Can we approach the throne of grace? Heavenly Father, we stand, Lord, at your feet, Lord, looking for more from you. We thank you for the word that was spoken to us today through your son, your servant, and our pastor, Brother Theo, Lord, that he would stand behind the sacred desk and minister the words of eternal life. Lord, to continually point us to the promises, to the word, to the expectations of the word, for the standard of the word that's required for us to contend for the faith in such a time as this, Lord. We also understand that this message Lord is Lord. Yes, it has rapturing faith in it. Yes, it has Lord adoption in it, but it also has healing in it also. Father, Lord, you are our healer. You said healing is a children's bread. And we come this morning to eat of that bread this morning, Lord, knowing, Lord, that you want the best for us, Lord. So we pray this morning for Lord Sister Victoria in a special way, Father. Lord, how the enemy has attacked with the flu and the body pains, Father, that even now as the prayer goes forth, she'll get immediate relief in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, may you touch her completely from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. Lord, may all be well. May that virus leave her body completely. Lord, we claim it. We speak it. We rejoice in it. We thank you in advance for a finished work this morning. And Lord, may you cover Andrew and Alexander even now how the enemy is trying to attack them also, Lord. May all be well in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And may this request come back to us as a note of praise, Father. Lord, for your son and your servant, Brother Hugh Williams, Lord, he has stood faithful for all these years. Lord, this has been recorded, Father. Lord, he has stood for the truth for all these years. This has been recorded, Lord. And Satan is upset about it. Satan is mad about it, Father. Lord, and at this point in his journey, Lord, he has to deal with this swelling. We say, Satan, take your hand off of God's son now, in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, there's power in the church of the living God over every sickness, over every disease. We choose to relieve the report of the Lord. Whose report will we believe? We come against that negative report. We come against that swelling. We come against if it's we don't know what it is but we are whatever it is. House of hell give way to the name of Jesus Christ this morning. We pray dear God that that report will come back saying we can't find anything. There's nothing there because the great physician has already intervened. The great physician has made himself known. a great physician has showed up to make himself alive here among us in 2025. So, Father, whatever it is, we come against it in the name of Jesus. You promise to heal, you promise to deliver, you promise to raise up. Lord, may this be a time of his reward in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, Father. And Lord, for every hand that was raised, every knee that was expressed, every plea that was in the hearts of your people, every burden Lord that has taken a hold of your people, we unite as a church today. He said that if there are two touching anything in agreement, they could have whatever they ask for. We stand in agreement this morning for every sick in our midst. Uh for every downtrodden in our midst, uh for everyone that's struggling in our midst, uh for those that are connected online, uh for those that couldn't make it here today, we stand in the gap for everyone. Father, oh God, may you move through the camp. May you touch your sons and daughters. Lord, may healing rain pour down upon your people, Lord. Not just physical but mind, body, soul, spirit, psychologically, emotionally, financial healing, marital healing, family healing. Whatever the strain might be, whatever the stress might be, we cover with blood. Today, we plead the blood today. We apply the blood today. We apply the token on this church in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. May you bless our pastor. May you bless the leadership of the church. May you bless every brother, every sister that's a member of this church, Lord. May you bless every fellowship around the world, Lord, locally, regionally, internationally. Lord, we are one body and by one spirit. We are baptized into this one mystical body. May you strengthen your bride body. Father, we know the times are changing. We see the political moves. We see the economic moves. We see the religious moves. Father, even so, come quickly, Father. Lord, help us to be ready. You said the bride had made herself ready. Oh God, help us to be ready. May you bless the preparations for the upcoming convention. May you bless the meetings all over the world where the spirit of God is moving. Lord, may we be ready to receive the Holy Ghost to be revealed uh to be adopted, to be changed, to be transformed, for these 16 elements to go through a body change. Father, we commit your people into your hands. We commit the church into your hands in the mighty precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, And the church says, "Amen." You may be seated for a few minutes. May God bless you [Music] richly for our announcements. Service continues this coming Wednesday here at the tabernacle. looking forward for God to to do something tremendous for us. If you could be here, we encourage you to do so. Uh this coming Friday, we will have our Zoom prayer meeting online 8:00 p.m. Uh make it your business to be there. It's a serious hour that we're in and we are counting down and I believe that God has something special in store for us. This coming Sunday uh is the last Sunday of this month and we have a special service. Um although it's a Sunday service, we want to also dedicate this coming Sunday uh especially to the young people. And we want to also dedicate the service this Sunday for those that have been struggling. So we want to call it a bit of a youth focus service as well as a breakthrough service. So we are charging you and giving you a mandate to reach out to the young people, reach out to those that have been struggling, reach out to the backsliders, encourage one another, looking for God to do something for in a special way as we're just over a month away from the convention. And I believe that one of these days, as we often say, the last song will be sung, the last service will be had. And with all that's happening around, we don't know if this will be the last convention. We don't know if this will be our last year on the earth. We don't know because everything is just so volatile right now. And the Bible says that Satan knows that time is short. So if he knows that time is short and and he has a limited window of opportunity to do what he is supposed to do, then we have a limited time to do what we are supposed to do. And there's a promise and a prophecy over all of us that our family will be there. You know, God through the prophet said all that you love will be over there. So we want to have a special burden for our young people, for our families, for the backsliders, for those that are struggling to have a special service this coming Sunday. And we want to encourage you to be prayed up, come under expectation. Bring your fire, come with a burden. And we're doing this out of love. This is not to scare anybody, but it's to encourage one another that we got to be ready to leave here. So it's a very important time for us. So we want to encourage you, make every effort to not only be here, but encourage someone to be here also. maintenance team group five please meet with brother Blackman after the service and next week Lord willing uh it'll be group four which is brother Maron's group is carded to serve and also reminder the countdown is on to the upcoming convention July 18th 19th and 20th we're looking for a tremendous time in the Lord please continue to give your support in prayer your financial support your support in time and effort in contribution, making yourself available, and we're looking for God to do something special in our midst. And uh last and certainly not least, uh Sister Nicholas has a note of praise here. I'm seeing thanking God for allowing me to see another year for health and strength throughout my journey this year. And I believe today is sister Niko is today. My my my my happy birthday, Sister Nicholas. We love you. We appreciate you. And I am told that there's ice cream and cake for the entire church downstairs. So, Sister Nicholas clearly has a special impact that there's ice cream and cake for the entire church to celebrate your birthday. So, may God richly bless you and we invite the church to celebrate with her um downstairs. I know her family is excited to be here to do that for her as well. So, may the Lord Richie bless you, church. stay on the firing line. And uh no matter what you go through, I was sharing with someone recently, you know, the psalmist David said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed beg bread." When you pause, because many times you look at the word, we we say these things, but we don't pause. It meant that David caught himself at a point in time, and when he reflected, he could make a I've never seen it. When I look back a year, 2 years, 5 years, 10 years, I can't find one case study of the righteous forsaken. I can't find one piece of evidence of the righteous forsaken or ever seeing the seed beg bread. And I found myself sharing with someone else. I say listen, his strength is only made perfect in our weakness. So sometimes you come to a point where you feel low and you feel weak and you feel weary and you feel like things aren't working out. That is the only time when God's strength could be made perfect because the perfection of his strength could only be displayed when we are weak. Oh, come on now somebody. So, so sometimes we feel like we at the end of our road and how I end up here and God is saying I'm just waiting a little more to see you to that spot that my strength could step in in its perfection to carry you through. So, I want to encourage you church no matter how dark it gets, no matter how dismal it get. Brother preached. He said they could be coming to foreclose your house tomorrow. Faith has hair on its chest. Faith could step in the gap. Faith could say not this one. Mercy said no. So may the Lord richly bless you. God bless you. Thank you. Amen. You appreciate it today. Praise God. May God bless you as the ushers come. May you go out with a shout and faith in your heart. My friends don't like me because I am walking with the king. Oh, walking with the king. Oh, walking with the king. Oh, my friends don't like me because I am walking with the king. Every day I am walking with the king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king. Heat. Heat. Heat. I am walking with the king. Walking with the king. Walking with the king. Oh my friends. I am walking with the king every day. I will walk with the king. I'm talking with the king and I'm living with the king. I am walking with the king every day. I walk [Music] you my Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
