################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-25 - When You Are Dying And Christ Is Coming To Life - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-25
Title:    When You Are Dying And Christ Is Coming To Life - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GWZkBzNxnA
========================================

Description:
This message was given on Sunday 25th January 2026
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I Oh yes, I exalt thee. Oh Lord. Oh yes. I exalt thee. Oh you know your heart. I exalt. Oh I exalt thee. Lord. Oh, let's give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We're here to praise him. We're here to worship him this morning. We're here to give him all the glory that is due unto his name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, tribute the praise. I offer you this morning. I lay it on the altar. Oh, hallelujah. You are the God of all my days. I thank your pray Lord. Amen for your goodness and your mercy. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Are you happy to be found alive in his hands? Doesn't matter what happens. As long as I'm in his hands, I know I'll be all right. God bless you this morning as we find our Bibles. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Uh we'd like to turn our Bibles over to Psalms chapter 100, our scripture reading this morning. a psalm of praise this morning. Amen. And I know you're familiar with it. So if you know it, say it along with me as we read this morning from the Holy R. Psalms 100. It says, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord, he is God. It is he that had made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and blessed his name. For the Lord is good, his mercy is everlasting and his truth endureth to all generations. May God add blessing to the reading of his word this morning. Can we praise him? Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. We're here to make a joyful noise this morning. Let us bow our heads and pray. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, to be here this morning, to be alive in your grace, Lord. Father, we did not bring ourselves, Lord. We did not call ourselves, Father. We did not save ourselves. Neither could we choose ourselves. You chose us, Lord Father, before the foundation of the world. Lord, Father, you brought us forth, Lord. You took us out of the miry clay. You put our foot on a rock this morning, and that rock is Jesus Christ. Oh, there's no great thing of us, Lord Father, that we could exalt this morning. There is nothing higher than you today. We give you the highest praise, Lord, Father, because you deserve it, Lord Father. Because there's no one else like you this morning. So we come into the tabernacle today. We come to lift up holy hands, Lord Father, to acknowledge you, Lord as God and Savior, as creator of our lives. Oh God, Father, you are founded it upon the seas and establish it upon the floods. Lord, we pray that you establish your word here this morning. Establish your anointing in us this morning, Father, as we surround, Lord, the throne of God this morning with praise, honor, and glory, joining with the angels that never cease to worship you, dear God, for all of your goodness and your mercies, Lord, for the generations and generations. We praise you this morning. We give you glory. We give you honor. We come to worship and adore you this morning. We come to create an atmosphere in the house of God that you would be pleased to come down in and dwell with us, Lord, and minister to our hearts and lives, Father, as we look to you, God. Our eyes are steadfast upon you, Lord. Father, Lord, to see what you would speak to us, Lord. We are ready in waiting this morning. Pour out your spirit this morning. Pour out your anointing, Father. May you touch lives today, Lord. Touch us in the physical realm. Touch us in the spirit, Lord. Father, touch all weary souls this morning. Give strength to the weary. Give grace to the humble. Father, may you pour out healing upon those that are sick. May you raise up the town and Lord, may you bless, oh God, the mothers, the fathers, the husbands, the wives, Lord, the children, oh God. Father, may you fill this place with your with your holy presence. Even those that are on the internet this morning hooking in, Lord, listening online, we pray you bless them wherever they may be. Father, may your anointing poured upon him also. Bless your servant as he yields himself to be used mightily of the spirit. Lord, we want today to be a glorious and blessed day. We surrender it to you, Lord, that your mighty works would be done in it, Father. All that is to happen thereafter, we commit it into your hands. We pray, Father, have your way in Jesus Christ's precious name. We pray and ask and commit these things. Amen. And amen and amen. Can we give the Lord a praise offering? Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. You could raise the key up just one. Amen. Make me more like thee. As we sing Jesus, make me more like thee and give me a heart that is filled with your love who had made me more like thee. Oh, lift your hand and say, "Oh Jesus, make me more like, oh Jesus, may be more like me. Go and give me a heart that is filled with your love. Oh, and make me more like thee. Oh, with all your heart, lift your hand and say, "Make, make me more like thee, oh Jesus." Hallelujah. Make me more this morning. Make me Lord and give me a heart that is filled with love. Oh, and make me more like thee. Oh, singing make me more. Yes, Lord. Is that your prayer today? I want to be like Jesus. Oh. Make me more. Make me more like thee. Oh, and give me a heart that is filled with your love. Oh, and make me all like thee. Oh, give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh, make make me more this morning. Oh, I come to be made this morning. Make me over. Make me over again. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, how many want to be like Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, I need your power. I need your grace. I need your love. My love is not enough. My power is not enough. I can't make it without him. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many need him this morning? Oh, without him I can do nothing. Oh, how many truly know that this morning? That without him. Oh, I sure f. Oh, and without him I would be drifting. Oh yes. Like a ship without a sea. One more time. Oh, and without him I can't do nothing. Oh Lord, oh for without him oh I surely fail. Oh, without hand. Oh, I would be drifting. Oh, like a share. Oh, without a s. Oh, and without him, oh, I'd just be I would be drifting. Oh, yes. Like a ship without a sing. Oh, give him praise today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Oh, do you believe it today? Why don't you turn around? Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Amen. In a special way. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Rise, shine, and give God the glory. Amen. We are soldiers of the cross. Praise God. Amen. Oh, we'll rise and shine and give God the glory. Oh, we'll rise and shine. Oh, and give God the glory. Oh, we'll rise and shine and give God the glory. We are solders of the cross. Oh, yes. this morning. We'll rise oh and shine and give God the glory. We'll rise and shine. Oh, and give God Oh, good morning this morning. Rise and shine this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, cuz we're solders. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, yes. We will rise. Oh, and shine. Oh, and God. Oh, we'll rise. Oh, and shine. and give God the glory. Oh, we'll rise and shine and give God the glory. We are solders of the cross. Oh, now and every round goes higher and higher. Oh, every round goes higher and higher. Oh, and every round goes higher and higher. Oh, we are solders of the cross. Oh yes, we're going to rise. Oh, and shine and give God the glory. We'll rise and shine. Oh, and give God the glory. Yes, we'll rise and shine. Keep God the glory. We are solders of the cross. Oh, hallelujah. We are climbing Jacob's ladder. Oh, we are climbing. Oh, Jacob's ladder. Oh, and we are climbing Jacob's ladder. We are solders. Oh, let the redeemed say so. We're going to rise. Come on, shine. Put a smile on your face and come on and rise. Oh, and shine. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh yes, we'll rise and shine. Give God the glory. We are solders up. Oh, are you a soldier this morning? Oh yes, we will rise. Oh, and shine. Oh, and give God Oh, we'll rise and shine. Oh, and give God the glory. Oh, we'll rise and shine. Give God the glory. We are soldier of the cross. Let's give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, arise and shine this morning. Oh, thy night has come. Oh, the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. The Gentiles shall come to thy light. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes. And every round goes oh high. You want to go higher this morning? We're free. Oh. Oh. Higher and higher. Oh. And then free round. Go higher and higher. We are sold up to cross. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift him up for the world to see. Oh, he said above. Be lifted up on high. I will draw men unto me. Oh, this morning. Lift Jesus high. Lift him up. Woo. Blurray. Hallelujah. Yes. Oh, praise him. Oh, he said, "Oh, be lifted up on high. I will draw all men unto me. Lift Jesus high. Lift Jesus. Lift Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Oh, to see. He said be lifted up on high. I will. Oh, one more time. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift him up for the world to see. Well, he said it high. be lifted up on high. I will draw men unto me. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, give him glory. Give him glory. Give him honor. Amen. Many amen. Give him a thanksgiving. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just praise him this morning. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He brought me out of the myy. Oh, let's lift our hand and praise him this morning. He put my feet on a rock to stay. He put my song in my soul today. Well, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Let's sing it. He brought me out. Oh, I've got my plan. Oh, and he put my feet on a rock to stand well. And he put a song in my soul today. Oh Lord, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh well, he brought me up of the mighty clay. Oh Lord, he placed my feet on a rock to stay well. And he put a song in my soul today. Oh Lord, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh well, he brought me out of the mighty clay. Oh, and he put my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. Oh Lord, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Let's sing a one. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay. Oh, he placed my feet on a rock to stay. Oh, and he put a song in my soul today. Well, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, one more time. He picked me up of the mighty clay. Oh Lord, he placed my feet on a rock to stay. Oh, and he put a song in my soul today. Oh, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Give him a shout. Lift your hands. Give him glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. He put a song in your heart this morning. Oh, he put a praise upon our lips. Oh, hallelujah. We're here to praise him. Oh, I sing Jesus never fails. Jesus. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away, but Jesus never fails. Oh, singing Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away, but Jesus never. Oh, testify Jesus. Jesus. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away, but Jesus never fails. Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away, but Jesus never fails. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, they believe it this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. You may have your seats briefly this morning. Amen. Just wanted to catch your breath this morning. Amen. We in the house of God. We're here to worship him. &gt;&gt; We're here to praise him. We're here to stay in the spirit. Do you believe it this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Give us give the Lord a hand of praise right now. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Jesus, at the mention of your name, every knee will bow and every thong tongue will uh proclaim that Jesus is Lord this morning. Are you here to worship him this morning? Praise God. Hallelujah. Is a privilege to come into the house of the Lord. A privilege to feel his presence. a privilege to be anointed by his spirit right now where you are as we begin to pray this song, why don't you just close your eyes and just lift your hands and there's anything that's bothering you this morning. If there's anything troubling you this morning, just reach out and speak the name of Jesus because at the mention of that name, every knee will bow. At the mention of that name, fear begins to tremble. At the mention of that name, demons get uncomfortable because Jesus is in the building. And when Jesus is in the building, the dead cannot stay dead. When Jesus is in the building, the sick cannot stay sick. When Jesus is in the building, oh how you can't stay in the same condition. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, they told Jesus, they said, "If you were here, my brother would not have died." Uh they know that if Jesus was there, oh he could not stay dead. Uh the dead cannot stay dead. Uh oh, come alive this morning in the presence of God. Uh lift your hands where you are. Begin to praise him all over. Begin to praise him for his goodness. Praise him for his mercy. Praise him for his life. Praise him for his light. Praise him for his sword. Praise him for his shield. Praise him for his angels. Praise him for his presence. Praise him for the pillar of fire. Praise him for pushing back the enemy. Praise him for every trial, for every test that you went through this week. Praise him for the ups. Praise him for the downs. Praise him for the ins. Praise him for the outs. Praise him for the morning. Praise him for the noon time. Praise him for the evening. Praise him for the clothes upon your back. Uh praise him for the shoes upon your feet. Praise him for the food upon your table. He brought you out. He made a way. He opened the door. He loved you when nobody else could love you. He found love in his heart for you. And he died for you. And he was slain for you on Calvar's tree. Uh that's not enough to praise him. I don't know what is. But I'm here to praise him this morning. I'm here to give him glory this morning. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Jesus. Glory. Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Lift your hand and say, "Oh, there is a name I love to hear. I love to sing. It's worth and it sounds like music in my ear. It's the sweetest name on earth. Jesus. Oh Jes. Oh, lift your hands all over. Sing oh at the mansion your name. Every knee will bow and John proclaim to Jesus. Wonderful Jesus who you are savior, you are Lord and you are God. When we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire in your heart and a praise. When we pray, consuming every thought because we know that the God we serve will make his presence known. When we praise, when we praise, when we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire in. Yes, Lord. Oh, hands of praise when we praise consuming every part because we know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we pray. When we Let's all stand this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, when we pray, let's all stand. When we praise, there should be a fire in your heart. Hands are praise when we praise. But because we know know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we pray. When we lift your hands and give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. you praise this morning when we praise, when we lift our hands. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Lift up your hands of weapons of warfare. Lift up your hands to battle with the enemy this morning. This is how I overcome. This is how I overcome. down on my knees with my hands lifted up and with my head bowed and with my heart open. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, consuming every part. That's the God, the God we serve, he'll make his presence known when we pray. When we one more time. Oh, when we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire in your heart and a praise. When we praise, consuming everybody because you know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we pray. when we pray. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory. Just give him praise. Lift up your hands. Lift up your voices. Give him thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. His anger is but for a moment. Oh, hallelujah. And his favor. There is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Joy cometh for the believer whose hearts are under expectation uh for their husband uh to come back home. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, oh, I want to be. Oh, just like you. Lift your hand and say, "Oh, I want to be Lord." Oh, just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like. Oh, I want to be. Oh, I want to be. Oh, just Oh, wherever you are, lift your hand and say, "Lord, I want to be Lord." Just get locked in. Close eyes. Sing to him this morning. Say, "I want to be just like you." Oh, just like I want to be. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like Let's sing it up. Oh, I want to be. Oh, just like you. Oh, yes. I want to be Lord. Oh, just like Oh, just like me. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like you. Just like I want to love. Oh, I want to love. Hallelujah. Lord. Oh love. Oh love. Oh. Oh. Just. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want to love. I want to love. Oh, I want to love. I want to live. I want to live just like you. &gt;&gt; I want to live. &gt;&gt; Just like you. &gt;&gt; Just like you. &gt;&gt; Just like you. &gt;&gt; Just like you. Just like you. &gt;&gt; Just I want to be more like you. &gt;&gt; I want to be like you. &gt;&gt; I want to be &gt;&gt; just like you. &gt;&gt; Just like you, Lord. Just like you. I want to be like you. &gt;&gt; Let's worship the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I want to live. &gt;&gt; Just like you. Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Have your seat. Have your seat and we worship. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, make me more like just like you. Just like you. &gt;&gt; Just like you. Just like, &gt;&gt; Father, we praise you. We bless your name. We thank you, Jesus. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for life. We thank you for your love. This our heart's desire to be just like you, to live like you, to love like you, to walk like you. to talk like you have your prayer message this morning in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. What a song. What a presence we feel this morning and we are grateful. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. It's good to be home. I know you were blessed last week with the message from Pastor Ulu the house that love built. Amen. Brother Steven Oliver sent me this testimony. God bless you brother. I have a small testimony. I was listening to uh brother Abraham's message this week and at the end he was praying for the sick and each time he was saying do you believe me to be God's prophet God's servant I asked myself for a moment why is it that he had to ask each person that questioned on my mind a bit but today God in his great love for me explained the answer in such great detail it could not have been a better explained it was truly God for the meeting every need through his word and through his ministry. So, praise God. He was really blessed with brother's message and also we had three baptisms last Sunday and I was very pleased how this unfolded in the absence of brother Isaac and I. God bless you all and was very happy to hear the report. Amen. Also want to thank brother Steven for overseeing the baptism service and for brother Adrian for conducting the baptisms and so on. You know when I was heard about the baptism and and out when we come back said not not at all the church have to move on. This is what we want to see. We want to see that nothing must hinder what has to be done. Praise God. Not the church is not built upon us. It built upon Jesus Christ the rock of revelation. Amen. Okay. So we also want to thank also for songs at the baptism service. Isaac was in Lagos Nigeria where he ministered church and also church. The Lord did bless tremendously. So last weekend I was in Miami two churches in Miami and I preached on the latter to fall and Another message the restoration of the person of Christ to the bride by now in the latter of the fall just want to read a quote from it. What is the seed of life? The word of God. Therefore for life you can't come through a creed. You can't come through a denomination. You have got to come back to the word. This thing church you go to tabernacle have nothing to do with that. You've got to come back to the word. Now the seed of life. All right. His word is a seed and his spirit is the water. So it's not just word word. The word is a seed but the spirit is the water. Right back to John 3:13. Jesus is the word of God. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to and he was to be busted open that life. So Jesus just just didn't die at Calvary and pay the price. His that seed had to break open that life could be released. And that's why you in this building this morning. Because his life is what reach you because no man could come except the father by his spirit pulls and draws and woos. So if the spirit had draw you can't come. If the spirit haven't drawn you, you cannot come. &gt;&gt; You can only come because something is moving you. Remember the devil pulling too. You know &gt;&gt; devil pulling downwards, God pulling upwards. &gt;&gt; So God pulling you to get you where you are. You might be broken, but he still got you. &gt;&gt; You might be wounded, but he still got you. You may have dirt and mud on you, but he still got you. &gt;&gt; He could clean you up, but he got you. Give the Lord some praises. There's no reason for anybody inside of here not to praise God this morning. &gt;&gt; Because he got you. &gt;&gt; Whatever condition is, he got you. &gt;&gt; He have your back. He got you. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Therefore, if the spirit of God comes forth to water the seed, if it's a seed it's watering, it will produce a life in the seed. Is that clear? It produce the life of the seed. And that's what is given for. Amen. And the restoration of the person of Christ by the bride by Malachi 4. God didn't say God didn't send a prophet William Brandham for us to be preaching William Brandham. That's not the object. Brandon Brham. That's not the purpose. He sent a prophet. A prophet is for purpose. No, as John the Baptist was sent to forun my coming, first coming. You have a message that was for on my second coming. God sent William Brandham to introduce Jesus Christ. Let me say it good. God sent William Brham to introduce the person of Jesus Christ. The Pentecostals only had gifts. &gt;&gt; They didn't have the person because the person comes by the word &gt;&gt; and the word is in that pyramid there. faith and virtue and knowledge and temperance that's Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So let me give you his own words here now and my inspiration in that message was from the prophet to his prophecy. People stuck at the prophet. What about the prophecy? The prophet that come to say I'm a prophet. I'm a prophet. I'm a prophet. You have a prophet. What are you doing with that? The prophet come to prophesy. &gt;&gt; You have to get from the prophet to the prophecy. All the time they were prophesying. Messiah coming. Messiah come. Here come John the Baptist. He said behold the lamb of God. And right there it switch from the prophet &gt;&gt; to the prophecy. &gt;&gt; Follow him. Who him? Jesus Christ. Oh give the Lord some praises. This is the words of William Brham. We are not building an organization. I am not here this morning to build an organization. Christ never sent me to build an organization. Christ sent me to build individuals to the stature of Jesus Christ that they might be a powerhouse and a dwelling place of the spirit by his word. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what God wants you to be. A powerhouse, not a dependent house, not a loose house, a slack house. &gt;&gt; I'm not hearing you. &gt;&gt; God sent you to be a powerhouse. Powered by the spirit, &gt;&gt; powered by the word, &gt;&gt; not we Christians. All these drones they flying on all these drones with Ukraine and attacking. These things are very accurate. You could be emotional about essay writing and thing at 90. You see mathematics, it have no mystics with that. Four and will still equal eight. You know, unless you say 4 is 44 like one. Oh yeah, I see in that. But 4 + 4 will always be 8. You know 2 + 2 will always equal four. You know it's 100%. You know this pride will hit the cylinders 100%. You know &gt;&gt; it's no mistake. You know seven is no mistake. Five is no mistake. Three is no mistakes. Five is grace. Three is perfection. Seven is completion. There's no mistakes in God mathematics. &gt;&gt; Seven churches. It's finished. &gt;&gt; Let me be seated. This bride age in is a mystery. You know it have no scripture say bright. You only have loud know but God pull you out on top of brotherly kindness. Have that Holy Spirit slot. God pull you out to put you into the Holy Spirit slot that you could be capped by the magnet of the Holy Ghost. Christ coming to take you up. Nothing loud is here. You have to come out of that. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's say again, Christ has not sent me to build organization. Christ sent me to build individuals to the statue of Jesus Christ. Not to follow some man, not to follow some church. &gt;&gt; Because this is the age of maturity. &gt;&gt; I can't say it here now. There's a whole message by itself. The reason the Pentecostals couldn't get the mysteries because he said they were begotten. You know what that means? They were in the womb. the baby born yet. Up to now with all the million dollar billers they have, all the million dollar congregation they have, all the thousands and thousands, they still failing and falling. They have no life because the life come by the word and the word comes to a prophet and they turn on the prophet. They turn on their life. They have church, they have million, they have airplane, they have this that everything you think about it and they still falling one by one. It has to fall, has to fail because man kingdom has coming down. Daniel say, "I see a rock cut out without the hands of man." What you about to see is without the hands of man. No message man, no message pop, no pastor man, no man at all. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Christ said upon this rock I will build. &gt;&gt; Look at me start here this morning. My church Jesus have a church. You know, &gt;&gt; that church is a kingdom and the kingdom is word and utter power. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the kingdom of God. And he is the head of the body called the church. No man, no head of you. Okay, the Lord has shouted the house. No man is no head of no pride and no man head nowhere. No American man, no Europe man, no African man, no South American man and no Trinidad man. Let me say it good in case they hear it. He say it good. No man in charge of this bride. He is the head of the body. Man can hold the church but not the bride. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You may be seated. &gt;&gt; These stars falling into the constellation back under that angel coming. I said and John the Bapt was sent to wind up the Old Testament and to bring forth the introduction of Christ. A message will wind up the loose ends and introduce the Messiah. just before his coming. Introduce who? &gt;&gt; Aha. You mean brother Brandham came to the Messiah? That's right. The Messiah came down in Revelation 10. The Lord himself descend from him with a shout with the book open. And seven thunders bust out them books. Bust out those voices. Those voices was loosed to gather the bride together to give the bride faith to show the bride how to be pure. That is only bright thing, not bride maid thing. bright thing. He come to get that bride. Go get that bride. There are millions of church members, but the bride is a minority. Hallelujah. Praise God. So, I was blessed to have to be in a ministers meeting over there also. So, praise God. Uh very happy for what the Lord is doing and we can only expect greater things. So, let's stand. We want to go into the word. One scripture. This is the first time I think I'm only reading a one verse scripture. So, Galatians 4:19, just one verse. My little children of whom I travail in birth until Christ be formed in you as God. Almighty God, we thank you for your word and your scriptures. I pray you come down in a special way on the people. I know what you have on my heart and what to share. I pray that you would honor your word this morning with signs, wonders and miracles and pour the Holy Spirit upon the lives of the children. Their lives be changed here be transformed that many come to hear. They go back home and all they do is hear. But I pray today you would arrest them that they go beyond hearing and they go to acting upon the word and receive it. Father in Jesus name I ask. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Okay. I got a a note from a brother a question I'd like to read for you. Greetings brother over in the precious name of Jesus. I pray that this correspondence meets you in good health and strength. I choose to write rather than speak so that my thoughts will be properly ordered and not come across as in the latter part of 2025. have been making it a daily habit to listen to a message from the prophet or to one of our church services in its entirety. Did you hear that I get because it say here I made it a daily habit. You see before it comes unconscious habit or conscious doing you have to consciously do it because habit actually produces character in life to listen to a message from the prophet or to one hour church services in its entirety. On January 19th, 2026, around 7:15 p.m., while searching through YouTube under the tab title righteousness, I came across a trailer for our July 2020 virtual convention. I allowed it to play to its entirety. Immediately after it ended, it transitioned into a sermon preached by you on May 15 prior to the convention. The title of the sermon was, "Let us cross Jordan to an open vision of another Ephesians." What struck me as unusual was that the sermon began playing from the middle of the service. From that message, what stayed with me most was that as Christian believers seeking to attain the crown of adoption, we must cross Jordan with no shortcuts. The central theme of the sermon was death to self. Early the next morning, I awoke with a question pressing strongly upon my heart. Is the approach to Jordan intentional or is it by conditions? This brought to mind the prophet's statement. If love does not get us desperate, conditions will. This question arose directly from what was preached in the sermon, particularly concerning debt to self and forsaking of certain comforts and desires of this life before crossing Jordan. Now, as the Lord Jesus said in Matthew 19:29, that every one of you that had forsaken houses and brethren and sisters or father, mother or wife, children or lands for my name's sake shall receive a hundfold and shall inherit everlasting life. The scripture I felt pressed to read that morning was Romans 8 in its entirety with verses 1 and 12 and 15 especially remaining with me. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage into fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." So my question remains or by intentional surrender and obedience. I also reflected on brother Brandham's experience with his first encounter with Jesus own only Pentecostal people when his mother-in-law warned him not to take her daughter among that. She considered such was extremely severe the loss of his wife and daughter. I will appreciate I would greatly appreciate your thoughts and spiritual insight on this question. Yours sincerely in Christ brother Shane Williams. I love this question. So when I got this question I said brother Shane I'll answer it but I want to read this for the church. So if so I have this here is crossing to Jordan by condition or by intentional surrender and obedience. So I want to answer this because this is important because of what I had in my heart to preach and this ties in straight perfectly. So let me give you the title of what I have here this morning. Title I have is when you are dying and Christ is coming to life. And the subject I have the age of dying out the death of a corner. That's the subject I have. Amen. The age of dying. I know there's not. So let's just answer this question. Is crossing the Jordan by condition or by intentional surrender and obedience? Joshua 1 2 and3 God speaks. Moses my servant is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan. Now we say in Jordan, but Jordan represent debt. Do you understand that? All right. Go over this Jordan and all this people into the land which I do give them, even to the children of Israel. Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses. That is the big print. Every place you put your foot is yours. Right? The fine print is later on. We're not going to read it. It says meditate on the word day and night to have good success. So if you read the the top print all is yours and everything that sounds great, that sounds good. But you have to always look for the fine print where you're going to meditate and you're going to think about these things. Isn't that right? And the other scripture I have from 2 Kings 2 and we know the story when Elijah told Elisha stay here and stay here and so on. But this these three verses here and Elijah said unto him t I pray thee for the Lord has sent me to Jordan. So the man say stay at Beta stay at Gal stay at Jericho and he said I'm not staying. Now that's a brother with revelation. He's not saying the prophet tell me stay here I am moving along. So he's still moving. He dead where he is. You have to move sometimes but you have to have revelation to move. And he had a revelation. He want more. Where that come from? Because Elijah took his mant and dropped it on him and pull it off. So something touch him. Something hit him and I hope something hit you this morning that you will want you would want more of where that come from. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you with me? So watch. Elijah said unto him, Tyrie, I pray thee for the Lord had sent me to Jordan. And he said, as the Lord liveth, as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And the two went on. And 50 men of the sons of the prophets went and stood to view a far off and there two stood by Jordan. So there's all people to witness your dying. There will always be people to witness your transformation. You're not going to be transformed in the dark. You know you No, no, no. There will be people seeing you dying that you're changing that your hot not the hot mouth not so hot no more about 60 amen on that one you wouldn't be rude no more you wouldn't be in discipline no more all right so watch this and Elijah took his mantle wrap it together smoke the waters and they were divided hither and they two went on dry ground here we goal battle Jericho Then Jordan, three steps then die. Luther, Wesley, Pentecost, and then the word the corner wheat. The instruction was arise and go over this Jordan. So it's not a question if we should die. We have to die. It's not taught in the message or preach much in the message. What you hear your bride and you the eye in the bride. I not nothing. The bride is the Holy Ghost punch. The bride have the extra oil. The bride is not the foolish virgins or the stupid virgins. Brother, some of the prophets said to Elisha, "Do you know your master will be taken from you?" He say, "I know it, but hold your peace." He said, "I like that. I am going to stay right with him no matter what the rest of them say. Elijah turned around and said no you t here for God is sending me to Jordan then go around speak this three places justification gigal sanification the school of the prophets and to the baptism of the Holy Ghost at Jordan where Jordan represents death notice Martin Luther John Wesley Pentecost and down to the Jordan dying out time so there's There are time for you to receive the word. There are time for you to die out. You start first with receiving the word and hearing the word. You because you see, you don't know God until God revealed himself to you. When Moses brought the people out, they had no clue who God is. Moses met God, not the people. The people were following a prophet called Moses because he met the pillar of fire. But God told them, "Bring them to this mountain that I could talk to them, &gt;&gt; that I could show myself to them, that I could prove myself to them. bring them to this mountain. &gt;&gt; Oh hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Therefore, when the Rexi was in front of Moses, Moses was supposed to know better because when God give you a commission, nothing stops it. Nothing could hinder it. Nothing could block it. So when Moses began to cry, he said, "Why cry unto me? Speak and move forward." &gt;&gt; And then the rest had to open up because God gave him a return ticket to that mountain. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the h God didn't give him a one-way ticket to Egypt. He gave him a return ticket. Go to Egypt and bring them out. Bring them to this mountain. Hallelujah. And God brought us a mountain. Mount Pyramid. Look at there. That's the mountain we come to now. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. The third stage is coming on. The church still follows on. Elijah Elisha followed Elijah down to the Jordan. Jordan the meaning of of se is separation or debt. You heard many times when I come down to the chili Jordan. Jordan was dead. The Lutheran age followed by so did the Methodist age. But we come to another age now. I never said this before. I'm reading the age of dying out. You see Wesley was dynamics to the Lorra. Pentecost was dynamics to the Wesley. Every time God come on the scene, it changes what was passed. So when the word come, the Pentecostal birth was nothing. God pushed it back in the womb because now the word is required. You see, you can't go back and build a ark from like Noah's day saying rain coming. Young people say out of timing them. That was for Noah's time. You understand I'm saying? You have to find out what is promised for this day &gt;&gt; and fight up with God's requirement for this day. And this day, God requirement is perfection. &gt;&gt; I want you to say amen. Right with me now. Right with me now. This is not church. Pentecost to Jehovah Witness and Baptist. That's church. We're talking about perfection. &gt;&gt; We're not even talking about salvation. We talking about redemption. Redemption is to bring you back to where you were before. &gt;&gt; It goes beyond being saved. It is going back to what Adam had. Let us make man in our image, our likeness. Let that man have dominion over the fish, over every creeping thing. You have to have dominion. Not on the other side. Dominion is not for the other side. Oh, get the Don't get me started this morning. Dominion is not for the other side. Love and joy is not for the other side. You have to have it here. You have to exercise it here. You have to display here. Goodness, graciousness. You're mean as the devil. You're stingy as Satan himself. You don't want to give nobody nothing. When you don't give when you go in your side, I will give. Who you giving to? Who you deceiving? I could love when I love your side. I hate it now. Blood capt you are to want to love your enemies. Therefore, you can't be gossiping about your enemies. Oh, God. She's the enemy. Oh, God. I thought you want to love your enemies. God set up the enemy's face of love. But you only complain about your enemy. Oh God, the enemy of God. Are you calling this one that? Stop it. Cut it out. Enemy. How you going to love that? Let me stick you now. How you can love God who you can't see and you have a problem to love your brother and your sister who right in front of your face who next door to you who behind you. You ain't want to shake the hand. Oh, don't get me started this morning. You know you have to do better than that. You have to get more mature than that. You have to grow harder than that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The age of dying out. Are you ready? All your worldly pleasures. God has got to do something with you in order for he could give you the Holy Ghost. You're going to die out and get dead. You don't die. You see, that is why the message will like Mary be it done unto me according to your word. They love that. because they have no work to do there. They have no work. That's nice baptis. Yeah. Why Mary had to go in the upper room? Because B say she had to die out, you know. &gt;&gt; She had to get all the price. She's the mother of Jesus and you know she had to sit down next door to Mary Magdalene who had who live with who and who had who and who had who. She say Mary and B hallelujah glory and so on you know. Oh God, don't get me here. Started here this morning, you know. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So you can't hoy and you're proud and you feel you're better than somebody. Yes. Spit them here. What? You don't care. Hallelujah. Who you think you are? You never fornicate. You never adulterate. You never not a word. But you never did. You never that that make you special. All have sinned. In case you're misreading the Bible, not some. All have sinned and come short of the glory. Behave yourself. &gt;&gt; Even if amen. &gt;&gt; Behave yourself righteous self. &gt;&gt; Behave your holier than thou self. &gt;&gt; Behave your Pharisee self. Go say amen. I still coming. I ain't done yet. I still coming. I still coming. I still come. I still on my way. I'm coming. I coming. I coming. I'm coming. God want you stripped. God want you on the cross. God want you humbled. Out of death comes life. Out of the death of Christ come the resurrection of life. And the only way you can tonight become alive of faith in God is die out to yourself and symptoms and everything around you and become alive. Die out. Die out to your symptoms. Die out to your circumstances. Die out with everything else and become alive in Christ. Sometime I was preaching about Isaac on Isaac planting in the time of famine. That just boggles my mind. Rain falling, you know. And that man dig up the ground and put the seed out. Anybody looking at him say, "You a mad man. We in dry season, famine." And he's still planting. But you know what? Isaac had faith. Faith doesn't make you look at the weather. &gt;&gt; Faith doesn't make you look at God. Because God controlled that. &gt;&gt; You see, we have a responsibility, as I said on Friday, to till the ground. &gt;&gt; We have a responsibility to put the seed. And only God could send rain. &gt;&gt; Man don't control rain. &gt;&gt; God does. &gt;&gt; That's why he said, "Your figures shall bring forth fruit, and I will restore, and I will send you rain in the first month, even the former rain and the latter rain. And it shall come to pass afterwards. I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. And your son, let them laugh. Your rain is the seed is in the band. Let them laugh. The seed is inside of you, but the rain is fixing to fall. When that rain fall, life will come forth. Hallelujah. Jesus already prophesied, "Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water." This key of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. We not crazy here. &gt;&gt; This is the truth. &gt;&gt; This is the word. But thank you for that question. Is it? But some people waiting for pressure. There some people like that. I not accusing anybody. There some people like to um study the day before the exams. Do you know who I talking about? I I know who I talking about. I know specific all the time during the months they study close exam time final week and and they're so gifted. You know the things the study has come amazing gifted the blessed lucky I'm not talking about but you don't have to wait for circumstances to act so I will take the approach of intentional word intentional means done on purpose deliberate like some people I wouldn't say they intentionally be wicked but they do things and they doing like if they intend to do it you did intend to do it plotting and planning and I mean I'm not in that area but intentional means done on purpose being intentional means making deliberate choices to reflect what is most important to Becoming intentional can help us maintain a positive mindset, reach goals, experience more clarity. It can also increase our focus and commitment and bring more purpose and meaning to our lives. That's the problem today. People are not focused. They're mind everywhere. They're not intentional. Something intentional was done on purpose. If a crime was intentional, it was no accident. Remember, if you follow Christ, you'll be hated by people. For all that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. If you come to Christ, you will not come by any church or denomination or creed. You'll come by the blood. That's the only avenue. You cannot bring no one with you. You will come alone and stand on your own confession and your own faith. You have to confess with your mouth. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ. You have to confess with your mouth your deliverance and your breakthrough and your healing and your blessing and restoration. You come as an individual when you come to God. And many times we make those foolish choices. Let me continue. What if Lot when he seen everything easy, he saw where there was money and popularity? We know the story. God called Abraham. Abraham bring along family and the blessing fall on Abraham family too. Family prospering or what not then fight among the horsemen. Abraham the bigger brother come and tell let's not fight. Let's let's say family we don't need that. Let us let us take take a part. You go to the east I go to the west. You you choose. God called Abraham and Abraham tell you choose. Abraham look the eyes. He look and see all the what's Sodom. He look and see all the wells. You see desert so you see what your eyes see now you see in desert so you see water and well towards so he start going this way say fine what he he because what he was a smart man what I've got faith in God I just go down into Sodom I'll make some extra money I become a great man make a wonderful preacher but you have a choice to make the ley have a choice to make but Abraham Lot didn't see his family breaking up Lot couldn't see his wife turning the assault. Lot couldn't see the secondary consequences of the decision to go to what sort of so many times our decisions and our choices have consequences that are far reaching. That's why I say ask God to lead you in your choices and decisions. Sometime the choices make it look hard but you make the right choice. It's the harder way. It's the narrow way. Sometime people mock that way and they quarrel and they try to put seeds but you stand with your choice when God lead you the way God leading you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. My son Isaac and Sarah say listen I recognize do your damn don't your damn. I either do or don't. I do as I feel led because you can't please everybody. Everybody looking to be pleased. I cannot please everybody. So I please no one. I pleasing God. As long as God is happy I am happy. Who vex loss? As you say, hux loss. Hallelujah. Anytime you're catering for others, your life will be manipulated. When you're catering for others opinion and ideas, your life could be controlled. But when you hold steady with what God has revealed to you, you could stand as a rock. I shall not be moved. How David said it. Do 10,000 fall on my right side. I shall not be moved. &gt;&gt; Look what David say. Can you come in here and get a fight with this one? A fight with that one. A fight inside here. You see a giant inside of here. Please don't leave without telling me and show me that giant. Don't come here and get fight. You know, get all your fights home and they come and come and rejoice. You fight with the deacon, you fight with the user, you fight with the preacher, you fight with the elder, you fight with everybody that people like that, you know, they come to fight. They not come for harmony. They come not come for fellowship. They come for faults. And if you want to live a false come to me I could show you. I will help you. I will show you all the falls. I know them. Yeah. I will help you. Come and see and all. Yeah. I will help you. I will escort you. Then you escort you straight out. If I can't understand people criticizing this preacher, criticize him, criticize, criticize it. But what they're doing, they're criticizing the preachers all around. So the people will tell theelves that man everybody else all he right everybody else wrong he's right because the people that's what cutting the mind this one off that one off that one off that one off that if Christ was doing like that when you see Peter so he Jesus was in the same vein of how we think he will deny me I want Brother, I ain't going to use Paul because you fight the church. God said, "My thoughts are not your thoughts. My ways are not your ways. People who you think not going to make it, they're going to make it. People you think wouldn't come, they're going to come. People you think God wouldn't deliver, God will deliver. &gt;&gt; I look how hard it is. Don't look at that." Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you for amen to that. You say amen to me. Amen to the word. The lady has a choice to make. I going to sit in church and everybody in tongues thinks is the best church and mayor of the city belongs to this church. But you still have to judge that church and its people by the scriptures. Notice this. Abraham the only thing he could do was to take a second choice. Sometimes the second choice is better than the first. I get two on that. Abraham could I take first choice. You know people just see one man just right now to get the front of the picture easy. I wouldn't call his name among world leaders and so Abraham could say listen God called me. I am the man that God has called Lot. and go behave yourself. Go in that corner there. And Abraham straightened Lot and put Lot in his place. You hear me? But what did Abraham do? Lot you choose. Give Lot first choice. Give Abraham second choice. And Abraham take second choice. And second choice are better than first choice. So sometimes stop complaining. I was the first choice. I was the first choice. Cut that crap out. I just read for you. Second choice is better than first choice because second choice put you in God's plan in God's program. Lot got messed up. His family got messed up. His wife turned a pillar of salt. Stop complaining. God saving you from yourself. Okay. The Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. But it only notice it wasn't long. Lot seen a big city. He didn't see his wife turn the pillar of salt. Though he didn't see the fire burning of the city. But Abraham took the way of the lost his wife. He stayed in the desert. So being intentional is living purposefully, deliberately, and in alignment with God's word and will. You get up in the morning, you're not doing poke, you're nothing. You can't wake up in the morning and start to figure out what you're going to do. Your planning should be the night before. I want to hear more amens than that. Your planning for your tomorrow day is supposed to be the day before. &gt;&gt; You can't wake up on Sunday morning to plan to go to church. &gt;&gt; Six. Amen. &gt;&gt; When you're living intentional, you have to write down things &gt;&gt; because your peanut brains are going to remember everything. I don't put nothing up there. Don't think I'm a joking because had something to get this morning. I put that inside my phone. He gave me an alarm because in my bag and if I come with it in my bag and I don't give it to him, I'll forget. But when it pop up, so I put it alarm at 10:00 pop up soon as they come in the office for you that done my brain too much to deal with. So I have this Google form. I just offload everything on that so my brain's clear to get fresh inspiration. I don't want my brain having a hole. I had to go to the bank. I had to go here. I had to visit once here. No, my brain I I don't my brain have all them things. Some of you know what that is for. Okay, this morning offload I remember the church was about six seven people and boy was pressure thunder said Lord Jesus I wouldn't say was terrorism but was quite a charact one day I said Lord Jesus I put it into your hands I offload them and after that never pick them up again for So being intentional is living purposefully, deliberately in alignment with God's word and his will. The opposite is living by reacting, acting by impulse, acting by feelings, emotions, drifting on the sea of life or just reacting. The Bible said lazy man. He said there's a land in the street. That's why he not going out. He pull the sheet over and take an X. Okay. So this is to live on purpose not by chance but by forethought. This is you choosing to obey. This is you choosing obedience on purpose not by chance. Choice is a great thing. In many things of life we have a given choice. The way of life itself is a choice. We have a right to make our own way. Choose our own way that we want to live. Education is a choice. We can choose whether we going to be educated or whether we are not going to be educated. That's a choice. Right and wrong is a choice. Every man, every woman, boy or girl has to choose whether they are going to try to live right or not live right. It's a choice. Choice is a great thing. And your eternal destination is a choice. And maybe tonight some of you might make that choice where you will spend eternity before this service might end tonight. There'll be one time if you turn God down many times. There'll be one time you will turn him down the last time. This is the line between mercy and judgment. It's a dangerous thing for a man or woman boy or girl to step across that line. There's no return. There's another choice we have in life. The life a life companion. A young man, a young woman stepping out on life has been given a right to make a choice. The young man chooses. The young woman has a right to accept or reject. It's still a choice on both sides. Both man and woman, they have a right to choose. And you have a choice as a Christian. You have a choice of the church. Choose any church you want to belong to. That's your choice. There's nobody can tell you or make you come to a certain church. That is our freedom. Every man can choose for himself. Freedom of religion is a great thing. Then he said his word, God, help us to keep it as long as we can. So when you choose this church, you can choose whether you were in this church, whether you will choose a church that will guide you to eternal destination. You can choose a church that has a certain creed that you might think that creed is just what you want or the other church has their creed. And then there's the word of God. You have a choice. You have to make that choice. There's some people love the church. There's some people love the word. The church people love the church. They love the pastor. They love everything and whatnot. They in church. They are the same as Catholics in the message. They are same as Baptist in the message. The Catholic they go they go and play the cannival. They come and get the ashes and they get normal normal. They go to church. They're not missing mass. And you missing mass. The people come, they smoke up the place and whatnot. They do all that ritual light and they smoke and they sing him and do things like that. People feel religious and Thousands go to that every single Sunday. I know I was part of it. I was an acolyte. All right. So you watching a here exacolyte. I come out and become I come out to walk in the light. Okay, here we are. So watch. I believe it was Elijah one time at Mont Caramel with the showdown. But there will come a time when you will have to make a choice. And you men here, he said the hour going to come or you're going to make a choice. You're going to either go to go to World Council or you're going to go into the denominational or you're not going to be at the nomination anymore. You're going to have to do that. That choice is coming soon. It's a dangerous time to wait till the last hour because you might take on something that you could never shake out of it. And you talk about the jubilee when the jubilee comes and the priest road song to go free. And people don't want to hear and go free. They had their ears bored and they could hear it and they can't go free anymore. Elijah said, "Choose you this day whom you shall serve. If God be God, serve him. If Baal be God, serve him." So I think I want to conclude there. So listen, Jordan crossing Jordan dead has to be intentional. When they was trying to press Jesus one time, she said, "My hour is not yet come." In other words, you can't touch me. You can't hold me. When his hour come, he said, "My hour is now come." Jesus whole temple changed because now he know he set out towards Calvary. So the first part of his ministry casting out devils, healing the sick, multiplying the bread and fish and so on, healing the people and so on, blessing them and so on. He knew he was on a mission. He knew this path was temporary. He knew it's coming to a purpose. He told the disciples privately if I don't go, the comforter will not come. I will not give you comfortlessness. I have to go. But I send him back something. I have to go for it to come. So don't try to hold me back. I have to go for it to come. If I don't go, it will not come. If I don't go, it will not come. You have to wait for it to come. Give the Lord some praises. So when he rose from the dead, he start to talk to them and tell them, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. carry in the city of Jerusalem until you get power from on high. You need power to deal with them devils. You need power to deal with your children. You need power to deal with that husband, with that wife, oh, with that family, with that boss. You need power to deal with them sex spirits and all them demons that have out there. You need power in your life. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord some praises. Then you come to church and be empowered. Let's go. All right. John 12 20-24 scripture. And there were certain greets among them that came to worship at the feast. The same came therefore to Philillip which is a basa of Galilee and desired him saying sir we worship Jesus. Philip comes telling Andrew again. And John Philip tell Jesus and Jesus answered them saying the hour is come that the son of man shall be glorified. Verily I verily I say unto you except a corner we fall into the ground and die it abideth alone but if it die it bringeth forth much fruit. So these people come to see Jesus and one is sealed. Why? They heard about it. So the hearing part wasn't the issue. Faith come by hearing hearing the word. The issue wasn't what they heard. They didn't come to hear about him or hear him. They wanted to see him or meet him. They came to the disciple and unlike these modern disciples now taking um let me tell you about it. But that's not what they did. He said these disciples representing the true five ministry bring the seeker to Christ. All right, let's go. He said, "Except a corner be fallen to the ground and die that alone. If you want to bring forth fruit, here we go. Die to yourself and your own man-made theology and be born again of the spirit and the resurrection." That's right. Get rid of that old spirit of selfishness and dryness that is in you. Take on new life. There are too many people just coming to church hearing and going back home. They're not even examining what they are hearing as a applied to themselves. When you hear this here old spirit of selfishness, you have to examine yourself. You have an antisocial spirit. Got to examine yourself. You can't mix. You can't. So, what happened to heaven? Heaven play. You up by seven heaven. mixing. Stay down here with that. That can't make heaven. You follow what I'm saying? So, we have to come out of us. You have to come out of your Trinidad thing. Some people love the train. I want to get on that a that terrible train. It's terrible train. Don't fool yourself. One man say that bride had perfected by train flesh. That come from the botless pit of hell. That the kind of demon doctrines of devils that was better in this message. Train that bride has been fed by train flesh. Flesh flesh. You're crazy. All right. Unless a grain of corn falls into the ground and rots. Unless a man rots to his own theology. Listen to this now. So they heard that God was using used this miracle work in Hebrew, God in the land. This is Greeks. So it attracted the attention to come to see Jesus. And notice usually the way that people want to find Jesus is to find somebody who knows how to take them to him. And if he ever chooses a servant, he always chooses somebody that will bring the people to him. We find that here we go. They brought they were brought into his presence. How much years of human preaching that this is what the people need to get into not into theology, not into mystery and all kind of revelations, but to come into presence. The fight is to get you into presence. In the Old Testament was dead to go in now is dead to be outside his presence. The churches are struck by the kangali with spiritual debt. That why they sit dead in church this morning. And the excuses the preaching mysteries and the preaching histories and revelation four hours burning out the people weary after that jars as a biscuit. No worship, no atmosphere, no moisture. And the prophet taught us it will take the water. The water the water is the praises. When you worship, you create an atmosphere on the seed that you're receiving. If you keep quiet, you fall in the amorph. You just fall asleep just cool, cool, cool. And an angel, some angel will come and find some air condition breeze right over you there. And your top lip got sealed up there and then your head just n day and no word going subconscious and you're dead as a don inside the church. Go and put a toothpick and open your eye. Go and wash your face and come back up or something. But start to give God praise and create atmosphere. You wouldn't do that in football. You wouldn't do that for cricket. You went do your house and you're watching cricket. You went be dead. Oh god. Goal or cricket or ball. I don't know football or whatnot. Or cricket or score or you know wicket. Wicket wicket. World Cup is people looking good. I say that thousand of people they paint their face. They paint the color. They they call it the flag and whatnot. They're in the spirit. They're in the atmosphere of it. When you come to service, you have to come to see your goal. &gt;&gt; You have to come to see Jesus score. You have to come to see miracles and signs and wonders. You have to come out of expectation. You have to come out of the excitement. Your hand all them in the stadium with your hand going so and make a look at the old noise. They don't know what they worshiping. But we know what we worship. We know who we worship. We know why we worship. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Let Jesus call that goal this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You come here with no plane ticket. You got to go and get no visa to go to America cuz you know the problems with the visa thing already right here. You can get in the atmosphere right here. Don't know what the preacher have to do with you. The woman with the blood issue wasn't bothered by all those big hulking men standing there with no faith whatsoever. She wasn't bothered by the sisters who come into gossip and mock and whatnot. She wasn't bothered by the crowd around Jesus. She was concerned that the blood issue need to be stopped. She was concerned that she needed a healing. She was concerned she needed a breakthrough and nothing was going to stop her this morning. Oh, give the Lord some praises. When you get that focus, when you got the determination, when you got that intention, she was intentional. Oh, glory look good. She said, "If I could touch the hem of his garment, I'll be made whole." Give the Lord some praises. That woman was intentional. &gt;&gt; She wasn't going by her feelings. She told herself something. And when she come to court around Jesus, If she was in the feeling, she say I'll come back tomorrow less unbeliefless people. Tomorrow wasn't coming. She said, "Today is the day." When she left the house, she said, "Today is the day. I want you to leave your house like that. &gt;&gt; I want you to come to church like that. Stop coming to church. Stay home. &gt;&gt; If you don't have an expectation, stay home. We don't begging you to be in your church. You come here by your choice. You come here because you want something from God. You come here to teach the pastor. You come here to explain nothing to the pastor. You come here to show the pastor nothing. You come here because you need help. You come here because you need a breakthrough. You come here because you need deliverance. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord some praises. I was expecting a better sermon than that this morning. You know, go with expectation. I'm not here to fulfill your expectation. So they brought them into Jesus presence not the vials wolves trumpets and when the man finish so that why Paul said I come to you not with enticing words because I don't want your faith rest on me I your faith rest on the power of God so I come to bring that you will impress my my my my explanation and revelation when your friends so I see I have been in meetings where people just shake their shake their head not because they believe Not not because they getting revelation. It's because unbelief taken them. They don't even know what the man saying. I see men I don't think they're conscious of it. They're scratching their heads though. Do you understand? Totally confused. And God is a God of clarity. If you ain't get nothing else, get this. God wants to get it to you clear. When you have clarity as a business person, as an individual, as a teacher, lawyer, what clarity is clear before you, you could effectively execute. &gt;&gt; But punch know if a mechanic doing something and he can't get through. He don't know what going on here and he get something and he unfold and what what it's clear. &gt;&gt; Break this nut, break this nut, do this, put this here, put this here. It's over &gt;&gt; because they get clarity. &gt;&gt; What did Habac say? Write the vision. Make it plain &gt;&gt; that you will reach and run. &gt;&gt; Not make it complex. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a shout. Make it plain. &gt;&gt; God loves clarity. &gt;&gt; Vision brings clarity. That why Jesus operate by vision. That Bible said without a vision you perish. Vision means you before it happens. &gt;&gt; This church is built by vision. What you see here was vision materialize. &gt;&gt; I ask you on Friday to say and repeat after me, make me a revival. &gt;&gt; Let the revival be in me. &gt;&gt; Revival for the church. You know, you you &gt;&gt; individual. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You're poor father, poor mother, poor husband, poor wife. But make me a revival. &gt;&gt; It will change your whole atmosphere around you. &gt;&gt; You were brought into the presence of Abraham. Just as soon as these Greeks was pointed to Jesus, Jesus did not point to himself. So why all these ministers pointing the church never say aha they want to see me I am you know I'm Jesus oh I'm so glad to meet you God bless you no Jesus didn't do that listen to this he did not make himself known to them because you cannot know Jesus in that way Jesus is known in that way but we see here in the scripture when the Greeks was brought up to Jesus Jesus. Here we go. And was in his presence. We're not talking about brought up to books and tapes and I believe the message. We're not talking about that. We're talking about beyond the word. &gt;&gt; We're talking about presence. &gt;&gt; See why we fighting for? That's why I say praise God, worship God. Because normally and naturally, you're not into that. You in your flesh, you're in yourself. &gt;&gt; You're in your human. &gt;&gt; But to praise God is to defy gravity, to lift your hand. Say, "Praise him." Praise him in the good time. Praise him in the bad time. Hallelujah. Praising is not about you. It's about who he is. Worship is not about you. It's about who God is. He's the object of worship. Hallelujah. Whether things working out or not, you're still worshiping. Then the God could say, "Look at them. They worshiping me regardless. They cut their pay, they worship. They lost their job. They worship. They get two flat tires and they're still worshiping. I have to bless that person. I have to back that person up. Let the angels go forward. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You think that farfetched? Let me tell you something. Don't the bros shaken. God didn't tell them how whism praying, busting the door open. They wasn't backst and show I raise their hands. I wouldn't ask that three times a day and they make a commandment because them jealous them fellas and them fell so blessed they want to out the light and when them fell the commandment bust it open let them hear him pray normal when they say we go send in the fire they say no problem they answer you know if you're not in the faith think about it a call this evening at 4:00 not fellow No call 4:00. He said, "We want to let you know we not go bow. &gt;&gt; We're not bowing down." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Take us one time. We not bowing down. Our God is God. He is able to deliver us. Listen. The angels heard it. &gt;&gt; Did you hear what I said? The angels. That means your words does bust through dimensions. Hey, your words move from natural into supernatural. The angels heard that. Brother Brandham said the angel controlling water said let me go down and next say I want to go down too. Everybody want to go down because that testimony rock in heaven we are not going to bow down. Our able God is able to deliver us. And if we don't deliver us we are not going to back out. Our God is able to send dynamics. Our God is able to send down fire. Our able is God going to send down miracles. We are not going to back down. We are not going to give up. Listen, you may be seated. It was so impressive. God has tell them, "Hold back, hold back, hold back. I going down myself." Hallelujah. I going down myself. And when they push them fellas in the fire, their bands were loosed and they saw a fourth man. They threw three men in the fire. They saw a fourth man in the fire. Oh, he said it looked like the son of God. When devil want to push you in his fire, God going to step into your fire. God going to step into your trial. God going to step into your condition. &gt;&gt; Come on saints, have faith in God. &gt;&gt; You may be seated. I believe the angels are looking in. I believe angels looking into this service this morning. &gt;&gt; I believe the pillar of fire is here. &gt;&gt; I believe God give us the uncction to function. Hallelujah. I believe God given us the uncction to speak. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I believe that God given us what to say. as soon as they were brought into his presence. That's the main thing. Get the people in his presence. I told his ministers in M right that I said I don't want to hear all the revelations. I want to hear what the prophet say. &gt;&gt; I don't want to hear no private revelation. God sent a prophet for me to bring a private revelation. God bring me God has sent me to do that. I dream last night and dream last night and that certain things I don't touch. I touching the star, the moon, the comet and I don't touch them things at all. They have enough external signs for people to fight up with. I want to know what's supposed to be inside are here. I want to know what is the bright sign. &gt;&gt; It have people food is on astrology and diet of of stars and Venus and Mars and where this is this blue blood moon and all kind. I blood moon, stars, water, then I might call them. Oh, Rome doing what? Putin doing what? All them doing the thing. I want to do my thing. &gt;&gt; The thing that God want me to do. Putin do anything. I got Trump doing anything. Anybody doing the thing? Trump say and back down. He could do that. We can't do that. God can't do that. When God says thing, he don't back down on it. He said, "My word shall not return unto me void." God don't back down when he said his thing. He said seven thunders of bright revival. He can't back down on that. Hey, glory to God. I don't care who don't want to say it. I'm saying it because you can find where it's written. You can find where it's spoken. Seven tunnels is the bride revival. That is not for the church. The church have no revival to get. But the bride, oh, give the Lord a shout. Those seven voices will be made known to the true church. Could I hear shout tabernacle? &gt;&gt; Glory. Glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Where there is God, there is noise. &gt;&gt; No noise. No God. Wherever Jesus is hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Give the Lord some praises. I am not ashamed of the son of man. Know his words. I am not ashamed of this message. I am not ashamed of this gospel. &gt;&gt; That's the main thing. &gt;&gt; What's the main thing? Get the people in his presence. As soon as in his presence Jesus said except a corner of wheat falls to the ground and die it's abide alone. What an unusual thing. Instead of accepting the introduction the thing he done was pointing them to the place where they could find him. He pointed them to that great truth how to see him. They could not see him in that eternal life standing there the way he was. He was a man. But he pointed them in his presence Christ. Oh, I now get it. Because the people not coming into presence, they're not seeing Calvary where they're supposed to go and die to see Jesus. So then they fall in love with the church. They fall in love with the doctrine of the church. The creed. That's the creed. You know, Catholic church have decreed that messes with the creed. You see? He pointed them there in his presence. Christ pointed them to the truth. He said how to see him was to go to the cross except a corner wheat falls. It abides alone. And if he did not die, listen with Christ now. If he did not die, he would have to abide alone himself. If he did not die, but him being the corner wheat that fell into the ground, then if it falls into the ground, it will bring forth an abundance. If it falls into the ground and die, first it has to be a germatized grain. That means have to be a grain with the spirit baptism in it to be a corner wheat. &gt;&gt; So first you have to identify what this corner wheat is. He said first it must be a Germanized grain or it won't bring forth nothing. But he had to give his own life in order to bring forth life. So Jesus wasn't just going across to die just to die for the sins of man. He was dying to release life. He said, "I come that you might have life and have it more abundantly if the devil only knew." What was Jesus was going to do? He was going to let Jesus die of old age. He was going to let not one blood drop a blood drop a blood fall from Jesus. But when he died and that blood cell was broken and the life was released, that life went throughout all the earth. Seven perfect spirits hunting them seeds. That spirit found you in Trinidad. Oh, glory to God. That Holy Spirit found you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He got a hold of me and he won't let me go. He got a hold of you and he won't let you go. Hallelujah. Praise God. But Abraham, he said, "Watch you." You say, "How could one grain of wheat?" Here's what happens. One grain falls in, it bring forth 100 grain. 100 G falls in, it bring forth a thousand grain. A thousand grain fall in, it bring forth a million. A million great falls in, it bring forth a badge load. On and on until it feeds the whole world. That is what he meant. If I live my life alone and when I'm reading it, think about you. Think about your selfishness. Think how selfish you have been all these years. Right now, selfish is like bloodstream running through you. Don't say amen now. &gt;&gt; I still coming. They not for everybody here. They for the selfish one among us. And you know who you are. &gt;&gt; You want me to come punch you out? &gt;&gt; I don't have authorities. I don't know what I don't know who selfish selfish. &gt;&gt; So don't get frightened about but you coming for me coming from me. Yes, you. The word coming for you. Don't believe me? All right. So here if I live my life alone and die this way and just live my life alone, there will be no fruit after me. But if I fall into the ground under the will of God, here we go. I will bring forth a new birth. And in that new birth, it will bring forth another with a new birth. another with a new birth until the whole world will be missionared and gospel preached. So he was showing that the death of Christ is what made a way for the 120 in the upper room. And when they died out, they made a way for 3,000 to be saved. And that is how it keep multiplying because they were genuinely converted by the spirit. When the Holy Ghost fell on Cornelius's house upon Cornelius, he said the Holy Ghost the The same Holy Ghost that fell on us fell on them. That man was never even baptized yet. He got baptized after he got the Holy Ghost because of his heart condition. His heart was right. His heart was ready. He was a given man. God recognized his giving. His gift of giving. The Bible said arms was recorded. And that man was never in church, never hear a spoke word, listen to a tape, read a spoke word book, but God sent Peter to him. Hallelujah. Let's go. You will never see him by joining the church. Some book of laws you keep, some creeds that you serve, you will see him when you die. Why is this not being preached? Because death does kill him. When you say die, you mean you man behind. He get to die. You know this dino one trying to kill you. What he pointed them to a place to find him. Hallelujah. Jesus at the cross where you are crucified with him. Today we try to find him. Everything we try to find him in church building. Try to find him in denomination. Try to find him in saying some creed. Try to find him by keeping certain days, obeying certain rituals. But we cannot find him till we come to Calvary. There we are crucified, fall into the dust of the earth and die to ourselves and then reborn again. Then we find Jesus. All right. Today they bring you to some other place, to some statue, some church, some organization, some doctrinal laws, but never get you in the presence of Christ. A real true disciple, here we go, church, would bring you right straight into the presence of Christ and from there Christ will show you what you have to do. Christ himself pointed people to his death and said, "Except a corner which falls into drunk, it abides alone." How different it is. You don't find him by doing better. I didn't anybody was bad last year but this year that's a big one. Your better is not good enough. Some people continue to do the best. They're not learning. They're not willing to shut up and listen. Some of you talk too much. You talk because you want to feel that you know and you don't want let people know you don't know. And you don't know what you don't know. So just push and listen and learn. Jesus said, "Learn of me." A lot of things you don't know. A lot of things I don't know. I am learning. I want to learn. I choose to learn. I choose not to be dull. I want to be sharp. Again, old. What that means? My mind not old. Not old I don't I if I keep anointing old man I look for a rocking ship by retirement rocking ship old what how old Abraham was the parents laughing behind the cars the cars are feeling old you can't talk that talk you have to talk purpose what God want you to do David said I was young now I'm old never seen the righteous forsaken Hush him out. Stop talking negative or you see beg bread. David said that. &gt;&gt; Find out about your purpose. If you have no purpose, take your exit. But find out about your purpose. &gt;&gt; You cannot cancel experience. We grow into where we are. We learning to where we are. We have been led into where we are. And God is want to take us further. Praise God. Praise God. All right, let's continue. All right, let me see what Peter 8 or 14. Christ is here in the form of the word and the word brings life because he is the word. Christ is the word. &gt;&gt; Are you ready? And when you die to yourself with Christ like a corner wheat, then the word lives in you. &gt;&gt; Therefore, here we go. In the seed's birth, the old seed must die before the new one can be born. Therefore, death is hard any time. So, we not saying that is easy. Nobody's saying I'm looking to dead and looking box. I buy a box. I look into dead. Jesus didn't say, "Oh, Calvary, I'm going down." No. Jesus say, "If if it's possible, let's go past." That that is human. That's how we supposed to put it. I tell my wife driving up, I remember mother when she was dead in the hospital, she complained about the kind of food, how the food tasted so terrible. In my mind I said but look at she and she be out and she a good taste in she mouth she them hospital food she don't want them hospital food and I watching my mother 90 something years old on the bed complain about hospital food so even though she's old she have taste in her not because you're old taste you looking like a strange maybe not old That is hard. It is painful. It is distressful. Birth is the same because you are bringing life into the world. It is painful. So that is why in the message sister Oliver they prefer this not this dead thing. They want to know the IR and the IR just a letter I inside. It sounds good. It sound like a nice catchphrase, but that is not the word. This is for you to think. You have a hot mouth. You know hot mouth is very quiet. That husband's on the maners with the white mouth. I accusing anybody and you feel your mouth is very powerful. But God looking at your mouth and God hearing your mouth. among us every dangerous time about somethingness. I said, "Yeah, I know." When I call it sting, but I know from before. That means that you have to see your temper, see your anger, see your short fuse, see your blood close to your skin and die. This has to be intentional. You cannot stop half all them half naked women on the streets. &gt;&gt; They wear all kind of things now. Totally insane. I said they mad. That's their business. My business to turn my head. You can't tell them wear long dress and dress neat and nice and sat and have them. If you want to look Sat and have you too, you have a choice. You have to be intentional of whether or not you will allow that to throw you down. Oh, give the Lord some praise to somebody. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We can't change the world, but we could change us. &gt;&gt; You could only be responsible for what you are responsible for. You know much time I get tempted to ask someone where nothing in your nose. I can't figure out the beauty of that. It's like it's like a a covering. I wish but I can't see a man walking half here. You pull it up here. Pull it up here. Pull it up. What kind of foolishness is that? You want but listen, you can't. They may cough you down or c you. You can't you can't do that. &gt;&gt; You have to leave them alone. Leave them alone. &gt;&gt; We living in dangerous times and you have to protect your spirit and yourself. &gt;&gt; If you trip at everything out there, you go nuts in. You will stay home and lock the door and eventually see a line out there. You go inside at all. But this is where Jesus give the example. He was plugged into man and plugged into God. And he prayed for the disciples that they are not taken out of the world but God will keep them in the world. I was in school teachers teachers was telling me over um all your Christian only want to um die and go to heaven. I said not this one. I said I want to overcome right here because they feel that Christians only want to escape. We going to glory going to heaven with no testimony. They will when we I mean that kind of die where you going. You have a testimony. Make sure before you kick the bucket. You got a testimony. &gt;&gt; Don't kick the bucket yet. You got a testimony first. &gt;&gt; Have a witness to the world. You shall be witnesses unto me. &gt;&gt; Give the Lord some praises. The seven C. Be a witness of God. &gt;&gt; I want to live for God. &gt;&gt; I told you on my job, the first thing I tell people is I'm a I'm a Christian. I wasn't living Christian privately in my job. I'm a Christian. There's a reason why I did that. I wanted to put my testimony on the line. I wanted to put my confession on the line. The girls will know. The woman will know. One girl want me to call you by your first name and I refuse. Miss you by you miss. You know to keep a woman for you because she want me call first name and I refuse. It's a choice. It's a choice how you conduct yourself as a man, as a woman, as a girl. It's a choice. And I see you put God first, God will bless you. You put God first, God will reward you. You put God first, God will make a way for you. And brothers wanted to find wife from don't do that. Don't go there. There's a brother testimony. He had a girlfriend outside or whatnot and he come to the altar and he put the girlfriend right at the altar then leave her right there. Walk out with the alter and leave her. She was outside. When she get out the altar, he see his future. So his future wife be outside and inside at the same time. That is hard. Let me close up. It will never be until every person that professes to be a Christian will forget his own ability and heal himself to God. And this is what brother was asking about surrender and being intentional. Then God can achieve his purpose by sending not a revival. What we need to do first is send a killing. He needs a killing of ourselves. This tabernacle needs a killing and me with it. This is brother Brandon speaking. All of us, we need a killing so we can be revived into new life. We need a place of yielding to the spirit instead of so much of schooling and programs and so on. We have to do that. He said I said that we have to surrender our souls and lives. That's the word where I've seen use surrendering intentional. watch. Surrender our souls and lives even to the housewife, to the farmer, to the mechanic, whoever we are, we got to completely surrender ourselves and know that we are nothing and let God start from there. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. So when we are in the flesh, Romans 7. Come on, please. The motions of sins which were by the law did work in our members did bring forth the fruit unto death. But now we are delivered from the law that made being dead wherein we were held and we should serve in the newness of spirit and not the oldness of the letter. Romans 7:18. For I know that in my flesh dwelleth no good thing. To will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good I find not. For the good that I would do, I do not, but the evil I would not do that I do. Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I don't do it, but sin that do it in me. I find in a law then I would do good, evil is present with me. So I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see another law in my members born against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Oh wretched man. This is all I am. Who shall deliver me from the body of this death? I thank God through Jesus Christ. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God or with the flesh and law of sin. So he's explaining in Romans 7 the battle that's in the carnal mind, the battle that's in the flesh. But when he go into Romans 8, everything changes. There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. So what is he saying? You can walk as a believer, as a person after the flesh, or you could walk as a believer after the spirit. What do you walk after? It's a choice. Hallelujah. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh. What for? That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilling us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Here we go. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh. But they that after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be connally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the connal mind is enmity against God. For it's not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. For deals in the flesh cannot please God. The corner wheat has to fall into the ground and die. I'm saying not only die but rot. I'm I'm finishing. So, as long as there's any human injections, human ideas, then God's germ of life, the Holy Spirit cannot work. You cannot be healed as long there's a fraction somewhere that is not rotten yet. He says, "You not only have to die, but rot." And then he explain what rot is. Rot is completely done away with. It is finished. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Your car divorce and have the flesh inside the cupboard in the cupboard there. You're going back to the old husband. Instead of cutting him off and bury him, they still have him there. So when things happen now, you go back to pull pull him out the closet. I thought you dead to him, but he's still alive. You have to die, brother. I'm going to skip down 12. All right. This is where I get the title from. Are we going to close this? When Christ was being formed in Mary, that is when the persecution set in. That is when the persecution started. When and then the scripture we read Galatians 4:19 when Christ the hope of glory is formed in you, Christ being formed in you when you are dying and Christ is coming to life. So in this age of dying out, you're seeing that there come a hour when you are dying and as you are dying, Christ is coming to life in you. When you are dying and Christ is coming to life, watch the persecution set in. Watch trouble sat in every hand. Watch the devil go on a rampage. When Christ is being formed in Mary, quickly came the king's commandment. Hallelujah. the full baby to be delivered right at the great persecution. Then he said these words here the baby have been formed for a long time in the womb. But this is the coming of the last days when the completeness when the fullness of the Godhead when the fullness of Christ is to be manifested among his people. Just the time that the church is beginning to get to its feet where the supernatural is beginning to work. They are going to try to stop this stuff. For all these years I've been telling you they are not going to close us down because we preaching this message. Because as far as they're concerned, that's not our group, not our church. But brother George, you know, when the church begins to get to its feet, when the supernatural begins to move among the church, &gt;&gt; then they're going to try to stop that. &gt;&gt; Not giving out books and giving out tapes and pressing play that stopping the church for that. When the same power, silver and gold have I none, such as I have I give it unto you. When that same power is manifested, when it vindicates the voice of God, which will be a manifestation of the prophet's word, when we can say this is that that the prophet spake of not press play, this is that you're pressing and playing. &gt;&gt; Okay, the Lord I shout in the house. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Death is what going to stop. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. I'm done. Praise God. Let's all stand and give God some praises this morning. Father, we praise you and bless you. When you are dying, what are you saying? Preacher begin. It means we have to come to that place that we see the reason for the death of a corner. You die, your family lives. You die, your loved ones because Christ will come alive in you. Let's bow our heads and close our eyes. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this truth of your word. Your word can't fail. Father, your word is true. Your word is sure. May anchor into every heart tonight. Have your way and bless him in a special way and commit their lives unto you. As we see when that woman came with an alabaster box and anoint Jesus and someone says, "Why didn't she sell it?" And Jesus said, "She's anointed me for my burial." He was anointed to die. Father, may a special anointing sweep inside of here this morning that people would look into their hearts and they'll have a desire to intentionally walk towards Calvary. Intentionally to say, "I'm sorry. Forgive me." Because to say, "I'm sorry. Forgive me," is a debt. It's a debt to admit that you're wrong. It's a debt to say, "Forgive me." It's a debt to say, "I shouldn't have acted that way. I shouldn't have spoken that way. I shouldn't have treated you that way. I'm I'm sorry. Forgive me and pray for me. It's a debt to do that. And only the bride will come to that place of full repentance and full surrender and full healing to you. Father, may they see is not by chance. May they see is not by condition. May they see intentional that we serve you. Intentional that we yield and surrender ourselves to you. Have your way with your people even now in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. Why you turn around and greet somebody in Jesus name in this world of sin. I am so needy. Make me pure. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless you. I am so needy. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. &gt;&gt; I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Share all my rights away in this world of sin. &gt;&gt; I am so needy. Lord, make me pure. Oh, I am so needy. So needy, Lord. So needy of you. Oh, won't you lift your hands and sing it? I so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Sher, share all sher away in this world of sin. Oh, I am so needy, Lord. Oh, make me beyond within. Oh, give him praise right now with your with your whole heart. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, I am so needy, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. I need more of you. More of you in my life, Lord. More of you in my walk, Lord. More of you in my words, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Melt and mold me, Lord. Shape me, Lord. Father. Oh, I want to be cut, Lord. I want to die out to myself. Die out to my reasoning. Die out to my feelings. Die out to what I think is right. Die out to what I think is true. Lord, let me live what you want me to live, Lord. Forget everything else. Let every word be a lie. Let my Let God's word be true this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, is that your prayer this evening? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh, lift him up and say my heart. Oh yes, Lord. Oh my heart, oh Lord. Oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus. Oh Lord, I want with all your heart want to be like Jesus in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart. Oh, in my heart. Hallelujah. Oh. Lift your hands and say, "Oh, I want to be." Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart. Give the Lord one more shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. I want to be like Jesus. Oh, help me walk like Jesus. Oh, I need your spirit, your power, your presence, your anointing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me walk right now. Hallelujah. Oh, let me live. Oh, like you want me to live. Oh, I want to love like you taught me to love. I want to forgive like you showed me how. Oh, to be like Jesus uh in my heart, not in my flesh, but in my heart. Change me, oh God. Uh let the power of God uh come into you this morning. Let him change you. Let him transform you today. Lift up your hands and worship him all over. Give him glory. Give him a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, I worship you today. I give you all the glory, all the honor. Oh, I give you all the praise. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, for Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh, can we give him a praise offering this morning today? Oh, hallelujah. when you are dying and Christ is coming to life. Are your pastor brother over this morning? You appreciate the message. Amen. What a word in season. Oh, we thank God this morning. Why don't you turn around and greet someone next to you? Greet your brother, greet your sister. Encourage somebody. Amen. Amen. Let Christ be alive in you this morning. get ready uh to bring the tithes and the offering. Uh we want to offer with a prayer for it this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. Praise, glory, onward Christian soldiers marching on to war. Amen. We'll sing a chorus of that. Amen. As we pick up the ts, the offering, let us bow our heads. Amen. As we ask God's blessings, heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, for your hand of provision in our lives. Lord, we acknowledge you, Father, today with grateful hearts, Lord. We bring tithes and the offerings into your house, Lord. We pray you bless it, Lord. May use it for the furtherance of your gospel in this uh this church there, God. And may you bless all our efforts, Lord, for the kingdom of God. We multiply these things for Lord your use, Lord. Father, we pray you bless your people as they give. You also Provide for them, Father, and bless them, Lord, and open doors for them in ways that we cannot do. For you are the God that sees all things and judge rightly, Father. Bless these things we pray and ask Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And amen. Praise God. So, as they hand it out, let's sing that song on what Christian sold maring as to all. Oh, with the cross of Jesus. Going on before what Christian soul just marching past has to all. Oh with the cross of Jesus going on before. Oh, what Christian solders maring as to all with the cross of Jesus going on before. Christ our royal master leads against the f forward into battle. See his banners go and not what Christian soul just marching at to all. Oh, with the cross of Jesus going on. Oh, like a mighty army, like a mighty army moves the church of God. Brothers, we are treading where the saints have drawn and we are not divided. All one body we one in hope and doctrine, one in charity. Well, what Christian song just marching has to walk with the cross of Jesus. Oh, going on. Oh, one more time. Well, on what Christian soul maring as to all. Oh, with the cross of Jesus. Oh, going on. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. On what Christian solders marching as to all. Oh, with the cross of Jesus going on before Christ the royal master leads against the f forward into battle. will see his battle go. One more time. Hot Christian. So just watching as to oh with the cross of Jesus. Oh going on one more time. Oh well on what Christian soul maring as to all. Oh, with the cross of Jesus going on. With the cross of Jesus. Oh, and with the cross of Jesus going on before. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, are you Christian soldiers today? Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Okay. God bless you, church. You're happy to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. You appreciate the message. You appreciate the service. Wonderful. Well, it's certainly great to be back home in the house of the Lord. And it's certainly great to see the church on fire for God and looking for God to continue to do something tremendous in our midst. So we have some notes of praises. Uh good morning saints. I'd like to give thanks for prayers that were offered for my sister for medical condition. She has recovered and was discharged the same evening from sister Nai. Thank God from Sister Crystal Sabu. Greetings saints in the precious name of Jesus. I'd like to thank God for his faithfulness and his protection. This morning around 2:00, I heard my dogs barking. When I looked outside, I saw someone stealing three of my goats and a sheep. first uh uh just bought we were calling the police and not getting through and we called a police officer friend of ours. He called the police on patrol and they came and found the animals in the savannah near us. The thief saw the police and ran. So I'm grateful to God for the safe return of the animals and for keeping us safe as well. Amen. And that's not something to take lightly because in this time of home invasions and people coming on in the area. So to know that the hand of God is is not too short to protect. He is more than able to preserve. We have a reason to thank God this morning. Keep playing something. So hopefully we have uh two prayer requests from sister Richardson requesting prayers. Saints please pray for me. I'm not feeling well and thanking God for answered prayer from sister Greetings in the precious name of the Lord. I'm asking for prayer for healing and deliverance from a chronic lower back pain. Thanking God for victory, believing that it's already done. And if there's anyone here this morning you want to show by raising your hands as we approach the throne of grace with our requests, with our needs, spiritual healing, natural, it doesn't matter what it is. He is still a the great physician. He's still a way maker. He's still a restorer. He's able to break chains. He's able to break shackles. Shall we pray? Oh heavenly father, Lord, the word has gone forth and the word is sharper than any two-edged sword. Father, Lord, the word clears the pathway for the spirit to move because through the message of this great Elijah prophet, we have the fullness of the restored word which gives us divine access to the fullness of the power with the word being the conductor of the spirit. So we are father looking for your grace and your mercy upon your people. We have stood behind this sacred desk so many times father Lord and seen prayer requests become notes of praises father. So Lord, we bring Sister Sister Richardson before you. Lord, she's not feeling well. And Lord, she's reaching out to El Shadai. She's reaching out to Jehovah Gyra, Jehovah Rafa. She's reaching out to the great physician this morning. Lord, you said you are the God that heals. So Father, may you, Lord, perform a work of healing upon your daughter this morning. Lord, for Sister Esther Root with that chronic lower back pain. May today be the last day Lord of that back pain. and we come against it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. He said there's power in the church of the living God over every sickness, over every disease, over every attack of the enemy. The enemy has been given permission to attack, but we also understand our authority to repel every attack and to push back the very onslaught of the enemy. So with the power vested in us as the church of the living God, we declare healing upon your people. We declare Lord deliverance upon your people in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Satan, take your hands off of God's property today in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, for every hand that was raised, Father, every need that was elevated, Lord, every request that has been made, Lord, either articulated or in the depths of the souls of your people, Father, may you answer the cries of your saints, Father. Lord, may you touch each one, every brother, every sister. Lord, every Caleb, every child, every mother, every father, every mother, every daughter, every granddaughter, Lord, everyone here under the sound of our voice this morning. May every request come back as a note of praise. And may you bless us, Lord, as we prepare to transition to the question and answer service. May you be with us, Lord. May you be with your church. May you be with your people. May you touch our pastor today, Lord, standing behind the sacred desk. Father, may your anointing, even your aos presence, even the shikina glory, even the pillar of fire drop down upon him even now, Lord. And may you, Lord, get glory and honor to your name, Lord, in the precious name of Jesus Christ. May you bless us, Lord, as we transition. And Lord, maybe there's someone who needs to leave, Father. May you be with them and bring us back at the appointed time in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen and amen and amen." You may be seated for a few announcements. Before I get into the announcements, I want to try to do something a little different. Uh we at the end of the month of January, if your birthday was in the month of January, I'd like you to stand. If your birthday was in January, during the month of January, don't be ashamed. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. All of the January birthdays either has been celebrated already or about to be celebrated this month. and we want to sing happy birthday for you. And I want to follow that song with never grow old. So happy birthday to you. Happy birthday all of these believers. Happy birthday to you and never grow. Hallelujah. Never grow. We're going to a land in a land that will never grow. You believe that? One day you won't get old anymore. Oh, never grow. Wonderful. Let's put our hands together for all of those who celebrated their birthdays in January. You may be seated. You know, there are some of these things we don't ever want to take for granted. You know, there are people who did not make it to 2026, and we thank God that we are here. We're in the land of the living. And as much as we have trials and testings and oppositions and problems, we will still, if you count all your blessings and name them one by one, you could see what the Lord has done. Your blessings will always outnumber your trials, your testings, your obstacles. Your blessings will always outnumber them. So by the grace of God, we'll keep switching things up. We'll keep the enemy guessing. You know, he wouldn't know what coming next because that's who we are. We are we are creators. We are born to create. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Wonderful. So I would like to welcome Savian. I believe it is Savian Campbell to the Habac this morning. God bless you. Welcome. So happy to have you. I trust you have been blessed. Trust that we were able to put a smile on your face and that we could extend a right hand of fellowship that we are called to be oddballs. We are unique bunch of people but the random taught us that we are oddballs. So forgive our shouting and our jumping and our smiles in the midst of our trials. is our genetic makeup because our genealogy traces back to God. So, so happy to have you here and welcome by the grace of God. I have a note as well and uh as Bovit said, we were not here last Sunday for the baptism service. Um but it was such a tremendous blessing and I saw some of the videos from it, but we already have uh another candidate um who is ready for baptism. I don't believe he's here in the tabernacle today. But it we will have a baptism service coming up soon in February, but we want to acknowledge that brother Elijah Holder, 13 years old, after having a conversation with our elder, brother Terren, is ready to be baptized. So, we are so happy that God is still calling and we look forward for the next baptism service uh tentatively. It's scheduled, I believe, for the 15th, but Anthony, we said the 15th. Is that Sunday? It's the 15th of February. So if there's anyone else who wants to join that baptismal service, certainly speak with one of the ministers or elders so we can uh facilitate that in the baptism service uh right after this service straight away uh being expeditious with time. We want to go directly uh into our question and answer service. It is the first uh of this year and by the grace of God we want to have a number of them. We have quite a number of questions. We uh will not be able to get through them all, but we invite you all to stay um and be blessed by them. And of course, service continues this Wednesday live at the tabernacle. And this coming Friday, uh we will have Bible study for or next week. Yeah. This this coming Friday, we'll have Bible study by the grace of God. This coming Friday and this coming Sunday, we'll have uh double service will be the first uh of February. This coming Sunday maintainers group four is scheduled for today and next week Lord willing group two is carded uh to serve which is about a Joel Straer's group. So I believe I got all of my announcements. So may the Lord richly bless you. So, we are going to transition uh the technical team over
