################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-23 - Give The More Earnest Heed To The Things Which We Have Heard (Prayer Meeting) - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-23
Title:    Give The More Earnest Heed To The Things Which We Have Heard (Prayer Meeting) - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Prayer Meeting
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M2MAfRewRY
========================================

Description:
This exhortation was given on Friday 23rd January 2026
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
in progress. &gt;&gt; We want to start tonight in a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads as we uh begin tonight as we bow our heads and ask God's blessings upon us tonight, Lord, for the service and everything else committed in the hands of the Lord tonight. So, let's bow our heads and pray. Almighty God, we thank you, Lord, to be gathered in your name, Father. Lord, we thank you that we could connect this way, Lord. And we want to Lord get ourselves into the spirit of the Lord and begin to Lord, separate ourselves from everything else, Father, every other distraction, Lord, and get that locked in with you tonight. We pray, dear God, that you would bless each and everyone as they would begin to call themselves aside now for prayer. Lord, we seek your face tonight, Lord. We know that you alone have the answers, Lord, Father, that we seek tonight. So Lord, we commit, Lord, this prayer time into your hands, Father. This service, Lord, this this time of prayer and worship and praise and faith and the word, we commit into your hands tonight, dear God. And we pray, Lord, it will be a great blessing for us all, Lord, Father. We all need you, Lord. Lord, we bring our needs before you, Father, knowing that you will provide for our needs according to your riches and glory. May a blessed time of your word being spoken to us tonight. pray it'll be a a a great inspiration tonight, Father. It will help us to key in, oh God, Father, to the season and time in which we're living in. Dear, God, we carefully give you all the praise, honor, and glory tonight. And we have a great time in your presence tonight. In Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Why don't you just give him praise tonight and just give him glory? Just give him honor. Begin to thank him in your own way. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Glory to God. Oh, we love you tonight. We praise you tonight. We give you glory tonight. We give you honor tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about the master save like a fragrance after the Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Heat. Heat. Just Heat. Heat. Oh, give him praise tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, call his name tonight. Oh, lift up your hands and call his name tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. For whatever you need tonight. Oh, glory to God. Oh, Jesus. Heat. Heat. You can make just everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You can just ask everything. He's already tonight. Oh, everything you need, he's provided tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Everything you need tonight. If you need healing tonight, he's already provided. If you need us tonight, he already provided tonight. You can claim just asking his name. Everything you need. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. on the father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good. And through it all, he's always there for me. God's been good to me. Oh, I have known the father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. It's been good to me through the storm, through the night. But what made everything will be all right cuz I have a father care for me. has been all the care for me. He's been there. He's been there. He's been there through it all. He's always there for me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, God. You are God. You are you serious prayer. Oh God pray. Oh, God answers prayer. God answerers pray. He so good to me. Well, just praise him right now on your way tonight. He's so good. He's so good. Oh, God. He's so good. He's so good. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Uh let us tonight bow our heads for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for guiding us together. And it's such a great honor and privilege that we could gather around this end time message. And truly this message give us spiritual inter insight into what has happened, what is happening, and what is about to happen. And father, you said that this bride will be a haunted, persecuted group. And even right now, Lord, the American experience is unlike anything that they've ever seen before, even to their own people. And Lord, they just have a prelude of what is yet to come. The bride will be a hunted, persecuted group, Lord, that they're going to close the churches down. All these things are yet to happen. And here we are gathering around this word looking to be empowered, looking to be strengthened, looking to have Lord what it takes to face the challenge of the hour. Because that is what the message came to prepare us to deal with challenges, not to back down, not to give up, not to let go, but to hold strong and to hold the line. So, Father, bless this exhortation tonight, what will be shared. God, you know what's upon my heart. And I pray that you'd bless it and inspire this to the people right where they are in their homes and that the presence of God will minister to them right where they are. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you and thanks for being here tonight. Uh it's a privilege to be in this position that we could share God's word. So if you have your Bibles, I'd like to take two portion of scripture. one from Hebrews chapter 2 1 verse verse 1 and Hebrews 6 11 and 12. These are the scriptures we're going to use tonight. Begin to start it off with Hebrews 2:1 reads, "Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, least at any time we should let them slip." Hebrews 6 verse 11 and 12 Paul speaks and we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end. that ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. Now this last verse here, followers of them. In other words, imitate them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. May God bless his word. So tonight I have a title that I've titled this give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard. It means to take an extra air to take extra a conscious intentional mind to what what you're hearing. You know the Bible speaks about don't be a hearer of the word only but be a doer. What that means? There are people that just here. They love to hear. They're not in the doing part. They like to argue, debate, hear, respond. Abraham use a word. Satan is the greatest sophist or the biggest argument, debater. That's what he is. But the part I want to get to tonight is that be not slutful. Slutful. What does it mean to be slotful? Bible called that word slotful. That word slotful means lazy. Someone who is slotful is lazy and unwilling to make the effort to work. So it's lazy, idle, inactive. Slutful goes beyond physical laziness. It includes spiritual negligence, lack of discipline, and failure to act when God calls for obedience. Don't be slothful. And I'll keep saying it. I've said it over and over. The people in this message now have grown to become entitled. And when you are entitled, you can't really be grateful because you want more and more and nothing is enough because as far as you are concerned, this is what you're supposed to have. This is what you're supposed to get. So if you are entitled or feel entitled, you wouldn't see the need to press, to push, to labor, to sweat. And brother Abraham, he used this scripture, taking heed, and he used this. Oh, may God drive that home in this tabernacle this morning. He says, we ought to give the most earnest heed. What type of people ought we to be when we see the great Jehovah come down and do the things that he does and see them compare scripture by scripture that they're the truth and we sit around sometimes like warts on a log just so unconcerned. We ought to be busy every minute trying to get people to Christ. We ought to be lively stones. We should never be slotful like we are. We'll go to church. We'll see the Lord Jesus do something and bless us in such a way. We'll go back and say very nice meeting. So he's dealing with an attitude at that time in the brand of tabernacle that people were seeing things and say very nice meeting because afterwards they get accustomed to it. They get all the miracles, all the healings. They get accustomed to it. And afterwards, people sat so long in this message. They're accustomed to hearing mysteries, hearing long talk, hearing revelations, hearing informations and knowledge and word that the training now is to come to hear more, get more information and so on. Now listen to this here. Now the preaching of the word, we enjoy it, but that's not the main thing. That's not listen, we should not worship the Lord just after we get through preaching the word as we usually do. Just worship him. That's wonderful. But we should worship him every hour of our life. When we are at work, we should worship him. Every time the opportunity presents itself, worship the Lord by testifying of him. If you see some of you ladies see a woman in the wrong, worship the Lord by taking her and saying, "Sister, there's a better life than this." You men at your work, when you hear a man using the name of the Lord in vain, get a chance to one side, slip over, take him by the hand, and said, "There's a better life than this." You shouldn't use those words. Tell him in a meek, gentle way. All those things is a worship. So he is showing here that worship is beyond coming to church and raise your hands and praise God and you raise your hands. It's beyond that. And when we see someone sick and the doctors say that there's no more can be done, we ought to worship the Lord by telling them there's a God in heaven that answers prayer. Brother Brandham was speaking. Should I read this tonight? And he's talking about a guy who let me see. Okay. All right. I'll just keep we need to go back to the power of God and something that can do the same thing today. Persecution always gives strength to the church. We have had it too easy. We get slough. We get to a place when we don't want to move on because everything is just handed to us. Then he said these words. Are you ready? It takes sorrow and tears and sweat and prayer and faith and promise to move forward in the power of the Holy Spirit. And as your pastor, what I want to see is the church move forward in the power of the Holy Spirit. We can't look back to how it has been. We have to look forward to what God promised. And this is what he said, what it takes. It takes sorrow and tears. And this is where a revival get birthed. A revival get birthed in humility, in repentance, in acknowledging your sins, in putting away sins, known sins. This is where revival fires get a hold. Praying at home, you're putting the Lord to be in front of you. You're putting the Lord to be David said, "As the Lord at my right hand, I shall not be moved." Before you go here, before you speak, before you act, you ask God to intervene and be present. Let me say it one more time. I don't much mysteries people preach and revelations and who high and who is on top and who is the main man and who figure out the man of the hour, how the message of the hour, all of that. It takes sorrow and tears and sweat and prayer and faith and promise to move forward in the power of the Holy Spirit. That zeal and power that they had in those days has long time vanished from our assemblies. I'm afraid if the windows would be shut out at night, people would run every way and never come back. He was talking, this is what I didn't read before. He was talking about when they were running when the Pentecostal move and the Holy Ghost and was running them from from from country to country, from state to state and there was a time a group of people come up and shot through the windows with pistols and rifles and the old an old sister standing there on the floor with her hands up in the air praising God while the windows was being riddled with bullets from rifles and the bullet struck the woman dressed and fell to the floor without harming her. So this is before they could do anything in Hollywood to show bullets falling off and you're protected. This was Holy Ghost protection. And brother Brandham said, "I'm afraid if the windows would be shut out tonight, people would run every way and never come back again." Then he said this here, but human beings are so thoughtful in their mind that it takes an emergency. Something arises and when they do it throws them into desperation and really in doing that in desperation it brings out real thing that you are. It shows what you are made out of in the time of desperation. It usually pulls out all the good things that is in you. So listen friends, we talk about revival not because God promised a bride revival, seven thunder bride revival. This is exclusive bride promises. They're not for church members. They're not for church folks. This for people who's just in the message. This is bride. You say out of a true group of the of the true word who represent Christ with a beloved bride. So the bride comes out of the church in this message. There is a church and there's a bride. The bride is pulled out of the church. So coming out of spiritual dryness, God want to begins a move. And I believe it has started. I think people are coming to themselves and it has to come with brokenness, with humbling, with repentance, a hungering for God, persistent prayer. The wealth revival came after years of prayers by the churches and the emphasis was repentance and holiness and surrender to Christ. The Isuza Street revival from 1906 1909 the emphasis was the baptism of the Holy Ghost that came under brother Semo and coming to the end point I call it of the regular church routine because this is what it is now church on Wednesday church on Friday church on Sunday whatever day and people just go in a regular routine but we have to come to a place as individuals where you have a dissatisfaction with your own behavior attitude your own self and that you could come to the place where you have a expectation that God can move and God will move. Not just coming to hear the word but you're coming to see God move. You're coming to expect God to move. A willingness in your heart to obey the word because this is what we see in people not acting upon what they hearing. a willingness to obey the word, to obey the Lord, to obey the spirit, and let it go of pride and personal agendas. Like I said Wednesday night, I'm not there to confirm your dream or your vision or God tell you and what not. That is not what I'm there for. You can't confirm God. God confirmed his word. When a church, as the prophet said, is believing that the Holy Spirit is just as real as it was at Pentecost. We know the quote, custom quote. Listen to this friends. Revival comes from God. Revival comes from God. And prophet said no man, no minister could bring a revival. So I wrote here, the farmer can prepare the ground and sew the seed, but God sends the rain. You'll be a fool not to prepare the ground. You'll be even a bigger fool if you don't sow the seed. Because when the rain falls, what will it fall on? And the ground I'm talking about here is your heart. Who is responsible to get your heart ready? The Bible said his wife had made a herself. But what I'm saying here has nothing to do with church. Nothing to do with church. Doesn't matter what church anybody believes because Jesus explained this in the very first parable that he presented. Some fell on the wayside. That's a heart. Some fell on rocks. That's another type of heart. The first is totally unprepared. That's wayside. The second is partially prepared rocks short for a while and then dry up. The third thorns were vines tied up, tangled up, choked. And the last ground, good ground, he calls it, bring forth fruit to perfection. So these four groups are in the message. These four groups are here in go a prophet and what the brother Ram say. These are four groups within churches. These are four hearts within lives. You have a particular heart here tonight that fits into one of those categories. Wayside, stony, thorny, and good ground. Listen to this now. But Brana, notice something about Mary. This is Mary who see be done in accord. She did not wait till she was positive. She didn't wait till she felt life or some physical sign that she was going to have a baby before she said anything about it. She took God's word. Here we go. God word was good enough for her and she started rejoicing right away. So tell me something. If there is no rejoicing, if there is no worship, if there's no atmosphere, what word people taking in, it doesn't make sense. This here is what God says. If you take the word, you will start to rejoice, not complain. Because complaining does what? Weakens your faith. What complaining does? Hinders your faith. And everything of God is of faith. So the devil want you to complain, want you to be angry, want you to be upset, want you to be, hear me, hear me tonight, triggered. And if you are easily triggered, that mean you could be easily manipulated. Because when you are triggered, you wouldn't say the right things and you wouldn't act the right way because you're under a pressure by the trigger that trigger you. You have to get over that. You have to come out of that. And then brother Abraham said, "Oh, evangelist temple, if you people here tonight, you know it's the will of God to break forth here tonight. You know it's the will of God to send a revival in this tabernacle tonight. God give the promise. I've been asked to stay over another week. I've accepted it to stay another week because I Mary didn't wait till she was positive. She didn't wait till she seen a physical sign. Mary could have waited till she had come to a sign she was going to be a mother. You could wait after the meeting over until you feel that you could move your leg and you'll feel a little better or you could hear a little better from that of that death or the cancer seemed to be that it wasn't bothering you so much. That is not taking God at his word. To take God at his word, here we go. Is to hear his word and accept it and start rejoicing with it. So, you know what this means? If you take God and his words and you hit that tabernacle, you come into the church right away, you have to be able to be in a spirit of rejoicing and thanking God because that that word is yours. That word become personal. You know, somebody give you a gift and you have a joy to receive a gift. That gift is not for everybody. You got the gift. It is wrapped. It have your name on it. It have a tag on it for you that is yours. You are grateful. You are thankful because you got a gift. You can rejoice. This is what we're talking about. Without sensation, without feeling, without emotions, you just start to thank God and praise God for his word. Now, friends, for a while now, I'm trying to get you to see how God sees things. And he said, "My thoughts are not your thoughts." And we are impressed many of times with our own thoughts only to realize our own thoughts is is foolishness. Right? What is important is God thoughts. Now in Matthew 25 when the parable of the talent 10 talents five talents 10 produce 10 five produce five and one bury it and that guy he had a lot of talks a lot of mouth he's a mo champion and then verse 26 said his lord answered and said to him thou wicked and cut for servant now from a humanistic standpoint we could say the man lost anything what he got is what he gave back but that is not how God interprets that's Oh, how God sees things. God called him a wicked and slutful servant. Thou kneest that I reap where I sowed not, guarded where I have not stra. Thou artest therefore to have put my money to the exchanges, and that at my coming I should have received mine who owned with usery or with uh interest, right? Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which are 10 talents. For unto everyone that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance. So he is saying, when you have, you'll get more. You'll have abundance. But from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hat, and cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness, there'll be weeping and nashing of teeth. From this scripture here, you could see clearly that God is interested in profitability. God is interested in increase. God interested in reproduction. That's the whole law of a seed. A seed is not buried to bring forth one more seed. A seed is buried to bring forth abundance 100fold, 60fold, 80fold. You don't burying one seed to bring forth one seed. That doesn't make any sense. When he tell Adam, multiply, replenish. He didn't expect Adam to do just one seed. No. The earth must be filled. His bar must be filled. The wedding supper must be filled. Okay. Romans 12:10-13. We going here. All right. Romans 12-13. Be kindly affection one to another with brotherly love. That's an effort there to be kind. To be kind means you want to tell somebody good morning, hello, hi, how you doing? That's being kind. How are things with you? In honor prefer one another. Not you some big shot some big sawati. I'm some big up somewhere and you your head passing and you passing everything straight and like you have no manners seen it plain tonight be say you have no brought up se who who who bring you up be kindly affection one to another with brotherly love in honor preferring one another. So that eliminates selfishness, that eliminates jostling because you are preferring your brother, you're preferring your sister. Then verse 11, astonishing word, not slotful in business. And that business, I don't want you to see it as business outside like like you have a business and so on. I want you to see as God's business, not slotful in business, but fervent in spirit serving the Lord. So God don't want no half dead Christian. He don't want no half dead worship, half dead attitude, half dead coming to church, half dead serving him. He want you to be fervent in spirit serving the Lord, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing instant in prayer and you see no way frustrated and you want to give up and your your your temper and your anger. No. Distributing to the necessity of saints given to hospitality what Brandham said here what good someone give my boy after this is over if God's willing we take our vacation go up to the mountain to hunt what good did it do the man to give him a gun if he isn't going to use it is set in there a fine gun but he will never do good unless he uses Listen tonight. That's the way your faith is. It's a fine faith. You read. I'm still read. You believe. You have an experience with God. You believe. But faith without works is dead. Put it to work. Don't be slutful. Get it going. And then you see where I'm at. them on the repeat. Okay. Page four, the nine pages here. Then he said this, God recognizing there's message, I want you to think about his word. Create in me a revival. Let me be the revival. Note, he say revival in the church. Rev tabernacle that is external. Yes. Say Lord bless us Lord. Send a revival father send a fing tabernacle church. We are not talking about the church. We talking about you, me, us individuals. God create in me. You know what? Let's say tonight right where you are. Repeat after me. God create in me a revival. Let me be the revival. Let each one of us be the revive, the revival in me. Make me, Lord, to hunger. Make me to thirst. Create in me, Lord, that what is needed in me. Let me from this hour on be thine, more consecrated servant, a better servant, more blessed of you, more able, more humbler, more kinder, more willing to work, more looking to the things that are positive and forgetting the things that are in the past and the negative. hips. Let me press towards the mark of the high calling of Christ. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. May God bless you. All of you who confess this is words that you have to speak. Many times we say the wrong thing. Change your words. Change what you speak. What spoke here? We said we could do this quickly. This prophet is amazing man. You know people uh talk about the revelations and the mysteries and so on. But there's something so outstanding about his life. The people that he could work with, the people that he hunted with, the people that he worked with all wasn't Christians. There are some of us who religious and give you a chance. You put you in a bag, a sack and you climb up some mountain, stay by yourself somewhere and see the world and thing and you you in a religious framework. You're not in the real world. Jesus said they are in the world but not of the world. You have to get a balance. You have to be able to plug into God and man. I want to repeat that. Listen to this prophet. He says the law say you could kill a phone. That's a young uh uh um thing and and there's nothing against it but not just to keep shooting them. It's a perversion your attitude. So he's talking about this man that will hunt with him. He will just shoot his little phones. I said Bert, you don't have to do that. You are the meanest guy I ever seen. I don't think anybody right now would be shooting or hunting or going out with any meanest guy you ever seen. I don't think so. Like that's not how our religious framework made up right now. And this is what I want to show you here. Brother Brham was hunting with this man. The man said, "Oh, Billy, get next to yourself. You're a chicken-hearted preacher." The man know Billy's a preacher. He called him chickenarted. I said, "Why?" I said, "It don't take a chickenarted preacher to know right from wrong." I said, "You shouldn't do that." One year when I went up there, he had a little whistle. He could take that little whistle and it will go like a little baby deer crying for its money. I thought, "You are not going to use that bell." He said, "Oh, get next to yourself, Billy." Now right here with your present thinking with your present Christianity if you was with this bird guy and he bring this whistle to whistle like a baby phone you stay with him or you saying you pack up you done hunting wait where you went or you moving with this bird guy he said get next yourself Billy we went hunting that day a very fine hunter oh you see that the man is the meanest man but He's a fine hunter. I love to follow with him. Okay. So, this man know the bush. You know the bush. This man know his stuff. And we had separate in the woods and you will never have to think about hunting him. He knowed where he was at. He hunted till about noon together. And then we were going to separate and go back down different mountains to come back to our camp. Just before 11:30 was walking in front. We hadn't seen a track at all. And there was about a 6 in snow on the ground. Good tracking weather. But the deer season had been on for a while and much shooting going on. And the deers were all afraid. We call it spooked. They were scared. Stay in the tickets under the bush piles wherever they could be, especially when the daylight was on. So he kindly stooped down little opening. And the first thing you know, I seen him reach into his coat. I thought he was going to get his lunch. We had our lunch together. We packed our hot chocolate and some sandwiches where we got lost. and he reached in deer and pulled out this little old whistle and he gave a little cry. When he did, just across the opening about the distance of this place, a mother do stood up. Now, that's the mother deer, the dough. She was a beautiful animal. It I'll never forget how she looked. She raised up those great big beautiful ears standing up, big brown eyes, and the veins look like in her face. You could just see them. And he looked around me, that lizard looked in his eyes, kindly pulled himself down. He said, "But I thought, Bert, you won't do that." And I heard the lever come back and he bolt back and throwed the shell into that 30 rifle. I said, "But surely you won't." So he squeal again like that, the old mother day. And now very unusual for them to raise up like that. Praise it. Are you following me? Are you hearing me clearly? Anybody hearing me? Okay, let's watch. And she walked right out into the opening. Now, any of you brethren that hunt knows they won't do that. What it was though? What was she standing there and both moved and the deer saw him? Did she run? No, she stood there. What was it? She wasn't playing church. She was a mother. There was something in her was real. It was real love. A baby was crying and she had something in her that called and answered. She was a mother. She seen the hunter. She quiver a few times and she looked again for that baby. I seen Brett B. But leveled that rifle down. The scope here would come right across her heart. I thought, "Oh, he was a dead shot." I thought, "Oh my, in another second or two, he will blow a lawyer heart plum to her." I thought, "How can you do it, Bert? How can you be so mean? That mother out there displaying real mother's love. She isn't a hypocrite. There's a baby in trouble. Doesn't know that she's a mother. How I thought, how can you do it? That big 180 grain bullet that close would blow a 15t and blow a hard plum through." I thought, "But how you can do it, you cruelhearted man. Shoot that poor mother heart right out." I turned my back. I thought, "Oh, God, have mercy on that man. How can he be so cruel?" I waited. Waited. The gun never fired. I turned to look and he looked around at me and the tears running down his cheeks. He threw the gun on the ground. He said, "Billy, I've had enough. Tell me about Jesus." This is too much tonight. There on the bank of snow, I lead that cruelarted man to Christ. Why? Not my preaching. No, but because he's seen something real. He's seen something that was not put on. He's seen something genuine. And I am telling you tonight, friends, the world is looking for something genuine, not a man-made creed. So the bravery of that mother do that came right up to him fearless break that man. He said watch I'm telling you tonight friends the world is looking for something genuine not a man-made creed but a Jesus who lives and reigns and brings love and peace and joy and breaks down differences and makes men love men. Women love women. The world wants to see something real. Brother, sister, God's got it for you. It is here right now. Just meet the real thing. Just become much Christian as she was a mother. I don't care. They call you holy ruler. They call you fanatic. They you will stand in the face of the enemy and declare that you love God. That's what faith. That is what we need tonight, friends. Something real. Then he said, "Let's bow our heads." Now I wonder while we are waiting a minute, would there be someone in the building tonight that raise your hand saying, "God, give me that kind of spirit of Christianity that makes me as loyal to Christ as that mother dear was for a baby. Lord, I've been a church member for years. I'll profess to be a Christian, but really I haven't got that real something. I need a real faith. I need a born-again experienced God. I need those secret sands that will change me from a cowardly doubter into a real faith warrior that can take God at his word." You want to be remembered in prayer, raise up your hands above you, all over the building. God bless you. That's good. You say, "God, remember me." And so on. He said, "Now I've been very zealous of my nomation." You should be. That's good. But don't never put that ahead of Christ. That is where the church is slipping tonight is getting away over on creeds. Then decrees in the messages. I believe this and you order to believe that. I believe this way. I see it. So then my angle and all that all is foolishness in God's sight. Brother Brham came to introduce Jesus Christ. Not message wars, message fights, not debates. He said, "Come back to Christ." Think of it. Say, "God created me a love. Give me faith." Just as much faith to stand for you and to accept my healing tonight. That mother there had to stand there fearless because something wasn't her was real. Hallelujah. Praise God. I close. Are we going tonight? Okay. He's talking about the the box car and when things are loose, he goes by a lot of our lives. The reason we don't get the Holy Ghost, we might carry on act like we got it, but the fruits are known. So, he's looking to shake up that buskar. What did he do? Justification, he called her. Sanification, he cleansed her. The Holy Ghost, he sealed her. Pack a tight, close the door, and the last thing, put a seal to seal unto the destination. Grieve not the Holy Spirit, whereby you are sealed until the day of your destination. When God give you the Holy Ghost, it's a finished work. And there's the final quote here tonight, Brother Brandon. He says, "Oh God, let us check up tonight. Grant it knowing that these great things are only warning us of the soon rapturing church. And if we are laden with sin, with unbelief, and with slutfulness, we shall not make that rapture. We know it, Lord. So we pray father that you will burn into us the Holy Ghost dong our hearts oh God set our souls on fire with your blessing help us to understand. I want to read that part again. If we are laden with sin with unbelief with slothfulness we shall not make that rapture. We know it Lord. So we pray that you will burn into us the Holy Ghost down into our hearts. Oh God, set our souls on fire with your blessing. Help us to understand. Let's bow. Heavenly Father, I've shared what you put upon my heart to share with your people that they should take earnest heed that things would not s God. The message would have become arrogant, proud, indifferent. Berly cars have been kicked out the door and they're content how they are. Lord, you said the bride, she was asleep. There was no revival to stir the bride, to wake up the bride. And seven thunders is what going to wake up this bride. She was in a slumber. Oh God, the church is slumbering. God, I pray tonight that this be a wake up call. I pray tonight that this will stir their spirits up like how you stir them up to build the temple. Like how you stir them up to get men that handle craft and brass and all that is necessary to put it together. Oh Jesus, come tonight and set the church in order. Oh Jesus, come tonight and put fire into every soul. Oh Jesus, come tonight and burn revelation and vision into people's lives. Oh God, I've seen it, Lord. I've seen it so clear, so plain with clarity. No minister could bring a revival. It has to come by the people. Therefore, the people have to see something. You told Habac, write the vision and make it plain. Brother Brandon wrote it. You have it on books and tapes. And you have ministers coming behind that prophet to make the vision plain. That prophet said, "I hope that these men could make take the message to make more sense to it to bring it to a place where the seeds could come to life." God, he didn't send the message for us to just to talk about we have a message. He sent a message that we could become the message, a manifestation of the word of God. Father, tonight stir the husbands, stir the wives, stir the mothers and fathers. Lord, let the mothers look back and see. Was I a great mother? What kind of mother? What kind of mother am I? What kind of father am I? What kind of son? What kind of daughter? What kind of husband? What kind of wife? Wife rude, wife answering back, wife rebellious, wife manish and bullying. What is that? God, the spirit of wives is in the word. The spirit of the husbands is in the word. The spirits of how to be a father is in the word. You were the first father. You were the first parent. And we could learn from that. We could understand how you felt when Adam fell. How a father would fail and what you did about. You give the example of the prodical son. How the father felt. Even though his son may choose a certain road and end up in a destructive mode, but the father was still looking out for him because once a son always a son. Oh God, help your son and daughters here tonight. We're not here to embarrass anyone or shame anyone. You spoke about thoughtful. You spoke about being an imitator of those who through faith and patience inherit the promises. And Lord Peter said by these promises and the message came to release promises to us. It has nothing to do with pastors, has nothing to do with churches. It has to do with you and your sons, you and your daughters bringing us back to Eden through a message of the hour that have restored the full word to get us back there by you having the preeminences. Oh God, tonight have the preeminences. Overshadow every son, every daughter, overshadow everyone. Anyone that would listen to this may stir their spirit up and set their souls on fire to serve you with ferveny. Not thoughtful in business, not thoughtful in God's business. Not stant in their own business, but to be fervent in spirit, making that progress that will bring glory and honor to your kingdom. You have tested us. You have tried us. You want to see our motive and objective why we want what we want. Why we desire what we desire. You said in your word, we have not. We ask not because we have not. We ask not. And then we ask, we ask for the wrong motive, wrong objective, and don't get it. So help us tonight. Stir our hearts to the right motive, the right objective, that we will work for your kingdom, and we will work for your honor and your glory that your that you'll be glorified in our midst. Even when the Greek said we would see Jesus, Jesus didn't point at himself. He point to the cross when they were received. So father, tonight, take them to Calvary. Take them to the cross. Take them to debt to self. Real debt to self. And debt has a cost. Even as a revival have a cost. Revival always have a price. God, we can't say we want revival and don't want to pay that price. So help the homes here tonight, the dysfunctional homes, the homes that are not right, the homes that need to get right. Help them tonight and stir their hearts and spirits. I come with them at their hands in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen and amen. God bless you. So friends, this is what I have on my heart and I trust them that it would be a help to you as you get in and pray tonight. So God be with you as we get on and pray. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Father, we praise you, Father. We thank you. We thank you for your presence, Lord. We thank you for your spirit, Father. We thank you for making a way. We thank you how you keep your word when the enemy come like a flood. Lord, the spirit rais the standard. We thank you for healings. We thank you for miracles. We thank you for restoration. We thank you for revival. We thank you for the appointment of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We thank you for adoption. We thank you for perfection. We thank you for the awakening, Lord, a spiritual awakening. We thank you for coming out of drought, coming out of dry and barren land into the land of bliss, the land of water. Father, oh God, you said he that believeth on me, as the scripture had said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. And you promised life to come, Lord. Oh God, the farmer have a responsibility to prepare the land. The farmer have a responsibility to plow the land. The farmer have a responsibility to sew the seed. But Lord, your part is to send out the rain. And oh God, tonight you send Lord a prophet Lord who revealed the son of man who brought this complete seed. The seed is whole. The seed is complete. The seed is perfect. Not Jacob grace seed, but Julia perfection seed. It's perfect. And father, that's a seed that you put in the heart of a bride. a seventh under sea of perfection. Oh God, the secret is the word is in the bride. And now Lord, we pray you would send the rain, the rain of promise, the rain that you promised, Lord. Even since Joel shall come to pass, Lord, you're going to pour that rain, even the latter rain, oh God, the former and latter rain in the same month. Oh God, come tonight, Lord. Pour upon your people, Father. Pour into their homes, Lord. Pour into their hearts, Lord. May it be a rejuvenation, Father. May there be a revival, Father. I ask them to say the words, "Oh, creating me a revival. Let me be the revival. Create in me a revival. Let me be the revival." It's down to personal. Father, oh God, ownership of that revival, oh God, start that revival tonight in the homes and lives of your children. And when we come on Sunday, Father, may there be an explosion of righteousness. May your righteousness, oh God, fall as rain. Father, may there be explosion of your glory, of your power, of your presence. and confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. Bless the church, Lord. Bless your people, Father. Bless their ministry, Father. Bless the elders, the deacons, oh God, the helps, the trustees, the ushers, Lord, from the backbench to the the pulpit to the backbench. Father, the musicians, Father, the Sunday school, Father. Oh God, all the technicians, the sound service leaders, Lord, all the staff, Father God, may you bless them in a special way. May they be excited, oh, coming to church. maybe under great expectation. Oh God, to see you work among us, to see you come among us, Lord. Lord, the prophet not only preach the word, but he got to wait afterwards to wait on the angel and to see the angel work and the angel move. Oh God, may you come among us, Father, because he said when he is gone, healing is not gone. Oh God, the power is not gone. Oh God, the angel already descended with a shout. Oh God, and here we are, Father. You said the Holy Spirit, oh, the manifestation of the Holy Spirit is that angel trying to get the people back to the word because you could only confirm and vindicate the word. So Lord, I commit them into your hands. I thank you for them gathered here tonight, Lord. May you bless them and their families, Father. Forgive their past and bless their future. Commit them into your hands in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you. Thanks again for be here tonight. May God give you a victory upon victory. Come to church on the great expectation that God will do above that we can ask or think. God bless you. We are this.
