################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - 250618 - Chad Lamb Parenthood Originated in God - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-18
Title:    250618 - Chad Lamb: Parenthood Originated in God
Speaker:  Chad Lamb
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rplLh58_zE
========================================

Description:
View sermon: https://tinyurl.com/ParenthoodOriginatedInGod

Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
No condemnation have I in my heart. He took my sins away. He took my sins away. Is perfectly he did to me in part when he took my sins all away. Yes, he took my sins away. He took my sins away and keeps me singing every day. I'm so glad he took my sins away. He took my sins away. If you will come to Jesus Christ today, he'll take your sins away. He'll take your sins away and keep you happy in his love each day. He'll take your sins all away. For he took my sins away. He took my sins away and keeps me singing every day. I'm so glad that he took my sins away. He took my sins away. The Lord's our rock. In him we hide. A shelter in the time of storm. Secure whatever will be tied. A shelter in the time of storm. Oh Jesus is a rock in a weery land. A weery land. A weery land. Jesus is a rock in a weery land. A shelter in the time of storm. I shade my daily defense by night. A shelter in the time of storm. No fears alarm. No foes of fright. A shelter in the time of storm. Oh, Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A weery land, a wey land. Jesus is a rock in a wey land. Shelter in the time of storm. Though raging storms may round us feet, a shelter in the time of storm, we'll never leave our safe retreat. A shelter in the time of storm. Jesus is a rock in a weery land. A weery land, a wey land. Jesus is a rock in a weery land. A shelter in the time of stor. Oh rock divine or refuge near. A shelter in the time of stor. Be thou our helper ever near. A shelter in the time of stor. Jesus is a rock in a weery land. A weery land. A weery land. Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A shelter in the time of sorrow. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. Keep falling in love with you over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with you over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with you. Over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. Keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he holds the future. Life is worth the living just because he lives. As brother Chad comes this this evening, lead me Lord and I will follow. Lead me Lord and I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord, and I will go. [Music] It's hard to take the first step when I don't know the way. Each turn is so uncertain. But I learn to walk by faith. You gave me a promise and you would never leave. You will lead and guide me. Lord, I do believe. Lead me Lord and I will follow. Lead me, Lord, and I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord, and I will go. [Music] Your plans for me are perfect. I never need to fear. For though at times I feel alone, I know that you are near. My heart just wants to follow. I'm willing to obey. Take my hand and lead me. Follow all the way. Lead me, Lord. and I will follow. Lead me Lord and I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord and I will go. Amen. and God bless you this evening. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, God, that you've brought us together. And I'm so thankful, Lord, that there's such a love in our hearts that wants to cry out to you and tell you that we love you, Lord. You're so wonderful. And we so appreciate your goodness to us, Lord, and how you've gathered us together once again to speak to us, Lord. I pray now that you give us ears to hear, Lord, all that you have for us. give us a heart to perceive and may the words that you speak to us have an effect in our lives. May it go deep into our souls and take root there and may it grow and produce fruit, Lord, back to you that we could surrender to your word and surrender our lives to your word. And may your word, Lord, become a life inside of us. May it come to a manifestation in each of us. Take this vessel of mine under your control and speak your eternal words to these lips. For we're depending upon you and trusting in you that you will do what you promised to do for the preaching of the gospel, for the saving of the soul. And may you come and Lord and use this method to heal us, to restore us, to bring us back to what you always wanted us to be, back in fellowship with you, back in union with you, back with you as our father, back with you as our husband, back to that perfect place. We love you. We ask your blessing upon all we say and do tonight. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. While we're standing, if you'd like to take your Bibles, we'll turn to the Gospel of John, chapter 20. Say it's good to be together. As you saw, we had a little power flash, but praise God, the power's back on. Amen. Amen. It's amazing. We've had we've we've preached a service here before. I didn't preach it, but um another brother did when the power was out. Praise God. It was a good service. Anyhow, we enjoyed it. So, but we thank God for the lights being on. You can still hear the thunders rolling. Uh, one of the deacons come and informed me that on Stewart Road out here, just to the north of us, there's a tree down and power lines across the road. So, as you go to leave, if you go north on Steuart, if the end of the driveway, if you turn left, that's north. Then you might want to check before you go. You might have to go the other way around. So, thank God that we've got power, especially with that happening. Amen. Also, we have a visitor with us today, visiting from Germany. Brother Aaron Lang. God bless you, brother Aaron. He's here visiting, staying with the Golden family. He attends brother Andreas's church. And he met Brother Steve and sister Nette and sister Nita while their last visit there. And uh brother Steve invited him. He decided to take him up on the invitation. So, God bless you. He'll be with us for three weeks. Amen. So, hopefully you get a chance to meet him. Amen. While we're standing, let's look at John chap 20 verse 17. John chapter 20 verse 17. Jesus saith unto her, "Touch me not, for I'm not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascended to my father and your father and to my God and your God." Amen. Let's turn back to um Genesis chapter 1. Pick up one more scripture here. Genesis chapter 1 verse 26. Genesis chapter 1 26 says, "And God said, let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, and the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." And God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of the earth, and every tree, and which is fruit of the tree, yielding seed to you. it shall be for meat. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Uh I want to uh take a look here as as we started with John 20:1 17 where Jesus says, "I go unto my father and your father." We spoke about this last service on Sunday, but I want to go I I want to continue on with that same theme. But how thankful I am that Jesus said these words, I go to my father and your father. Amen. It's so good to have a father and know who our heavenly father is because with him with God as our father everything's under control when he says I go to my God and your God. So Jesus wasn't just taking that position himself he was sharing it with his brethren. Amen. And recognizing his brethren in the resurrection. So brother Frank if we could pull up it is up. Okay. So I want to speak on the subject parenthood originated in God. So we go to Genesis 1 and we look at Genesis 1. God wanted to create man in his image in his likeness made him man made them male and female and and the Bible tells us that that Adam was a son of God. So God had created a son. He had given he brought forth a son and that son upon the earth was Adam. That was his child. And and and God was a a a father. If we go here to this first slide and look at what brother Brandham says in the conflict between God and Satan, he said, "Would not you tonight to your children that was helpless little fellows who can't take care of themselves, don't you struggle and work and do everything that you can to provide the best that you can or able or to provide for those children because you are a father, a parent. And if that be what what I would say the truess and the thought of an earthly parent and parenthood originated in God because he was the first parent. This is where we got our title. Parenthood originated in God. So if we find ourselves as a parent tonight, parenthood originated in God. So we want to find our example. We look to God. He's the example for all things because parenthood originated in God. And Christ's mystery of God revealed. He says, "But what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood, for he was a father, and the only way that he could express it was to become son of man." So, brother Ram is starting to explain to us these attributes that were locked in God. And God wanted to express himself, what was in his thinking, what he was a as as as a being, he wanted to express that to be known, to be made manifest. And in him was to be a father. He loved fatherhood. And in order to express himself as a father, he had to create a son. He had to become a son, as son of man. And that was the expressing the fatherhood of God. So God is our father. Praise God. And parenthood originated in God. Praise be to God. So let's go to this next quote here in Pergamian Church. He said, "The first son, Adam, was the spoken seed word of God. He was given a bride to reproduce himself. That's why the bride was given to him to reproduce himself to produce another son of God." So, we went over this last time, but I'd like to labor on this a little bit longer uh tonight. God God reproduced a son. He produced a son, and that son was Adam on the earth. And Adam was a reflection of God. He was he was made God over the earth to rule and reign over God's creation. And he placed him there as such and told him to take dominion and told him to re reign and told him to to reproduce himself to replenish the earth. And when God saw that Adam was alone, he said, "It's not good that man should be alone." So he laid him down and he took a rib and from the rib he made him a help meat. And that help meat was his wife. Amen. And he brought the two together. And and to God that was not Amen. Those were not two separate beings. Although they lived in two separate vessels, but to him that was just a furtherance of Adam. That was Adam now and male and Adam now and female. Because he created them male and female and called their name Adam. This is Genesis chapter 5. So God gave Adam a bride to reproduce himself. So in the original parent God, God was singular. And in him was everything that was needed, amen, to reproduce himself. And God, that's what God wanted to do. He wanted to to bring something forth that reflected him, that was in his image, in his reflection. Amen. that would would that he could place upon the earth that he could reveal himself to that he could have fellowship with. Amen. And that's what he was doing with his children. That was his original intent. He wanted to dwell together with his family with his attributes as a family of God upon the earth in flesh tangible. That's what God wanted in order to God to bring this forth. Now, he took everything that he placed in Adam and Adam was both male and female. And now in order for God to do this, he splits the feminish out of Adam and puts that in the woman and brings the two back together. And now God's going to use two vessels with a split spirit, one masculine and one feminist. And God is now going to show now through this God is going to show fatherhood and motherhood. So where was motherhood before? In God. Amen. Where was fatherhood before? It was in God. It was all in God. And now God wants to display it. and into this display. This is all of God's choosing. All the way God wants to display himself. So he wants to split the masculine and feminist that was bound up in him to display motherhood and fatherhood. So parenthood originated in God. In the message leadership, Brother Venom says it's usually a mother that gets to lead a child to its first step cuz she's home while daddy is out working trying to make a living. But it's they they make their first step and at night time when they come in the father he's always saying oh dad she said Johnny and Mary the little boy or girl could walk come and look and just one step maybe mother had to hold and had to hold mother's finger cuz you was kind of weak and kind of turned sideways you know and fall down a little so you had to hold the mama's hand to make your first step and brother Bam's starting to just explain the simplicity of life the natural life that we see all around and showing us in the message leadership ship. How when you first come to this earth, your first leader is mother. The first one you contact is mother. The first one to show you love is mother. And what is mother doing? Amen. If she's the right kind of mother, mother is your first contact and impression with God. The right kind of mother is what she what is she here to display? She's here to display motherhood. Where did motherhood originate? In God. So what is she here to do? She's here to give you your first picture of God. Of unconditional love, of unmmerited favor, Hey, listen. That little baby didn't do a thing to earn that mother's love. Amen. It didn't do anything right. Didn't say anything right. Didn't I mean, of course, the mother thinks this thing's never done anything wrong, but it also didn't do anything right. Amen. It hasn't made a mistake yet, of course, but it hasn't done anything right. It hasn't done anything to earn that love. It's just the very just the very fact that this life come from me has a mother's absolute devotion and unconditional love. And what is that? That's a picture of God's love for his children. Then that mother will take that baby and hold it to her. Amen. And she she's the one who carried this child. Amen. For for so long. She she gave birth to this child and now she's going to nurture it. She's going to care for it. And this child has nothing that it can do for itself. It is getting absolute all nourishment, all love, all care, all cleaning. Everything's coming from mother. And it doesn't mean that dad's not helping dad. But really, dad's insufficient compared to mom. Because she has the attribute of mother locked in the feminine nature. And so, she is giving this child its first glimpse or contact of God. Amen. This is this is so wonderful and so terrible at the same time. And the reason it's so wonderful and so terrible is because the fall in the Garden of Eden has brought a perversion and a corruption. And and there's so many things now that go wrong in life to where now the very thing that was supposed to be life to a child, amen, can become damaging. and and the fact that there could be a neglecting mother. There could be a mother that dies in childbirth. There could be things that go wrong and start to corrupt what God intended to be perfect. And so, so we can see what God designed, desired, and now we can see what Satan has perverted. And he's trying to corrupt by the very thing been trying to damage by the very thing God sent to be love to be grace to be unmmerited favor to be unconditional love to be lifegiving life sustaining love and so when we if we all of us who had good mothers we thank God for our mothers because this is the picture that they begin to paint for us of love. Amen. In Genesis 17 when God speaks to Abraham, he said, 'When Abraham was 90 years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abraham and said unto him, I am the Almighty God. Walk before me and be thou perfect. And this phrase almighty God means El Shadai. And Elshadai in in the Hebrew means the breasted God. God is showing himself in female form in a picture of a mother who's giving life, strength, nourishment to to a baby. And this is what he's saying to Abraham because Abraham is already 90 years old. His life stream is dried up. He's not able to produce a son anymore. He's in weakness. Amen. That the Bible says he was the Bible says he was as good as dead. That's what the Bible says. He was as good as dead. But God now comes and presents himself to Abraham as a nourisher and a lifegiver. I am. And when he when he when he presents himself this way to Abraham, he said, "I am El Shadai, the breasted God. you can come and nurse your strength from me. There's renewing power. There's lifegiving power. There's strength that can come from me. This is what the prophet says about that. Now, just like Abraham when he was 90 and 9 years old, I believe in Genesis 17, God appeared to this old man now 99 years old when he was almost 100 years old that had been waiting upon that promise all these years. He appeared to him in the name of Elshadai, the breasted one. And what an encouragement it was. Yet the promise wasn't fulfilled then. But Abraham, I am the almighty God, Elshadai, the strengthgiver, the breasted God. Like I've told you before, like the little baby that's fretting and sick and crying, and it lays upon its mother's breast and nurses its strength back from her because it's satisfied while it's a nursing because the only access it has and knows of is a mother's breast. It knows the no dose of medicine. You might give him a dose of medicine, he'd squeal and cry. Give him a shot in the arm and he'd carry on. But the only access to satisfy him is the mother's breast. So this is how God pictures himself to Abraham. Abraham, I'm like a mother and you're weak and and you don't have strength, but you can get strength from me. And God is still El Shadai. He's still Amen. All the qualities he ever had, he's never lost. Amen. He's still a mother. He's still a father. He's still a savior. Amen. He's still a husband. He's still everything he ever was. He is whatever we have need of in the hour we have need of it. He's that to supply that need. When we're weak and have no strength in fredding, we can receive strength from him. Amen. He goes on to show us this feminine attribute of God. In Galatians 4, he says, "But Jerusalem, which is above, is free, which is mother of us all." Now, it's starting to show the heavenly Jerusalem, the the city of God, is the mother of us all. And so he keeps using this terminology, this picture to show us, amen, that that God is mother and God is father. And the message thirst, he says, notice Jerusalem, the word Jerusalem is from above. The Bible said which is mother of us all and Christ is our mother. We realize that God is our mother for we are born of him. Where do we come forth from? We come forth from God. God is the originator. God is the seedgiver. But God is also the one that brought us forth. Amen. Which means God is father and God is mother. Amen. The word simply means peace. Jerusalem shalom or shalom which means peace. It says in Revelation 21:2, "And John saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband." Further down in the same chapter, then in verse 9, it says, "And there came unto me one of the seven angels, which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will show thee the bride, the lamb's wife. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me the great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God." Now, this new Jerusalem, this heavenly Jerusalem, is the mother of us all. But now this new Jerusalem is the bride. Amen. Which means God and his attribute of mother. Amen. Attribute of feminine. Now he's going to show it through his bride. Amen. It's still Christ. It's still God. It's not human beings. But it's God dwelling in his people showing himself in this new Jerusalem as bride which is feminine which is the lamb's wife. Amen. in the invisible union. Uh he says, "So you see, she's pregnantated with something." He's talking of the end time church here. He's speaking of of the nominal church or the false church. She's pregnantated with something because she's bringing forth members all the time. See how God is now showing this feminine type now in a church. Amen. It doesn't change that God is the mother. God is the feminine. But now he's showing it where? He's showing it in the church. Amen. Amen. But uh she's bringing forth members all the time, but she don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbering, Acts 2:38, miserable creatures that she thinks they are. Amen. That's the kind I want to be. Amen. I want to be that kind that says, "Amen." when you hear the word. That gets really excited when you hear the word. Brother Venom, when he saw God in nature, he went running and running and running around. That's the kind I want to be. That gets enthused about the things of God. That gets excited when we hear the word. that'll say amen to the word of God almost involuntary when it pops out of your mouth. Say, "Praise God. That's the kind I want to be." Amen. Acts 2:38. Miserable creatures that she thinks they are. It would certainly embarrass her. It would ruin her educated, ethical, scientific, so society church that she belongs to here. They would throw her out at the next council. She can't have it. She don't want to be pregnant with the word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. The word is male. The church is female. Amen. The word is the progeniator of life or the seed, the giver of life. Amen. The church is what can become pregnantated and bring forth that life to manifest the life of Christ. Born of the spirit of God. It has the spirit of God in it. No intellectual church joining and creedgoing, bobbed hair, painted face. There's no such a thing as that in all of it. You don't find that in the word of God. You find an old-fashioned sanctified Holy Ghostfilled child born of the spirit of God screaming, hollering, shouting, praising God. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Benham is telling us that that there's uh there's a female nature to God that there there's God the motherhood originated God and he's showing that and now the church, amen, is bringing forth all the time. She's pregnantated on the word and she's bringing forth. Some are bringing forth church members. Some are bringing forth sons and daughters of God. So it means the church has a role in what the work that God is doing at the end time. Just like Adam's wife had a role. She had a role to play. And what was her role? To help Adam reproduce himself. And what is the role of the bride in the end time? To help Christ, the son of man, reproduce himself on the earth. And a many membered bride. Amen. So the bride has been given to Christ for the same reason the bride was given to Adam. so that he can reproduce himself upon the earth. He's doing that in a many membered bride. So that means we as a church have a role to play. Amen. We talked about it a little bit last time. That role to play is nurture and and and and the one who gives love and care and nurture and support and strength and all of that. Amen. But the one thing that we cannot do is play the role of the father. So we'll talk about that more as we go on. Brother Ram says in Abraham's covenant confirmed he says you notice said the Bible the 12th chapter the woman in the 12th chapter of revelations the moon was under their foot feet the sun at her head showing the law fading out as soon as the sun rises the moon goes down the moon is a wife to the sun oh I love that kind of Bible reading brother Brandham's showing the typology in Revelation 12 uh of the moon typing the church amen and the son typing Christ and then he makes a statement. I love that kind of Bible reading. Question is, do you love that kind of Bible reading? Amen. The sun and the moon is a type of Christ in the church. When the sun goes down, out of sight, it's not down. It's just out of sight to the world. It reflects its light back to the moon to give light in its absence. Amen. So, so the brother I'm showing us in the na in the nature the type of nature that the sun and the moon is type of husband and wife and the moon is a type of the church that shines the light of Christ Jesus Christ in the absence of Christ. Amen. Now that his death, burial, and resurrection and ascension has take place. Now he's shining his light upon the church and the church is reflecting the light of Christ back into the earth. That's the role that she's playing. But she's never competing with the sun. She's got a different role to play. She's not the sun. She's not the replacement of the sun. She's only the reflector of the sun. It's so important to know because this works for Christ and his bride. It works for the sun and the moon. But it also works for mom and dad in a home. So you can take the lessons that God gives us in nature, the lessons he gives us in his Bible, the lessons of his own nature, and he could bring it all the way down to our home to teach us how to live in our own homes as a mother and a father. Because what are what are we supposed to be doing as a mother and father in our home? We're supposed to be reflecting God to our children. They're supposed to come in contact with God through us. Amen. So the moon is is never in competition with the sun. In fact, the moon really has no light of its own. All of its light is coming from the sun because the church really has no light of its own. The light is coming from Christ. It's coming from the sun. It's coming from the illumination of the manifested word. That's what's shining off of our lives. It's not our light. It's his light shining through us. So now we realize the role that we're playing. Amen. But but what happens? Amen. When the moon gets between the earth and the sun, Amen, that's called an eclipse. Remember last year when we had eclipse when the moon moved in front of the sun and blocked out the light of the sun. Amen. That amen. That shows the negative role of the moon. When the moon wants to take the place of the sun and stand in the place of the sun, it becomes darkness. Now now the the moon's not even shining or reflecting any light. Everything becomes dark because now the moon wants to position itself in front of the sun. Amen. and become the supreme being in the sky so all the earth can only see her. And this is what the false church has done. The false church has shaded out Christ. Amen. They become the the word. They become the law. They want to become all in all. So that you have to look to the church for everything. You look to the church for salvation. You look to the church for everything that you get you get from the church. And that's what the church has wanted. Right? And now instead of reflecting light, all has become darkness. That's right. Amen. That's right. When if she would have just stayed in her place, she had a beautiful place to play. She was shining light. Not her own light, but Christ light, real light, true light, lifegiving light. The light of day was now coming through her and reflecting back to the earth through her. Amen. That was the role that we're supposed to play. That was the role the church was supposed to play, but it got in the way. You remember you you know sometimes you can see the sun and the moon in the sky at the same time. You've ever seen that? Amen. And that's beautiful because there's no competition. There's no blocking. But you can see the brightness of the sun and then you can see the brightness of the moon and you can see husband and wife, father and mother in the same sky and no competition with one another but in perfect harmony. And they're both beautiful and they're both in position. But the same thing that holds true for the sky and the same thing that holds true for the church holds true in our homes. If mother, amen, wants to take a dominant position over father, it's going to bring darkness into our families because that's that's marring the picture that God is trying to paint for all of us. God has set up and structured everything to try to reflect his nature, try to reflect his own person. Amen. And now God has called a man to be the leader of the home. He's one, he's the one that brings illumination and light into his family. And mom is there to help him with that. And she's there to shine the light. Like brother like brother Bam said, mom's there. When dad's off at work. Yeah. So when dad's off at work, what's mom doing? She's reflecting back the light from dad. The leadership of dad, the direction of dad, the guidance from dad is coming off of mom into the home. But you know what becomes really really deadly is when she doesn't give a true reflection of the light. But she wants to have her own light when dad's gone. This is this is this is what's been dangerous in the church. And this is what dangerous at home. Amen. When when the absence of dad when dad's at work or dad's off. Amen. the best thing that mom could ever do for her children. And this is not just for raising toddlers. This is for teaching your children about God. Amen. That's right. It's not for raising toddlers. It's teaching your children about God. The principles of God are so sound and so sure and they work so good if we stay in our parameters. Yeah. When that little tight comes running up to mom and says, "Mom, can we xyz? Can we do this?" and she says, "No, remember dad said." Dad says, "No, we can't do that." Or she says, "Yes." Dad says, "That's fine." Or, "Yes, that's okay, honey. Daddy told us." What she's doing is she's setting that child up to receive from God. Yeah. You may not think so, but that's exactly what's happening. Amen. by the way we operate in our homes. We're we're setting we're establishing an understanding in toddlers who can't understand the deep mysteries of God, but we're demonstrating them to them at a young age. And they're beginning to recognize that everything goes back to the father. Every instruction, every lesson, everything goes back to the father. Amen. It doesn't stop at mom. Mom's not the lawgiver. Mom's not the lightgiver. Mom's a reflector of dad's law and dad's light. Amen. to bring it back to the children and to nurture and to care for and to protect and to love and to help grow. And when we get it when we when we do it according to God's way, amen, it begins to set everything in motion the right way. But when we pervert it from the beginning, we're actually setting stumbling stones before our children and don't even realize it. Because what happens is say say mom doesn't really agree with dad. Dad says, "No, I don't want the kids going over to that neighbor's house, or I don't want the kids playing in that park. I I think it's dangerous. I don't want them over there." And mom doesn't see any danger in it. And the and dad's gone. And the kids come, "Mom, can we go this, this, this?" And they know what dad says. And she says, "Yes, honey. You go on. It's okay. Mommy don't care if you do that." See, what she's doing is she's vying for the affection of her children over her husband. She's competing with the light. Yeah, that's right. She's competing with the lie. She's in competition with her husband for the love of her children. Yeah, and and she is in some sort of disagreement with that or doesn't see eye to eye. Listen, I would say it this way. Even if dad is wrong, don't do that to your children. Yeah. If you think dad is wrong, then mom, you wait till you guys are alone in your room in the privacy and say, "Listen, I don't understand your rule. Will you explain it again? I think it's hurting the kids this way. I feel this way. Would you please go through it again with me? But don't ever do that in front of the kids. And don't ever contradict that in front of the kids because you're setting them up for the wrong understanding in life. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. These things are the truth, friends. It's counter to culture, but it's absolutely right with the nature of God. Amen. And it doesn't mean dad always knows best because dad gets it wrong a lot of the time. And any good dad will admit that I get it wrong. Sometimes my wife will question me, why did you do this and why did you do that? And as she questions me, I begin to realize I'm wrong. But if she does it in the privacy of a conversation between her and I, she hasn't damaged the influence of me with the kids and she hasn't competed for life and she hasn't changed the dynamics in the home at all. All she's done is expressed her right. Amen. As my wife to come and say, "I don't understand. Listen, we've got a right to come to Christ and say, "I, Lord, I don't understand." We have a right any time to come to him and approach him and say, "Your word says this, but I don't understand. Would you please reveal it to me? Will you please give me a fresh vision of it? I don't quite understand it yet." There's nothing wrong with that. Amen. But we've got to set our homes up according to the Bible. These kids, I mean, before they memorize a Bible verse, they're going to start to see God reflected in mom and dad. They're going to start to come to understandings before they even begin to speak. They're going to start to see God reflected in mom and God reflected in dad and the way mom and dad interact with each other. And so it becomes really important that that mom becomes a reflector of the light, that the woman is a reflector of the light, and the dad takes the time to give instruction to his family. It's important that dad's not checked out and turns the keys over to mom and lets mom run the show. Amen. Because it's not fair to her. Amen. If if dad's going to play this role, then dad's got to step up and dad's got to give instruction. He's got to give answers. He's got to give clear objectives. He's got to set a vision for the family. and he's got to give instruction to his home. And if dad will do that, it makes it so much easier for mom. But you know how what a blessing it is when when when a child will come up to mom and say, "Mom, can we do this?" And mom doesn't know. She doesn't know how dad feels about that. We've never talked about it. This is a new we've never crossed this bridge before. And the child comes up, "Mom, can I?" And she says, "You know what? Let's wait till dad gets home and let's talk to dad about and let's ask dad. Why is that so important? Because there's many things that we don't know how to handle. We don't know how to handle the bride of Jesus Christ. But you know where we have to go for all of it? We have to go back to God. We have to go back to the word and say, "Lord, please show me in your word what to do." The word has to be the ultimate authority. The male has to be the ultimate authority over everything. And this is the light. This is the sun. This is what illuminates our lives. And we're here just to reflect this. We're not here to make up our own light. We're not here to make up our own things. We're here just to reflect his light. And so it all becomes so important this this picture of parenthood and the role that we play. And if we play the role that God gives us to play, then there's a real power and demonstration in that role. And so too many times because of the American culture, because of the feminist movement, Amen. They've put they've given so much empowerment to women that women feel somehow belittled or undervalued. Amen. By by giving Amen. by giving authority over to the man and by consenting. But but they don't realize it takes more power to control yourself. It takes more power. Amen. It it takes more character and it takes more power to say no. We're going to ask dad not to give in to weaknesses and not give in to whims. It takes a real power. Amen. to subject ourselves to the word and say, "Listen, I want to demonstrate to you the right way for life because God is the one who runs our life." Amen. So, we see this relationship between the moon and the sun, between mom and dad. Amen. Let's keep going. In leadership again, he said, "First is the mother's kindness, then the father's word. after mother gives you your first step when you look to your daddy all of us for wisdom because he is the head of the house and usually not that he's any smarter but he's just made a leader of his family so we follow what our daddy says do when he says now son I would like for you to do a certain thing then we listen to him because it's wisdom but listen see he has learned a whole lot and we've got to ask him to see what he learned and then we can profit by his what he has learned he tells us now don't go and do this and because I did that so he says He's showing dad's sharing by experience and dad's giving leadership. Hey, hey, you know what? Dads don't always give perfect advice. We'll admit that, too. But still, the respect that we show to dad, Amen, is is is actually a picture of the respect that we're showing to God because of the role that dad plays. And and everybody in the family has to show this respect for the office. And there's sometimes there's people that wind up in a home, amen, where dad is not a spiritual leader in the home. Maybe dad is is not a believer, he's not a Christian, he doesn't come to church and mom does and she wants to raise her children, right? But even the even in that, she's got to be careful the right picture she paints for her children. Just because you don't have a believing husband doesn't mean you can train your children to disrespect their father. That's still their father. And the best thing you can do for those children is teach them to respect their father. even though he gets it wrong and even though he's not the most spiritual one. Amen. If they if you can teach your children to respect their father, they're going to translate to respecting God. Yeah. Amen. Amen. But when dad's gone and we whisper behind his back and dad doesn't understand, he doesn't know, so we're going to do this and this. Don't tell dad. That becomes detrimental. It becomes deadly. It's the it's the wrong picture alto together. In fact, if you if you tear down these institutes of mother and father, we we destroy our own lives. Brother Rem said motherhood is the backbone of the country, the backbone of the nation. You destroy motherhood, you've lost the nation. Because motherhood is the the very beginning phase, the very early onset of everything that's right and good. And you destroy that, you destroy the nation. But I say you destroy fatherhood, you destroy the nation, too. So, uh, Ephesians 6 tells us, "And you fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." The father is responsible for how his children turn out. Mother's responsible, too. But mother, mother, mother is so instrumental at the beginning and dad is so instrumental at the end. And it doesn't mean mom's not involved in the end. It doesn't mean dad's not involved in the beginning. So I hope you understand what I'm saying. Mom is so instrumental at the beginning phase. Amen. Those first days, those first months, those first years, that child would not live without mom. It would not survive without mom. It wouldn't learn anything without mom. It wouldn't have it wouldn't have a quality of life without mom. And dad's there, too. Dad's involved, too. Amen. But but in the end, as it grows, it begins to transition. and it begins to move over to dad's leadership. And dad is instrumental in adoption or placing or maturing of that son or daughter. And that's the way God designed it and that's the way it works. Even in the Bible, adoption is the is the job of the father, not the mother. The mother doesn't call the son to adoption. The mother doesn't call the tutor. The mother doesn't set the trials. The mother doesn't set the testings. father does because he's he's determined to have this son or daughter turn out right and to come to full maturity. And what is a mother and father trying to do? They're working together to try to replace themselves. What do you mean, brother Chad? I just remember you're not always going to be like you are right now. You're going to grow old. And if time continues, you're going to fade away. And who is it that's going to stand in your place? Who is it that's going to declare the gospel and shine the light of? It's going to be those children that you raise up. you're actually working to replace yourself. And that's one of the detrimental things in parents. If they're not working to bring a child to full maturity and independence that can stand on their own feet with a balanced view of the word and and an understanding of the life of God, they're doing a disservice. Amen. Not to just themselves or that child to the world. Yeah. Because sometimes you have mothers, mothers who don't want their children to grow up, right? Yeah. You ever seen a mother who doesn't want her child? Because mother is feeding off the affection of that child and that child's need for her and she's feeding she's feeding an insecurity or a lack in herself and she never wants that child to grow up. She wants to mother it all the time and won't let it grow up because mom's getting something out of that. And she would rather stunt the maturity of that child and it never fully developed than to have to part with the affection of the child and deal with it herself. Right. But a real mother will look at this this young girl, young boy growing up and saying, you know, they they need to go on their own. They need to find their own way. They're eventually going to move out. This girl's going to run her own home. This boy's going to have his own house, and I want them to. That's the sacrificial love of a parent. Amen. But the selfish love of a parent is I'm feeding some insecurity in me by their affection, and I'm going to keep them attached to me. So, I'll make all decisions for them. I'll tell them where to go, when to go, what to do. I'll call the doctor. I'll get I'll make every different phone call for them. I'll never teach them how to do anything themselves. They don't know how to renew their license. They don't know how to balance a checkbook. They don't know how to open a bank account. They don't know how to do anything. Yeah. I want them to come to me for all that. I want to be the source for everything. And listen, friends, there's churches that want to be that way. There's churches that want you to come to them for every decision you have to make. You've got to clear it with somebody in the church. You got to get everything from the church and all instruction from the church. Amen. Because the church is feeding off of the need. But oh, if we could be the right kind of church and say, "We're just here to get you started. We're here in those early developmental years when you first give your heart to the Lord and you don't know how to walk and you don't know how to feed yourself. You don't know how to get nourishment out of the word. We're here to encourage you to do Bible studies and stand alongside you, but we want to see you walk on your own. And we want to see you be able to take this word on your own and have your own family, your own home, and do your own thing. That's right. You see how it works from the beginning to the end. Amen. Spiritually and naturally. Amen. There's some fathers who are jealous of the success of their boys. Yes, sir. So they'll never let their boys come into manhood. And dad's always got to put them under thumb. So that my boy can never know more than me. He can never do better than me. He can never have a better idea than me. So there's dads who will shut down every idea their son has and always have a better way. That's that father's own pride coming from some insecurity. He wants to have the answer for all. He wants to be the one who knows the most. And he wants the boys to have to need his wisdom for everything. Oh, but a godly father, a godly father will want his son to pass him up. Amen. Want him to pass him right up. Amen. Want want him to look at the day and say, "Son, you know more about this than I do." Amen. Because that's what we should be working for as parents. Amen. To raise these children this way. And that's what we should be doing as a church. And guess what? That's exactly what God's wanting to do. We'll look at it here in the word. God is looking for somebody to be his replacement on the earth. So he can say like he did with Jesus, "Hear ye him. Hear ye him. I've trained him. I've brought him up. I've brought him to Mount Transfiguration to adoption. This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Hear ye him." And brother Benham said he moved to the background. He said, "Listen, you can get everything you need from him. He's my adopted son. He's got the answers. He's got the life. He's got it all. Amen. Hallelujah. That's the way we should be raising our sons. That's the way we should be raised. Hey, hey, hey, listen. I told the youth, we were we had a youth meeting and I told some of these the the youth, you if God continues on and allows time to continue and we have a couple more decades on this earth, there's going to be most all of this youth, I bet all of this youth will pass us up in revelation. Amen. There'll be young men that come up that can out preach me or any preacher that's ever preached in this pullpit with greater revelation, greater clarity, greater ability. And I want to be the place to fan them on and say, "Go, boy. Go. I love it. It's great. I never saw that before, but thank God he brought it through you." Not to put them under thumb and say, "Well, you didn't get that from me and you didn't get learn it from me and I'm the master of every Come on. That's horrible." Amen. We want everybody to grow and reach their full potential. Amen. We want every life to reach its full potential. And the church, yes, we're supposed to be nurturing and loving and caregiving and create an environment. That's what mom does. She she creates an environment at home. Everybody wants to come home to mom's house. At least if you have a healthy relationship with mom and a good mom, everybody wants to come home to mom's house because mom creates that environment. Grand's connected. Mom's loving. But mom also won't let you suffer. It's dad who will say, "Son, I think you could jump that creek." And mom's like, "No, they can't. Son, let me help you build the ramp for your bike. I think you can go a little higher." And mom's like, "No, no, no, no, no. What are you doing?" And say, "Shh, it's going to be okay." Cuz dad knows that boy's got to overcome. He's got to meet challenges. He's got to be willing to take a risk. But what if he falls down and hurts himself? What if he falls down and hurts himself? You know, God will stand and watch you fall down and hurt yourself. That's right. Yes, sir. But the church never will. The church never will. Amen. If you fall down and hurt yourself, guess what? You're going to have five or six people show up at the hospital and say, "Oh, brother, I'm so sorry. What happened to you? Let's pray together. Here's a basket of flowers. Here's a bunch of candy and chocolates. Cuz the church is a mother role and we should do that. We shouldn't ever be any different than that. Amen. But God's the one who says, "Hey, stand back for a minute. This is my boy. I want to see if you can make the jump." That's right. That's why healthy, well-balanced children come out of a home with a mother and a father. And I believe healthy, well-balanced Christians come from a place where they've got the love and nurture and and affection of a of a church, a stable church that gather around them and love them and care for them. But they also are constantly pointed to the son, to the father. But father says, but father says, but father says, but father says. And if we don't know, let's ask father. Yeah. Amen. And if I don't know, let's wait till father tells us what to do. and and and and hey, we don't want to be the kind of church that tries to tries to overcompensate for our lack of dad because sometimes in our development, in our spiritual development, God will let us struggle through. God will let us do hard things. God will let us face issues, face our mistakes, face challenges and and he and he and he wants us to and but but not so with mom, not so with the church. And when the word lays an issue out and the word says this is the way to do it, we can't as a church say but that's too hard. But they have a special circumstance. But I feel so sorry for them. The minute we do that, we're trying to overcompensate. And it appears to be that the church loves me more than God loves me. Or the church loves me more than the word loves me. The word is hard, but the church is loving. When the church does that, what is the church doing? The church is fighting for affection. Right. Fighting the word for the affection of the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The best thing we can do is have people fall in love with the word and point to the word and point to the word and point to the But what if we're diminished? And so be it. Let's be diminished. Point to the word. Point to the word for the father says. And even in hard situations, there's time that there's time for church discipline. You know that. But we only do so because the word said, not because we like it. There's sometimes you have to say no to something. Sometimes you can you say yes to something or there's times you say no and we don't say no because we like saying no. We say no because father said no. Amen. Amen. But we can't start making excuses and making this motherly love begin to compensate and compete with the affections of the people. I say, Lord, let us stay in our place and reflect that right light and set up a place that's spiritually healthy, that's balanced, where people can mature to the full potential. Amen. I look forward to the day one of these young boys that grow up or even from somewhere else comes through the church 30 years younger than me and starts preaching the word. I'm like, I'm blown away. I've never heard this before. Where did you get that's the I know that's the message. heard those quotes, but I never caught that before. God bless you, boy. Amen. Amen. Where we see where we see growth in our young people, we see growth in our families, we see people growing in a healthy way, and they got their own relationship with the father. Amen. See, mother can never become jealous of father. You know, there's a time in life when things begin to turn. When a when a when a toddler's tiny and everything's about mom, mom, mom, mom, mom's everything. But as they start to grow up, then dad becomes every dad becomes the hero. Dad is great. Dad's a superhero. Dad wears a cape. Dad can do anything. And mom can't get jealous of that because that's the healthiest thing for that child to start to turn towards dad because dad's got to guide them through the rest of their adoption phase, the rest of the maturing phase. And that's what we need to do as a a group of believers. We need to say, "Hey, you need you need to get connected with your father. You need to know him." Look at what God says about Abraham in Genesis 18. Says, "And the Lord said, ' Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do, seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him, for I know him that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment, that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he has spoken of him." God chose Abraham. But what did he say he knew about Abraham? I I know Abraham. I know him that he will command his children in his household after him. They shall keep the way of the Lord. What was it that God knew about Abraham? He chose Abraham. But what was it he loved about Abraham? That Abraham was going to teach his household to follow after the Lord. Amen. I want God to say that of me. In Exodus chapter 3, God's speaking to Moses. He says, "Moreover," he said, "I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob." And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. He went when he when when he when he talked to Moses and he began to uh identify himself said, "I'm the God of your father, the God of Abraham." He goes right down through his spiritual lineage. But praise God. Do you know that you're a child of Abraham by faith spiritually? You're a child of Abraham. You're a descendant of Abraham. You're part of the seed of Abraham, part of Christ. Amen. And so now he's the God of our father Abraham and now he's our God. Amen. Moses here at the burning bush, he comes in contact with his father. Moses was born a proper child. We we know the story uh uh back in Egypt. He was born under a sign. He was born a proper child and his parents hid him for three months. And then they then they because of the decree to go out to kill all the male Jewish boys, they had to hide him away. And then to save his life, they had to put him in an ark and float him down the Nile. And he was found by Pharaoh's daughter. But his sister Miriam went along to watch the little ark along the way. And when he saw when she saw Pharaoh's uh uh daughter pull him out of the of the Nile and take him up, she quickly ran to him and said, "Shall I fetch a nursemaid from the Hebrew women?" And so she said, "Yes." So she went and got her mother, which was Moses' mom. And Moses was nursed by his own mom, and she got paid for it, too. That was pretty good. But she began to teach Moses, you're a deliverer. From the time he could first begin to to to understand what she was saying, she would begin to teach him about Abraham. We're we're the children of Abraham. And God made a promise to our father Abraham. And that promise was that we should sojourn in a strange land for 400 years, but he'll bring us out with a mighty hand. And son, you were born under a sign. when you were born, this was the sign that we saw and you're a proper child and we hid you away and God's preserved you because you're the deliverer. You know, everything she was telling him was the truth. Amen. And there was nothing inappropriate in what she was telling him because it was all the truth. They were children of Abraham. It was time for the promise. He was the po to be the place of the fulfillment of the promise. And she was telling him the word. Listen. She was telling him the word for his day. Amen. the promise for his day. She was telling him his position in that promise, his purpose in life, who his father was, what his lineage was, that he was Abraham's lineage, that he's part of the promise, and that he's part of he's part of the deliverance. She told him the truth. She told him the word for his day. She had preached it perfectly. But although Moses got enthused, and although Moses believed it, it didn't translate into a life that Moses could put into service. Moses had to run away after trying on his own effort to deliver Israel. Killed one Egyptian, ran away scared for his life. Went to the backside of the desert for 40 years and got beat around and beat out and tossed around and had all kinds of experiences. But finally, when God was ready, he came to him. And now, this wasn't mother telling him the story. Now, it was father telling him the story. Amen. When he met the pillar of fire, which was no more than almighty God. when he met the pillar of the fire, the pillar of fire confirmed the promise. And now everything the church has been telling you is true. I'm here as your father to bring you into adoption. Amen. Listen, we come to church Sunday and Wednesday and Sunday and Wednesday, and the best thing that we can do is tell you what hour it is, what time it is, what the promise is for Abraham's seed, what's going on, and what your part is in it. But you've got to meet the pillar of fire. You got to meet dad because dad is the only one that can bring you to maturity and bring you to your position and bring you to adoption. The church can't do it. We're doing what we should do. As we nurse you along, as we give you life, we teach you all the stories. We tell you all the things. We tell you where we came from and where we're going and what the purpose is. That's exactly what the church should be doing. Jockabed was doing exactly what she should have done as she nursed life and strength and care into Moses. As a church, we do that. We help you take your first steps and we help you spiritually along. We help teach you that the word of the day. Amen. But at some point, you've got to meet your father. Amen. And he's got to tell you who you are. He's got to confirm everything you heard. Moses has got to the place where he just thought mom was wrong. Out in the wilderness kicking around, following goats, following sheep. Amen. He got thinking, "Well, maybe mom was wrong." and maybe what I heard, maybe it doesn't apply to me. Maybe there's a mistake somewhere. Yeah. But when he met his father, and his father told him, I'm confirming to you everything you heard in church is right, and you're the one. Amen. Oh, God, help us meet the burning bush. Every one of you young people, everybody. Amen. May God help you come in contact with the burning bush where everything you've heard in church and you're not sure. Is it me? Is it not me? Is it right? Is it not right? May your father come to you and say, "Son, it's you and it's time for you to start growing up now. This is the purpose I have for you. You're my bride. You're going to manifest my word in this end time." Amen. Amen. It takes the father to bring us into position. Mother can nurture, mother can teach, mother can give life, and she can sustain life, but it takes God to bring us into position. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. Excuse me while I try to find out where I am. Praise be to God. I want to jump down a little bit. Reb says in the God who is rich in mercy says I'm only saying this not to mix up doctrine but to straighten it out that we might get away from this fear and scare you don't know who you are you're not going to be but now are you the sons of God see you always were sons of God for when God had you in his thinking at the beginning you have to be some part of you your life that's in you now had to be with God before well when he was before he was even become material on the earth before there was anything but God you were one of his attributes He knowed what your name would be. He knowed the color of hair you would have. He knowed all about you. John in 1 John 3, John says this, "Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God." Just think of that sentence just for a minute. Yeah. What manner of love the father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Can you think of anything greater in your life than to be called a son of God? Therefore, the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. What manner of love the father's bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God in the message the comforter he says oh he's a good father he's the fountain of goodness the great resource of all goodness and fatherhood belongs to our God he's so good to his believing children is he so good to you he's so good to me. Amen. You know, and in a healthy home, there's no competition between mom and dad. Mom's happy to be mom and dad's happy to be dad. Spiritually, there should be no competition between the word and the church. Man, we want the word to be preeminent. We want the word to be dominant. We want the word to be the light. And we just want to reflect that light. We We're not here to bring forth our own life. We're bring here to bring forth his life. We're not here to reproduce ourselves on the earth. We're here to reproduce him on the earth. Where it's all about him. It's all about the father. It's all about the male. And we're just here to facilitate that and care for it, nurture it, and do all that we can to help it along. But we can never replace the father. We can never be the father. We can only play the role that God's called us to play. And you know what's beautiful is the word the word of God never teaches us to disrespect the church. Forsake not the assembling togethers of yourself. I mean all these scriptures that tell us to come to church. The word never tells us to disrespect the church. And the church should never teach us to disrespect the word. Amen. Dad should never let his children disrespect mom. That's right. And mom should never let the children disrespect dad. Do you get it? Amen. Amen. Amen. God never taught us to do away with church. The Bible never taught us to do away with church. To forsake the assembling together. No. Never did. And neither did the prophet. Never disrespected the church. But may the church never disrespect God. Amen. So that there's a mutual respect. Amen. That that the the the to tell my children as they get older and they start moving into independence. Amen. Always always when they move into independence, they want to shake loose a little bit of of mother's overreaching care and mother's security and mother's safety. They want to they want to stretch, especially boys. And there's nothing wrong with that. They've got to move into manhood. They've got to be able to make their own decisions and move out. But they can never do it in a way that disrespects their mom. There's a father here who's here to make sure that hap that doesn't happen. And although we want people to grow spiritually, to be spiritually independent, to be have their own relationship with God, and to be able to come into adoption with God and God work through them as an individual, they can never disrespect the church. Amen. Or the role that the church plays. Yeah. Because the Bible doesn't. Amen. Everybody's got to play their part. Amen. But we want God the Father to be supreme. And he's the great resource of all goodness. And fatherhood belongs to our God. In Romans 8:14, it says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father." The spirit self bearing witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. Oh, I'm so glad that he's given us the spirit of adoption that cries, "Aba, Father." There's something in us that loves our father, that loves that loves his love for us. That's crying out to him. Amen. In this message, there's a I want to read this quote and then I want to go to one more scripture as we close. Says, could you imagine a little mouse about that long under the great garners of Egypt saying, "I just better eat two grains a day. It may not last through the winter. Oh my, he wants you to ask abundantly so that your joy could be full. Don't be afraid to ask God for anything, for he's willing, more willing to give it than you are to receive it. If we just get that little shadow wiped away to know that he's willing to do it, you're his children. He loves you. You know how you like to minister and do good things to your children? The very strain of fatherhood of parent to your children comes from God. That's right. because he's the father of us all and he loves us and he wants to do for us. If he can just get us lined up with the blessing and so forth, he can trust us. Then there's just the heavens is open to all of us. God, brother said God loves to bless his children. And every true father loves to bless his children. But he said if he could get us lined up to his word, to his program, he loves to bless us. God's blessing will never equal spoiling. Right. Amen. God loves to bless us. And and it's so important for us to realize that that God's desire is to bless us. He's the fountain of all good things and fatherhood's in him. And what he wants to do is show our blessings. And he wants to bless us more than we even want we even realize how much he wants to bless us. But he can never bless us in a way that stunts our spiritual maturity. He can never bless us in a way that inhibits our growth. Right? So sometimes he's got to let us make our choice and make our mistake and move outside of his blessing so we can learn a lesson so that he can we can get lined up with his program so he can pour the blessings. It's never that he doesn't want to bless us. He always wants to bless us. But sometimes the greatest blessing is not in showering out blessings but letting us go our own way for a little bit because he's a good father. Man, that's the role of a father. A father's going to make sure that his children aren't spoiled. are spoiled. If you can turn with me to Luke chapter 15. Luke chapter 15 and let's go to verse 11. Luke chapter 15 and verse 11. says, ' And a certain man had two sons, and the younger of them said to his father, "Father, give me the portion of goods that fallth to me, and he divideth unto them his living. And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with righteous living." And when he had spent all there, there arose a mighty famine in the land. And he began to be in want. And he went into and joined himself to the citizen of that country. And he sent him into the fields to feed swine. And he would fain have filled his belly with the husk that the swine did eat, and no man gave unto him. And when he came to himself, he said, "How many hired servants of my fathers have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger? I will arise and go to my father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee. And I am no more worthy to be called thy son. Make me as one of the hired servants. And he arose and he came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him and had compassion and ran and fell on his neck and kissed him. And the son saith unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son. But the father said to his servants, "Bring forth the best robe, and put on him, and put put it on him, and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet, and bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it, and let us eat and be merry. For this my son was dead and is alive again. He was lost and is found," and they began to be merry. Here you have the story of a son. We know him as the prodical son in the Bible. He he couldn't live in his father's house the way he wanted to live cuz his father had a standard and his father wasn't going to adjust the standard for the son. So when the son didn't want to live the father's standard, he went away. Yeah. And the father didn't change his standard to keep the son. Amen. Because the son would have lost respect for the father if he had. Amen. See, the father wanted this son and he wanted him to come to adoption. Because the father cared about his character and cared about his adoption, he couldn't change his standard to keep the son. He had to keep the standard because he wanted the son to come to adoption. I hope this makes sense because if he had given into the the willful fancies of the son and changed the standard for the son, the son would have never learned self-restraint and self-control and he could never be a son that he could back up and let him take the family business. But the father wanted a son that he could turn everything over to so that he could diminish and so he could exalt a son. Yeah. And so in order to do that, he's got to remain the father. and he can't shower blessings and he can't bless what he can't bless. So he says, "Father, let me go ahead and my inheritance. I'm done. I'm going. I've got a different life I want to live." And he gives it to him and he lets him go. Neither does the father chase him down. Yeah. This is important, right? Because this is how the father deals with you and I. Yes. when he gets the fill of his life, when he goes his own way, not his father's way, but his own way, and he goes to the end of that way and he finds himself with nothing. He didn't lean on his father's wisdom, his father's experience, his father's leadership. He went in his own leadership in his own way. And when he comes to the ruination and end of everything, Amen. Now he he's a servant. He's feeding swine. He wants to eat the pig's food. And all of a sudden, he remembers the character of his father. Amen. because his father maintained a godly character and didn't give in to the whims of his son. And when he realized the character of his father, then he says, "How many servants in my father's house have plenty of bread? How many I'm not worthy to be a son, but I will run back to my father and ask if I can serve my father." Amen. Praise God. Look at the attitude of this son. He realizes my father was right. My father was my righteous and he's holy and he's got everything that I need. I can't go back as a son. I'm ashamed. But I'll go back just as a servant. My father's the kind of man I would love to serve. Right? But when the father sees him a long way off, what does he do? He beholds him. He has compassion on him. And he runs out to meet him and embraces him. And his son tells him, "Father, I'm not worthy to be called a son." And listen, he doesn't answer the son. Father, I'm not worthy to be called your son. I've done all this bad stuff. I'm not worthy at all. I'm not worthy to be called your son. He never says a word. He never responds to that at all. He calls the servant, "Go get the robe. Go get the ring. Go kill the fatted cats. Put shoes on his feet. This is my son. He's always been my son. He will always be my son. There's nothing he can do that will take him from being my son." But the father was waiting for him to come to adoption. And he had to let him go. And he had to let him decide. And he had to keep a standard. And he had to do all the things that he did. But he never changed the way he felt about his son. And when he came back learning hard lessons, he learn I think he learned some hard lessons. When he came back, he came back different. But the father's love had never changed. And what did the father say? Bring the robe. Bring the royal garment. Yes. put shoes on his feet. He's not a servant. He's a son. And put the ring on his finger. What's he doing? He's bringing him back into adoption. What he always wanted for this son was for the son to mature into a place that he can entrust him with the signate ring. Amen. Oh, praise God. That's the goal of our father to bring us into this place of adoption where he can slip the ring on our finger. Oh, he won't change the standard for us, friends. Because if he changes the standard, we'll lose respect. But when we go our own way and we failed again and again and we find ourselves in situations we don't like in places that are miserable. Amen. We Hey, listen. There's many times I've been so willing just to be a servant, to go back to a righteous God who does everything right and his house has everything in order. But he's never let me come back as a servant. No matter how much I messed up, he wants me to come back as a son in position as an adopted son. Amen. To take my place back in the family. Amen. Because that's where that son was always meant to be with a ring on his finger. That's what God's doing with us right now. And we have trials. Yes. Does he let hard things happen? Yes. Does he let us make our own choices? And he doesn't stop us. Listen, mom would stop you. Mom would stop you. Don't do that, son. You can't. No, I won't let you out the door. You're going to hurt yourself. Stand in front of the door. No, you can't go out there. You're going to get killed on the motorcycle. Dad will say, "Mom, there's nothing else we can do. He's of age. He's got to learn his lesson." Yeah. That's the difference between a mother and a father. And that's the difference between God and the church. We don't want anybody to get hurt. We don't want anybody to suffer. Listen, as a pastor, sometimes I sit down with people and they tell me the struggles that they've gone through and I tell them, "Listen, I if if it was up to me, I wouldn't have any suffering for you because the stories are so hard. The situations are so difficult. I mean there's real pain, there's real suffering, there's real hardship, but the fact is you can see that God has allowed it for a purpose. And although as a pastor and all as a brother, I would never want you to go through that. And I would never if if God asked me, okay, this is the decision I want to make. I'm going to have him suffer. I'm going to make it easy. I'll say easy. If you ask me, just I don't want them to suffer. I don't want anybody to suffer. I don't want anybody to have it hard. I don't want them to have a bad day, a difficulty, a sickness, a loss of anything. Yeah. Right. But God doesn't look at it that way. That's the way we look at it as a church. We would say no suffering, no hardship, no sickness, no loneliness. Yeah. Right. But that's not how God does it. That's not how God sees it. He sees character for reigning, maturity, coming to adoption. He sees it as necessary sometimes. And that's why we have to have a mother and a father. The church has a role to play, but she can never take the place of the father. And you're never going to come to maturity unless you can grow past that nurture of the mother and move into a relationship with the father where the father can deal with you as a son and bring you to adoption. Where you quit running to mom every time you get a boo boo. Yeah. You ever seen a a mom and a dad, an overprotective mom on the playground? Every time the kid falls, first thing he does to look up to see if mom looked. And if mom looked, he wales. But if mom didn't see him, he'll get up and play. And usually when dad's there and he goes on his bike and he falls and and dad says, "It's okay. Let him get up. He'll be okay. It's all right, Mom. He's 15 now. You know, you don't have to run over there with a Flintstone band-aid and Neosporin because that's the different view of a mother and a father. As a church, we want no suffering, no hardship, nothing ever hard. I want nothing ever hard to happen in your life today because I don't like to see you suffer. But God when he's your father, he says that's my son and he can handle it. That's my daughter and she can over she needs to overcome that. She needs and that's why when we mature friends, we need to go past the church and quit crying every time we get a boo boo and run to the church and ask for a bunch of sympathy and help. We need to just get up as a son or daughter of God and say, "My father knows what I need. My father's looking out for me and he's training me to be a son." And all these things work together for good. Amen. Sometimes people use their social media post or their WhatsApp statuses just to get sympathy from the church. It's a hard time. It's so hard for me. Start a prayer chain. Sometimes what we need to do is grow up and say, "God, you're in charge of me and I'm with you and I trust in you." I'm not going to use every hardship in my life to get affection from 50 other people. That's immaturity. Amen. I'm going to grow up to a place where God, if you allowed it, it's for a purpose. And if I need comfort, you'll send it to me. But I'm trusting in you to lead me through. And help me, Lord, to learn what I need to learn. And help me to grow to be more like you day by day. We need a mother, but we we're desperate for a father. We're never going to make it to maturity unless we come into an individual relationship with God Almighty, our father. Yes. And that's what we need more than anything. And the care of a mother, the care of the church, the love of the church will never go away, will never diminish it. It'll never never disrespect it, never go away. But to come to maturity, we need our father. May God bless you. Let's all stand together. I'm going to I'm going to read these two scripture in this quote while we're standing and the musicians come. I quoted it earlier, but I just want to read it together. Matthew 17:5. This is mount transfiguration when God adopted Jesus Christ. While he has spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them. And behold, a voice out of the cloud which said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." Brother Brandham says, "While he was yet speaking, God shut him up. He said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Hear ye him." God put himself in the background and said, "This is my son." You notice what God did in Eden when he went to his rest. He put himself in the background and gave all of creation over to Adam and Adam's wife and said, "This is him now. Whatever you say, Adam." Yeah. And Adam could speak to nature. He could speak through the tree to pluck up and move. He could speak. And what did God do? He went to take his rest because now he had a son on the earth. You know what God wants to do in his millennium? He wants to do the same thing. He wants he brought Christ into adoption. Now he's trying to bring the bride into the adoption. Amen. So what? So he could bring us back to rule and reign with Christ for a thousand years. And what's he going to do? Take his rest and move to the background and say that's them. I've trained them. Yeah. I've brought them to adoption. I've brought them to perfection. They can handle the world. Yeah. That's what it's all about, friends. That's what all of our trials and troubles and our growing and everything that we've been through. It's all about coming to that place where he can say, "These are my this is my family. Here they are. They're going to rule and reign for a thousand years." I say, "Thank God." Amen. For the wisdom of our father. And may God help us to make our homes reflect his great desire for family and his great picture of family. We We got to play our roles. We got to do our part. We got to do it faithfully. But we we can't diminish from any other role. We can't disrespect mother. We can't disrespect father. And God bless you. You have a song, Blake. Let's sing together as we dismiss. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hand in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Every road I walk down, I know is in his hand. I put my life in his hands. My father knows. My father knows what I need. What I need. Knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Amen. God bless you. I just want to be under the direction of my father. You know what else I'm thankful for? I'm thankful for a body of believers that loves me. Thankful for people who hug your neck and shake your hand and ask you how you're doing and create an environment and will love at all times. I'm thankful for that. Don't want to diminish either. We need we need a church, but we need a father. I'm so glad that in this generation, he's presented himself in the full measure of himself so that we can come to the full revelation of who we are, what he's doing in our lives, what he's trying to accomplish in us, so there's no more confusion. So thankful for each one of you. I love you all. Such an encouragement to me. You're such a source of love and inspiration and strength. Your text message, your cards, they do me a world of good and I need it. I need love and encouragement. You need love and encouragement. I thank God we can have a fellowship of believers, a body of believers to nurture and care and love and create a beautiful environment and a place we always want to come back to. I'm thankful in this generation we can have that and we can have a father on the scene to direct us to adoption. I believe this is the best generation to ever be on earth and we get the privilege of the full picture of God in this generation. Thank God. God bless you all. Let's bow our heads together and thank the Lord. Lord Jesus, God, we thank you, Lord, for your goodness to us that we can be alive in this day, Lord, in this hour when you begin to express yourself in fullness, no longer partial, but a full manifestation through your bride and through your word, Lord, as they come together to unite to do what, Lord? To reproduce you on this earth, God. May we stay true to that, Lord, to that purpose above all else. May we yield ourselves to that purpose. May we surrender to it, Lord. May you use each one of us, Lord, as you bring us to adoption, Lord. May you deal with us each personally. And God, I pray if there's anybody here, Lord, they've been like Moses who had a good mother who would teach them the word for their day, would tell them about the promise of the hour and the promise of Abraham's seed and the position that they were in and the promise that was in Moses's life. She was a good mama and she did her job well, but it just somehow didn't change Moses. He needed something else, Lord. And if there's anyone here that's in that spot, they've been hearing the preaching. They've been hearing the word. They've been hearing the teaching. They've been nurtured and cared for and loved in the church. I pray God that you would present yourself to them as a loving father. Lord, that you would come to them as you did to Moses in the burning bush. May there be individuals who meet the pillar of fire. May they meet you tonight. May they meet you in their homes, in their rooms along the way, Lord. May you present yourself to them and call them out to come a little higher, Lord, to come into this place where you want to bring us into our position and move us, Lord, into a relationship with you that'll bring us into the fullness of adoption. God, maybe there's several, maybe there's many that have heard the mother teach, but God, they need to hear your voice. Speak directly to them that you're my son, and I'm bringing you to this position. You've heard about it, but I'm here to call you into it. Lord, would you call tonight? Would you call your sons and daughters into the position they've been hearing about, Lord? They've heard it. They've heard the truth. It's right and they're the right ones, but they need the father's voice to say it's me and you're the one and I'm calling you into this position to be my bride in this end time. God, would you do that work in your children? I pray for we love you, Lord. And we know only you can do that work. We surrender to you. We thank you, Father, for all you've done for us, Lord. As you lead us through, God, no doubt there's testings and trials and things that we have to learn, Lord, through the ups and the downs and the goods and the bads. God, help us not to complain, but help us to be thankful that we have a father watching over our instruction. You're watching over our training and our learning, Lord. And you're making sure that we're never tried more than we can endure. And we're making sure, Lord, that that you've provided for everything we need. You've given your word in due season. You've given your spirit to help us go through and may lord we learn just to trust you in the journey for you have a definite purpose for us. We love you father. We love that we can call you father. And what greater blessing is bestowed upon us than that we are called the sons of god. Oh God how we love you in this hour. Bless your children as we go from here. And may we reflect this word in our lives in our homes and our persons. We love you. May we as a church, Lord, be in our right position. May you keep us in that position. And may we never fight you for your position, Lord. We love you. We ask you for these things. May they be a reality to us. May they come into a manifestation in us all. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Aba father take my life and let it be consecrated Lord to thee. Take my moments and my days. Let them flow in ceaseless praise. Let them flow in cases. [Music] Come father. L of Father, deep with in my soul I cry. [Music] L of Father, heaven of Father, I will never cease to love you. Take my will and make it thine, it shall be no longer mine. Take my heart, it is thy, it shall be thy royal throne. It shall be my royal throne. Take my love. Take my love. My God I pour at thy feet treure store. Take myself. I shall be ever only all for thee. Ever only all for thee. Have a father. A father. A father. [Music] Deep within my soul I cry. [Music] Father, ever. I will never cease to love you. Take my life. Take my life. Let it be consecrated Lord to thee. Take my moments and my days. Let them flow in ceaseless grace. Let them flow in peacees. Grace, take my will. Take my will and make it thine. It shall be no longer mine. Take my heart. It is thine own. It shall be thy royal throne. It shall be thy royal throne. Take my love. Take my love. My God I for thy feet treure stores. Take myself and I shall be ever only for thee. Everly all for thee ab father. Ever Father, heaven father, deep within my soul I cry. [Music] Love father, love of father, I will never cease to love you. [Music]
