################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - 250514 - Chad Lamb God in Partnership With Man - Part 2 - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   250514 - Chad Lamb: God in Partnership With Man - Part 2
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tp8K9sjKIZA
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] We're together again just praising the [Music] Lord. We're together again. And in one accord something good is bound to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again just praising the Lord. And we're together again just praising the Lord for we're together again in one [Music] accord. Something good is bound to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, I want to see him as I journey through the land. Singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary, to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. I'll pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when in service for my Lord, dark may be the night. But I'll cling more close to him, he will give me light. Satan snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead. Please whatever tide. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Dare to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all vast home at last ever to rejoice. When in valleys low I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fight. With a tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley low. Guiding me as I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all passed home at last ever to rejoice. When before me pillows rise from the mighty deep, then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep. And he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past at last. Ever to rejoice. Let's do verse four organ before me. pillows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Care love at last ever to rejoice. I have a maker. [Music] before my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. And he knows my name. And he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls and hears me when I [Music] I have a [Music] father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go. And he knows my name. And he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls and hears me when I go. Oh, first skin. And he knows my name. And he knows my every thought. [Music] He sees me each year that falls and he hears me when I call. He gives me a great shine now near the s In the thighing [Music] Jesus, he speaks the truth. Being hard to cheer. Oh, hear the voice of [Music] Jesus. Sweet as love in Sarah song. Sweetest name on mortal [Music] tongue. Sweetest ever sung. It's Jesus. [Music] Blessed Jesus, your many sins are all for. Oh, here the voice of Jesus. [Music] Go on your way in peace to heaven and where a crown with Jesus. Verse three. All glory to the dying lamb. I now believe in Jesus. I love the L said name. I love the name of Jesus. Oh sweet as snow in [Music] s sweetest name one mortal tongue sweetest carol Ever son Jesus, blessed Jesus. [Music] And when to that bright world above, we rise to be with Jesus. will sing around. The throne of love is name the name of Jesus. That's where brother Chad comes. Sweet as known in Sarah song, sweetest name on mortal [Music] tongue, sweetest [Music] Ever son is Jesus blessed Jesus one more time. Oh, sweet as no [Music] in song. Sweet as name on mortal tongue. Oh, sweet as carol son. Oh Jesus, [Music] blessed [Music] Jesus. Amen. God bless you this evening. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we come once again, Lord, to another service. God, we just want to express our gratefulness for your goodness to us to allow us this opportunity, Lord. And we pray, God, now as we turn to look into your word, God, you give us eyes to see and ears to hear all that you've written for us and spoke to us in this end time. And God, may you open our understanding as you open to us the scriptures. May you draw us into that deeper relationship we're craving with you. May you peel back the scales from our eyes that we might see the real reality all around us. Lord, we love you. I pray you take this vessel under your control and that you would speak your eternal words through these lips. And may we leave here, Lord, having grown and gained and been blessed, given you glory and honor for all that you are, Lord. And may your name be praised. We love you and ask your blessing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this evening. It's certainly good to be here together again and we count it a great privilege. And before we turn to the scripture, I just want to let you know that today is a very special service that we will have two baptisms at the end of service this evening. The first will be uh uh brother Preston Rogers. Preston Rogers is back here with uh brotherh Joseph Scott. He's a friend of brother Joseph's from Barber College and they've been sharing some good fellowship together and he recognized his need to be baptized by immersion in water and in the name of Jesus Christ. So we had a good conversation on Monday and and it's exciting to see him baptized. And also brother Griffin Schwarz has asked to be baptized and he says he's felt the Lord calling him and drawing him and so we're super excited for that as well. So amen. It's a blessed day. Amen. To be in service. God is so good. Amen. Before we turn to the word too, I want to let you know that brother Marcus Becker will be here this Sunday. This coming Sunday he'll take the morning service and then we have a youth service in the afternoon. He'll be ministering that one as well. So be praying for that. And also to uh tomorrow I leave with all the young adults to go to the young adults weekend in Michigan. So pray for us. We'll be gone for a few nights. We'll be back uh Saturday evening. We'll be back here in service on Sunday. Amen. So if you can remember that in prayer as well, we appreciate it. Amen. While we're standing, let's take our Bibles and turn to the book of Jeremiah. I want to continue on with the thought from Sunday, God in partnership with man. So, this will be part two. It's a thought that I really don't want to leave too quickly. Amen. And we'll just see how the Lord leads, but uh I've got several things I'd like to share if God will permit. in Jeremiah chapter 1. We'll go all the way back and look at verse 4. Jeremiah chapter 1 verse4. Then the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Before I formed thee in the belly, I knew thee. And before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and ordained thee a prophet unto the nations. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. What a scripture. Amen. Remember, we're talking about God in partnership with man. And if you remember from Sunday, so many things that were were we were sharing and and how God chose to work through man. And if we read our Bible, the whole Bible is a story of God working through mankind. God selecting his people and working through his people to accomplish his purpose. Amen. And so we see here in Jeremiah, he tells Jeremiah, uh, before I formed thee in the belly, I knew thee. And before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee and ordained thee a prophet into the nations. So Jeremiah doesn't really have an option. He's not he's not been asked what he thinks about this. God just told him, "Before you were formed in the belly, before I brought you forth from the womb, I already sanctified you. That means I set you apart for me and and I ordained you. That that means he predestinated he purposed. I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations. So God had made this choice before Jeremiah could do good or bad or right or wrong or whether he could make any decisions. God had already purposed what his life was going to be for. Amen. And I I think this is beautiful because I don't think it applies only to Jeremiah. Amen. I believe it applies to all the children of God. That the children of God are the seed of God. And God knew them before they were predestinated and elect and chosen in Christ Jesus before the foundation of the world. But God didn't just half-hazardly, Amen, just think, well, I'll have some children someday. But he knew exactly who were his children and exactly when they would come forth and exactly what their purpose would be on earth. So I don't look at this just to Jeremiah. I take this for myself. Amen. that God has has chosen me and ordained me. Before I was formed in the belly, before I came forth from the womb, he already had sanctified me unto himself. That means set me apart for a service and ordained me. Now, none of this takes away from free moral agency. I'm sure Jeremiah had choices to make. God was not going to override free choice, but God had already purposed and placed something in Jeremiah that would follow God's will. Amen. Amen. Amen. the same for us. Amen. So God needed, if I could say it this way, God needed Jeremiah. Amen. To fulfill his purpose upon the earth. He needed a prophet in that age. And he ordained Jeremiah to be that prophet. Amen. God had a a message to get to the people. He had a a work to do. And Jeremiah was part of that plan. And God had ordained it before. Amen. He says in the message leadership, you're here because your name was placed on the lamb's book of life before there was even a foundation of the world. That's exactly right. You're a gene, a spiritual gene out of your heavenly father, a part of God's word. Amen. So God is not hoping that he'll have children and hoping that his purpose will be accomplished and hope. He foresaw it. Amen. He already foresaw and he already ordained it and he knew when you would come forth and and he knew what part you would play. Amen. And things that are to be. He says, "And may that little germ of life, the gene of God that was just we just talked of that attribute that came down from God and has been manifested here to honor and glorify God, God moved the world from that." Amen. This is brother Brandham. He's praying and he's talking to God and he's recognizing that there's something in him and his soul that came from God. A little germ of life. Amen. A gene of God that come an attribute that come down from God. Something God placed in him to express. Amen. Part of the word of God. And here's what brother Beam said. God move the world from that. Just it's already there. Just move away anything that hinders. Move the world away so that it can express. And I think that's our prayer today. God, just move the world away from that. Amen. That portion of you that you ordained to be in us to manifest in this hour. In in Psalms 139 verse 13, David writes this, "For thou hast possessed my reigns. Thou has covered me in my mother's womb. I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret, and curiously rot in the lowest parts of the earth. Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect. And in thy book all my members were written, which in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them. Yeah. David's saying, you've already have a record of me, and you knew all my members. You knew all about me. You you you had me recorded in your book before I was even formed. I was not hid from you. You knew all about it and you understood it. Even what was going on in secret, you could see into the secret and understand how I was being formed because you had already recorded it in your book. Praise God. Amen. The Apostle Paul says this in Galatians 1:15. He says, "But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb and called me by his grace to reveal his son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen." So Paul Paul saying it was God who separated me from my mother's womb. It was God because God intended for me to be born in that in that age. Right? Paul was saying it was God who brought me forth in this day. God who separated me from my mother's womb. God who called me by his grace. Why? To reveal his son in me. That was God's purpose in the Apostle Paul. Amen. To reveal his son in me. That's why he separated from his mother's womb. That's why he called him by grace because there was something in him that was going to be expressed. Praise God. Remember we we were speaking on Sunday out of the book of Acts when Saul who was going to be named Paul. But when Saul came on down the road of Damascus, he was persecuting the church and he was hailing them into prison. And he had letters, you know, from the high priest and the chief priest. And he was going down and wreaking havoc on the church. Amen. And they were terrified. And he was going into Damascus to do great damage to the church of God. But he met he met Jesus Christ in the form of a pillar of fire. And his bright light smoteed him to the ground. And the voice spoke to him and told him, "Amen, why do you kick against the pricks?" And he says, "Who are you, Lord?" And he says, "I'm Jesus whom you persecute." And and Saul just got a revelation right then of the ones that he was handling, the ones that he was mishandling. That was Jesus Christ. Amen. In his church, in his in his form, in his body, in his many membered body. And he realized right then he got a revelation. But then, you know, his eyes were blinded and he went to a house and he was there and God called Ananas and told Ananas to go and lay hands on him and pray for him. And Ananas was uh uh he he was concerned because of Saul's reputation. And he he mentioned that to God. And in Acts 9:15, he says, "But the Lord said unto him, go thy way, for he is a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the Gentiles and kings and the children of Israel." Yes. The question is when did God decide that Paul would bear his name before the Gentiles and the kings and the children of Israel? When did he make that decision? When Paul was on the road to Damascus, he said, "Huh, I think he'll do." He knew before the foundation of the world. When the prophecy was there that you'll be a light unto the Gentiles, he knew that was going to be Saul who'd be converted and become Paul. He already knew when the prophecy was made in Isaiah. Amen. That you'll be a light to lighten the Gentiles. He knew exactly who would carry that part of the word out. And it was Paul. And he says, "Go thy way for he's a chosen vessel unto me." And it's beautiful because what was Saul doing? Amen. Saul was wreaking h havoc of the church. He was hauling away men and women to prison. He was separating families. He was breaking up fellowships. He was having people stoned. There was great trouble that was coming. So God did not choose him because of his conduct. God did not choose him because of his actions, because of his repentance, because of God didn't choose him because he was doing right. God choose chose him in the midst of doing horrible deeds. Amen. This blesses my soul. Amen. Because my God cho didn't choose me because I got my act right. He chose me before the foundation of the world and ordained me and and already determined what work I would do. And I'm so glad because when Paul was being rotten, right? Rotten. And Ananas was telling God what rotten deeds he was doing. And in the rotten report of rotten deeds, he says, "But he's a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name." What do you mean bear your name? What a position. Paul didn't get his position because of his conduct. Amen. Paul didn't get his position because of how well he behaved or how successful he was. He got his position by predestination. The same is true for all of us, friends. We don't come to a certain position in the body of Christ because we've been successful and we've done a good job and we got a promotion and God says, "You're a good boy. You've done a good job." I think whatever you have to do in the body of Christ and whatever position God wants to place you in, he decided that before the foundation of the world. It wasn't based on our conduct and what we get right and what we got wrong. That's why God can positionally place you to do a work in his body and you can get it wrong and fail, but it doesn't change God's choosing. Amen. Praise be to God. So, he decided those things ahead of time. Amen. In the message, Abraham and his seed after him, the prophet says, God said, I love Jacob and hate Esau. He says it in Malachi and he says it again in Romans 9 before either child had a way to even make a choice. But God knew from the beginning what Esau was. He knowed what Jacob was. And God knowed in the beginning what you were and what you are not. Amen. He's not waiting to find out. He knew before. So therefore we cannot be nothing. But what if we if we cannot be like somebody else? Let's just be what God made us. That's all we can do. Anything other than that would be hypocrisy. We'd be a hypocrite. So, we do not want to be that. It'd be better to be an infidel than to be a hypocrite. Let's be just what we are. And all these things has to operate together to make the great wheels of God go on. And not one thing is going wrong. I'll guarantee you that. Amen. I I wanted to start diving into this in this subject. God in uh uh partnership with man because God was going to use man to do deeds upon the earth to fulfill and manifest his word which is himself which is his thoughts coming into manifestation. And God was going to choose the men and he was going to choose the time and he was going to choose the place and he placed us where he wanted us. We're not born in the wrong location at the wrong time in the wrong spot. Amen. If we believe that, then we've got something con misconstrued about our understanding about God. So, we're exactly in the right place at the right time for God's purpose. Amen. Amen. And so, and from the beginning, he knew what you were and what you're not. He knew what Jacob and Esau was before they were born. Yeah. Before they could do good or evil, he knew which one would take him at his word and which one would reject the promise. Yeah. He already knew. He knew what they were. He knew what was in them before they were born. And I don't believe that's just for Jacob or Esau. Amen. Amen. So God knowed from the beginning what you were and what you were not. So if God orained us to a time and a place and a position, do we believe that? Then if God ordained that, then he had to ordain our makeup to fulfill that purpose. Amen. Amen. And the prophet of God spends a lot of time telling us this. He tells us that God had to look after your greatgrandparents and your grandparents and your parents and and bring this one to this. And brother Bam said, "And breed this one to that one." Yeah. That's right. I mean, this is like a farmer. You're making sure he gets the right attributes out of, you know, I want a racehorse, so I got to get a a good a good male and a good mayor and a good stud horse and I bring them together. This is how Brother Bam's talking because God wanted us to fulfill a purpose. So, he had to get certain ingredients together. And Brother Benham says it like this. He said, "It's like a a a a bell maker making chimes. He put so much tin and so much lead and so much brass and so much of this in to get a certain ting so it plays a certain note. And not everyone can be made the same or else you can't play a song. Yeah. If they're all identical. They all have to play a different note so that you can play music. Amen. And he ties that back to us and the great orchestra of God. And everybody's got a different part to play and everybody's got a different instrument to play. Amen. And and God ordained it so. And because he ordained it, he had to ordain your birth and he had to ordain your your parents and he had to even ordain part of your genetics to bring us to the package that he foresaw that he could use. Now, we know because of the fall in the Garden of Eden that many things were mixed in that were not originally intended. We all agree. So, we've got to deal with some extra ingredients that none of us like. But not everything in you is wrong. The way you're made is not wrong. The essence of who you are is not wrong. The hybridization is wrong. The extra parts are wrong. But the essence of who you are is not wrong because God saw to it that you were fashioned in such a way to fulfill his purpose for your life. Amen. And to be sure that you would fulfill it and overcome those parts that weren't right, he he made a way that he could fill you with his spirit and give you the power to overcome and to manifest his life inside of you. Amen. Isn't God good? So in the message influence, he says, we notice we got so many Billy Grahams today, but see God never made but one Billy Graham. And you're not just And you're just as important as Billy Graham or Roberts or any of those famous men. You're just as important until you get out of your place and then you're no good at all. I love that. You're a hindrance to these men and you're a hindrance to yourself and the kingdom of God. Stay in your position. See, stay what God made you see and then you'll operate. Right. This reminds me of brother brother Ron Garvin was preaching a few Wednesdays back. Amen. your position that as Paul it's not nothing new Paul taught the same thing said if the hand shall say to the eye because I'm not of the eye or the ear say to the nose I'll no more be an ear because I'm not a nose or something you you can't do that the quote goes on says see it all fitly sets together and moves as one great unit and we mustn't try to impersonate anyone just be what you are see and that's the way God made you never fashioned yourself Right. There's no self-made men. That's right. You didn't pick your parents. But guess what? God did. That's right. You never fashioned yourself. And remember, as much as we ministers would like to take Billy Graham's place, we cannot do it. Neither can Billy Graham take our place. See, we each one has something to do. the common little fellow here that may be a janitor, the little woman that may be a housewife, the greatest minister on the face of the earth today could not take your place. God had a purpose in making you what you are and you just serve God in the way that he made you. And I think if we would just do that, the wheels would roll a lot easier. Yes, it would. If we if we would do that and not get lifted up. Amen. Oh, that's so good. If you just be what God made you and then recognize that God made you and if you have any gifts, God placed them and if they operate, it's by his spirit. Amen. And so that you can't take credit for anything that even you get right because it's all God's doing because he fashioned you and set you up so you could do what he purposed you to do. Then he gave you of his gifts and he gave you of his spirit to operate those gifts to make sure you would go right. So you don't even go of your own power. It's the power of God. Amen. That brings things right. And then then if we would just do that, the wheels would roll a lot easier if we would if we would do that and not get lifted up. Amen. So, there's two sides we can't fall off of. We can't fall off the side of look how great I am. Look what I've done. Or I'm nothing. I'll never amount to anything. And there's no purpose for my life. Either one of these is wrong. Amen. Amen. Because both of those deny God. Yeah. Either way, if you get lifted up in pride or in pride, you overly abase yourself. You see, in pride, that's hidden pride. Overly abasing yourself is hidden pride. Because God didn't make you to be nothing. He made you and designed you and positionally placed you for a purpose. Amen. And that's God's purpose. And I wouldn't call that nothing. No matter what it is, I wouldn't call that nothing. Amen. There's a story that the prophet of God tells us, and I love the fact that God has set such an example in this generation so that we can glean so much wisdom and understanding from the life of a prophet. Amen. who came to that adoption maturity and we can look at that and we can learn and see how God dealt with the son and and learn and brother Ben Brandham comes to this place in his life he has a little 22 rifle that he loves and this little 22 rifle he's been shooting with it and he says he can he can shoot through the same hole nine shots through the same hole at 50 yards and he loves it and we all know that brother Ben was an expert expert marksman beyond expert. Amen. But he said something happened to the gun and it got off and he couldn't get it to shoot like that. So he tried to send it back I think to Winchester or wherever the company was and he talked to them there and and tried to talk to the ones who designed it and because something was wrong with his gun. He said he sent his scope away to have it miked and the scope was fine. And then the gun was shooting off and and then the people who made the gun, the rifle told him said that gun will only shoot a 1-in group at 25 yards. So 25 yards is not very far. And a 1-in group is a 1-in circle. So within a 1-in circle, you can shoot a group of however many shots it would hold. Nine shots presumably in a one-inch circle at 25 yards. Now, if I could do that, I'd be thrilled out of my mind. I would bring my target here. I would stick it on the bulletin board and write my name on it really big. But brother Random was so discouraged and disappointed because he knew that gun and he knew that he was driving tasks at 50 yards, nine shots through the same hole. And they said it can't be done. And and and I'm pulling from several times he tells this story so you can go back and read it into 1960 and61. He talks about it many times, but his wife even tells him said, "Honey, if the man who's part of the company to design it said it won't do it, it won't do it." And Brother Benham said, "But I know it'll do it. I saw it do it myself." Yeah. So he's all upset. So then he's he's spending most of his hunting season, squinging season trying to get this gun dialed in because it's so important to him that it's exact. And he comes and he says this in one message. He says, "I sat down under a tree one morning and Brother Wood and Brother Charlie, that's Charlie Cox, who hunts with me and there was squirrels everywhere." Well, I shoot at one a couple days before that and I missed its eye. Hit way down on the cheek. Of course, it killed a squirrel as dead as it hit him in the eye, but the gun was out to me. It makes me nervous cuz it's the gun's not perfect and I don't do me no good to go hunting. He was just aiming. You know how big a squirrel's head is? You know it's like that big. I've done a lot of squirrel hunting. And the eyes right here and the cheek. He says way down here. Way down. Like less than half an inch. Oh my. Way down on the cheek and killed it. I mean, if I shot it anywhere in the head, I'm like, "Oh, it's a head shot." You know? So then he goes on and says, "I was sitting back there under the tree listening to Charlie over there just banging away." Then I I they I don't care what they don't care what end of the squirrel they shoot. Just so they shot squirrels. If their gun was grouping anyway, just so it hit the squirrel. If it was in the hips or in the mid center or anywhere it hit him, that was all right. I don't see anything wrong with that. I've shot probably hundreds of squirrels in the last several years and I will shoot them anywhere I can hit them. Trust me. We went hitting at We went hunting at brother Jean Petri's not too long ago, me and my boys and we come out of the woods at lunchtime and brother Jean Petri goes, "It sounded like there was an army in my woods. We take a lot of bullets when we go." Amen. So, I hunt like Charlie Cox and like brother Wood. But, Brother Benham couldn't do it. Here's what he said. I just couldn't stand that. I sat down there. I thought, just look at the fun them fellas are having. And they love to hunt just as well as I do. And they're both fine, good shots. They're dandy men. Both of them Christians, filled with the Holy Ghost, just fine men. Some of the highest caliber men. And them brothers up there was having the most fun shooting squirrels. And there was squirrels jumping through the trees right by me. sat there and and here I am sitting here crying, just tears running down my face. There they are. And here I I can't even hit the target. And I raised up and I said, "Heavenly Father, why did you make me like this?" A little nervous, upset person. And then your grace has given me literally millions of friends. See? And I said, "Why would you make me a person like this?" And I started weeping right out loud then sitting under a little leaning tree. See, he doesn't even understand himself. He He knows that them brothers of his are good men. They're Holy Ghostfilled Christian men, godly men having fun. And brother Ram even says in one place, "The only way I can get to relax my mind is come down here hunting and I can't even enjoy it." He's talking to God because I'm so nervous and so tore up and I'm so upset because my gun's not exact. And he knew in himself that it was I wouldn't say it would say ridiculous, but it was so uh so I don't even know what the word is. It was like overly accurate. Not necessary. But for him, he couldn't stand it. He couldn't take it. the thought of missing and wounding an animal and not not making a clean kill and the whole thing, the gun being out, knowing it shouldn't be, it it tore him up and he couldn't he couldn't deal with it. And he's weeping. Listen, this is a grown man sitting in the woods weeping because he doesn't know why he's like this. He wasn't weeping because he didn't shoot a squirrel. Yeah, he was weeping because he was so nervous and tore up and he didn't understand why it bothered him so bad and why he's like the way he is. So, and after sitting there a little bit kind of held my head over, I heard him speak to me. So, well then he was speaking to me and he said, "I made you that way for a purpose." Amen. And I said, "Why did you make me that way, Lord, for a purpose? To be nervous." And the only thing I have to relax me out of the meetings is come here and hunt. And God makes everything work right for them that love him. See, I wanted to tell He wanted to tell me something. That's how that gun had to go out to get this very thing to me. Brother B says God let his gun get out. Yeah. God had him weeping under a tree because God wanted to teach him a lesson. And he says, "God, why did you make me like this?" And then he said, "I heard God speak to me." He says, "I made you that way for a purpose." And then Brother Bam's telling us God let all of that happen. Yeah. So he could learn a lesson about himself. Yeah. Amen. He says, "That's the reason I made you that way. I made you that way for a purpose." Well, there's where he made known to me then. He made me that way on account of the commission that he's given me for these last days that I'm living in that I just can't go to a denominational church and join up with one when they'll just splatter. Well, the church says this and all right and they accept this. If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If it drove the bullet there, it'll drive it again. I don't care what they say. There's got to be some way that he is the same person. He's the same thing. His power is the same. Amen. Now, most people say, "Well, my church teaches be baptized in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The seminary I came out of taught me that, so that's the way I'll do it." To me, that's not right. I'm hitting over here and hitting over there. I I'm making 40in group. That ain't making the scriptures right. It's got to zero. It's got to zero. Well, then how's it going to zero? When Matthew said, "Baptize in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." And Peter said, "Baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus." Both of them disciples, one a scribe and the other one's an apostle. So, Brother Bams, now now he's understanding why God made him this way. Why he's sitting under a tree weeping cuz his guns out. Why he's working for weeks and weeks to try to get it dialed in. Why it matters so much to him and doesn't matter to his friends. Why they can have fun and he's nervous and upset. God said, "I made you that way for a purpose." And brother Bam said, "Then he showed me it's because of my commission. I have to have the word zeroed and through the bullseye every time. We can't take the word and hit it here and hit it here and maybe here. We can't do like the denominations. Well, it res really doesn't matter as long as as you accept God, you can have this and you can have this. He says, "No, if it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, every word's got to line right up." And because God called him to be a prophet to the age, he designed him. Yeah. Listen, I I would just want you to share this with this is not a spiritual thing. This is a natural design. This is a natural makeup. This is the way God designed him and put the ingredients together to make him this way genetically and seasoned him and shaped him this way because God had to have a man who could not stand inaccuracy. Amen. But he said Charlie Cox and Brother Wood, he says they're Holy Ghost fililled men of God, real Christians, and they can just bang away and have fun. I'm so glad, Amen, that God didn't make me the way he had brother Ben Brandon because I would never go squirrel hunting. But God h this way. Amen. And he didn't even understand himself. And what I come to understand is maybe sometimes we don't understand ourselves. That's right. Amen. Maybe sometimes we've been maybe not leaning under a tree crying, but maybe we've been in our bedroom crying. Maybe we've been in our car crying. Maybe we felt so different than everybody around us. So wrong. So out of sequence, so whatever bothers us doesn't seem to bother others. And why am I like this? And why am I like that? And why am I not more like this brother? Why can't I be like this one? And and why? Maybe the answer is the same for us. That's right as it was for brother Brandon. Maybe he designed us this way for his purpose. Maybe the things that we've wept over is part of God's purpose for our life. Maybe the things we would have changed if we could, God didn't want changed. Right. Praise God. We were fearfully and wonderfully made. Amen. Maybe he didn't make a mistake when he chose us. Maybe he wasn't in error when he picked us for the job. Amen. That's right. Praise God. Maybe he knew what he was doing. Maybe he foresaw you and designed you and gave you a certain nature and certain parents and a certain upbringing, a certain way because he needs you to be a certain way. He needs your bell to have a certain ting. And you've always maybe ting just a little different than others around you and always was felt awkward at your ting. Everybody, their ting sounds beautiful to me. mine just sounds hollow and tingy and tiny and I don't like it. You don't realize to somebody else's ear, your ting sounds just right. This is the way we all view each other. This is the problem with humanity. Amen. We always look at somebody else and that's the way to be and that's the correct and this is that's a real Christian and that's that's the way you should be. There's nothing wrong with respecting one another and appreciating one another, but when it causes you to hate the way God made you, then maybe we're missing the point. Maybe we're not getting the right picture yet. Brother Ben said this. He says, "Yet men and women live a good life, love God by mental conception, but the real hiding place is in the heart hid with Christ. And when Christ the Holy Spirit comes into you, he is in you with your temperament. Yes, sir. And he's living his own life through his own will, through you. He didn't say he changes your temperament. He's with you with your temperament. Brother man was talking about being out in the woods and he he's talking about he heard an elk bugle after a storm and he heard I think it was a wolf howl and he says all of a sudden he said, "That just thrilled me. That does something to me." He said, "My conversion never took that out of me. That's right. His love for the wild and his love for the wilderness, his conversion never took it out of him. Amen. Because it didn't need to come out of him. Amen. There was anything wrong with it. It was part of his makeup. Amen. Oh, if God could just help us all to be happy the way he made us, if we could all just get to the place where we could say, "I'm fearfully and wonderfully made." Thank you, Lord. We know that there's negative things that come off of that tree. We understand that. But God has given us of his spirit and he gives us of his word to avoid those things. But not everything in our makeup is wrong. In fact, if everything in our makeup is wrong, then God somehow has failed. And I don't believe God's failed. So, we need to get to the place where we can just relax. Amen. And be what he made us. Amen. If we could all get to this place where we could relax and be what he made us and just be comfortable in our own skin and and settle into what God has done and the way he's designed it, way he's made us and not think it's all wrong, but think that maybe there's a purpose and behind it, maybe we could get some complexes to fall off. Maybe we could get some comparisons just to go to to rest. Amen. Because the Bible says Jesus says, "You do air comparing yourselves among yourselves." Amen. I'm not supposed to compare myself against you. I'm supposed to compare myself against the word. Amen. Sometimes I get discouraged comparing myself against another brother. Amen. Because God designed you to express a certain portion of his life, but not all. There was only one human being expressed it all, and that was Jesus Christ. Amen. But you're designed to express a facet, a part, a picture, a an aspect of God's nature. And God designed you that way. And the very designing for that means he could not make you uh able to accomplish everything and he could not make you good at everything. If there's something that he made you that you could accomplish for his kingdom and do for his glory, that means he had to leave something out. Yeah. And we all have areas that were no good. Yeah. That we can't do. Amen. And sometimes the devil tricks us into fixating on those things. I can't do anything. All these brothers at the church, they can build, they can work, they're craftsman. I can't I I I have two hands full of thumbs and I can't make anything. Well, so what? Maybe God doesn't want you to build anything. I can tell you this, and I have I'm not ashamed to say it. I cannot sing and I cannot play instruments. Is that a news flash? Are you guys surprised? I spent one year of my life when I turned 18. One year of my life and $400 and some dollars trying to learn to play the guitar. At the end of that year, I was 400 and some odd dollars poor and I couldn't play nothing. And I practiced. Don't tell me I didn't practice. So you who says you can do anything? No, you can't do anything. You can't do anything. I tried. I practiced. I committed myself. I went to all my lessons. I paid for them out of my own pocket. I tried and I couldn't play anything because that was never God's plan for me. So God never put that in me. Amen. What if I get discouraged today and say, "You know what? I'm so tired of everybody else being so talented. And I'm not. I'm done with studying the Bible and studying the message. I'm going to commit all my time to learning to play instruments and sing. I'm done preaching. I don't like it. I'm done with the reading. I'm done with the meditating. I'm done. I'm going to put all my time into learning an instrument because I want to be like these other brothers. Do you think the body would suffer? Yes. And do you think I'd learn to play an instrument? No. No. It would accomplish nothing. Because that's not what God built me for. I There's a lot of things I'm not good at, but there's something that I'm built for. And that's what we got to yield ourselves to and be comfortable with the things that we're not good at. And be okay saying, "I can't do that. Everybody else is better at that than me. I can't do it." What's wrong with that? Everybody has something that God's given you to make you a success in what he wants you to do. And there's something you can do as good or better than anybody else, but you can't do it all. And you never will. But if you're not doing that part, you're hindering all of us. So when we fixate on what we can't be, we stop becoming what we are. We fixate and we worry and we struggle and we compare and we grumble and we we dislike ourselves and we get discouraged. But listen, that's all that's just trapping of the devil. That's just to keep us from the real purpose. What we need to do is relax. Amen. Because what God placed in you to do, he placed in you to do. It comes natural. Amen. It just comes. You ever seen somebody Listen, I I I tell you, David Lamb over there, he kind of makes me a little bit sick. I can't play nothing. He can pick up an instrument he's never touched before. In 30 minutes, he can be squeaking out and playing a song. Amen. Somebody had a violin the other day. He never played a violin before. He doesn't know how to hold it. He's holding it wrong right here. And he's playing a song. But you know what? He didn't work for it. He didn't work. He didn't pay. He didn't labor. It just came. It just came. Amen. He can't help it. And it doesn't mean the things God gives us do, we don't work at them. Sometimes we do work at them. Sometimes we put forth effort. But the effort we put forth is somewhat enjoyable because we're designed to do it. It doesn't mean that there's no work, no effort, no learning, no growing, no getting better. But all of those things we're enjoying because that's the way we're made, right? Amen. So I can't do that. Give me 30 minutes and a violin and you don't want to be in the room 30 minutes later. But oh, if God could help us just relax and just to be what we are, stop trying to conform or stop trying to be what we imagine we're supposed to be. Because what we're supposed to be is what he ordained us to be. And what he ordained us to be, he's designed us to fit that mold. And we'll never fit into another one. We'll never fit in our brother's mold. We'll never fit in our sister's mold. We're only ever going to fit in ours. So, if we could just relax. Amen. I believe this message came to put us in position. I believe this message came for all of us to get in position. And I believe this message came to take away every barrier that's a barrier to us fulfilling our purpose. That's right. And if that barrier is in our mind, then this word will take that barrier out of our mind. If it's if it's somewhere else around us, a restriction. I believe this message came to take away the barriers of denomination, the barriers of misunderstanding, the barriers of false doctrine, and even the barriers of our own wrong understanding about ourselves. Amen. Yeah. To strip those barriers away so we could just be comfortable in our own skin. We know there's things that aren't right, but it's going to change. So, don't worry about it. There's a body change coming. Until then, he's given us a spirit to give us the power to overcome. Amen. And there will be a body change. So he's with you. He's in you with your temperament. Hebrews 13:5, "Let your conversation be without covetousness, and be content with such things as you have, for he hath said, I will never leave thee nor forsake thee." Amen. I love this. And then he tells his disciples in Matthew 28:19, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I've commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world." So where is Christ? If you've been born again, where is he? He's in you. He's with you with your temperament. And he promised never to leave you, to be with you always. Yeah. Amen. Amen. So he must like you. If he wants to be with you, he must like you. So why would you hate what he likes? It's so good. Brother Beam says this in things that are to be said, in my father's house are many kinds of mansions. I don't believe when we get to heaven that we will be just everybody look just exactly alike. I don't believe that all will be blondes or brunettes or little or all big or all giants. I believe that God is a god of variety. The world proves that. He's got big mountains, little mountains. He's got plains. He's got deserts. He's got different things because he made it the way he wanted it. And he made the seasons. Summer, winter, spring, autumn. He made the seasons. It shows he's got a God of variety. He made you in a variety. Some men are real blusterous and some are real dogmatic and others are fine, others are kind. And you just find all different kinds of people in his kingdom. See, so God's not cookie cutter. Bang bang bang bang. We all have to be the certain way. Yeah. That's denominational thinking. Amen. We want to get rid of that. Yeah. Amen. Amen. He's got all kinds in his kingdom. Said look at St. Peter and judge him by Andrew. See, Andrew is the prayer warrior. Just stay on his knees all the time. And the Apostle Peter was one of those fire brands that preached and so forth. And Paul was more scholarly like like the prophet or something that set back. Praise God. I like that. Amen. I was looking for something here. Brother Beam said, "Yeah, I want to go to this next quote." He says, "Like many kinds of hills, like many kinds of rivers." No, I don't want to read that yet. I'm stopping. I love having the power so you can't read any farther. So when he talks about Peter, Peter was just a fire brand. Just got a thought and went with it. Didn't calculate, didn't analyze, he just got it and he went. Andrew was the prayer warrior. He sat back and prayed. Uh uh Paul was a little different. He was scholarly like like a prophet something. to set back and which one was better than the other, right? Which one was more important and more valuable to the kingdom of God? Which one was right and which one was wrong? Yeah. Oh, praise God. You know, when we all try to be like each other, we're going to just fall into a trap. And we're going to fall into a trap of discouragement because we can't do it. You know, there's some among us who who are gifted in intercessory prayer and they can pray for hours on end, but it's not because of effort. It's not because they said, "I'm going to pray for two hours and so I get that." No. When it falls on them, it just falls on them. They go into intercessory prayer. They pray for that period of time and they're surprised. Yes. Sister Lann's one of them. She texts me all the time. I God woke me up at 3:00 in the morning. I prayed till 5:30. didn't even lost track of time, lost track of everything. And God will bring a name to her. God will bring a face to her and she'll just pray for that. That's that's intercessory prayer for her. It's no work. And though she's tired at the end, though she's labored, though she's wore out, it just comes natural for her. Now, you decide you you listen to Sister Lan give you a testimony. Say, "God woke me up at 1:32 in the morning and I prayed for two hours." And you think, "That's really good. I should do that." Set your alarm for 1:30 in the morning. get up and decide to pray for two hours, I promise you, you're going to be a failure because you're trying to fit somebody else's mold and you're trying to do something according to your own thinking that that's right. That's the way to intercessory repair. And we need more of that. Listen, if we need more of that, God will inspire more of that. And if God inspires you, you'll pray and you won't know how long it took. Or God will move on your heart. And even if you labor and pray, it's because God moved you to pray. Amen. Amen. You see, understand we got to quit trying to be like someone else or quit trying to do what we think is the best thing to do. I think Peter was the best. I'll model after Peter. I don't like Andrew. Andrew I come on. He had 12 disciples and they were all very different from one another. And in the Gospels, you can see the differences. John was so different. Amen. Than Andrew. John was so different than Philip. Philip was so different than Peter. Yeah. Which one was right and which one was wrong? God's the one who chose each one of them. He said, "You haven't chosen me. I've chosen you." So, he chose who he wanted to fill the position. He chose a Peter who was a little hotheaded and a little quick on the trigger. But he chose him. Amen. And under the baptism of the Holy Spirit, he could quench some of that and channel it in the right way. Yeah. But he never completely changed Peter. Peter was Peter till the day he died when they went to hang Peter on a cross. Amen. The same one who was always boisterous, the one who was always bold, he says, "I don't even want to die the same way. Hang me upside down." Yeah. I mean, if they were going to go hang me on cross, I'd just go like this and go get hung on the cross. I wouldn't even think to tell them and command them and make them, right? But it was Peter's nature. Amen. You can't copy anybody else. But neither can anybody copy you. That's right. Just be happy the way you are. Yeah. Sometimes I get so heartbroken when I see preachers apologizing all the time for the way they preach. I'm sorry for this. I'm sorry for that. Is it okay? Listen, we shouldn't have these complexes in our mind. Just relax and be what God called you to be. What we need is what you are. We don't need you to fit into some other mold. We just need you to be like you are. Amen. Amen. So don't apologize for being the way you are unless the way you are is like wrong. Repent. You know, you can't say everything you ever do is wonderful. Don't don't get that far down the road. You know, there's a balance to everything. Well, God made me this way. And if I Yeah. No, listen. We got to bring everything subject to the word, right? You can go overboard with anything. Amen. But don't apologize for being what you are because God made you that way. Only apologize when you've offended. Only apologize when you've left the word. Only apologize when you went too far. But don't apologize just for being you. Because that's what we need. We need you to be you. We want you to be you. And I want to be me and I want you to be you. And I don't want a complex. I don't want you to have a complex. I don't want I don't want anybody to be criticized for being what they are. Criticism is one of the deadliest things. Amen. In the world. Amen. Because undue criticism binds people and keeps them from fully expressing what they are because they become afraid to be criticized again. And let's not be critical of one another. Let's just love one another and appreciate one another. That's right. Amen. Brother Rem said, "If your brother, if you think he's a little wrong, then you just pray for him." That's right. Not criticize him. Just pray for him. And you might find out he's not a little wrong. He might be just right. We got to be careful how we treat each other because if God designed us a certain way and he placed a portion of his attribute in us to express a certain way, then we got to be careful the way we talk about each other. We got to be careful even way we talk about children and way we treat them. If God designed them and God called them and they're there to express God, we got to be careful. We got to appreciate, value each other, and even value differences because that makes us stronger. If we're all the same, we all think the same, we all do the same, we all go the same. At some point, we may all go the same way wrong. Right. Sometimes it takes somebody with a different perspective, point of view, history, makeup to say, "Are we are you sure?" That's what we want to do. Those things are healthy. And God makes sure that he puts all the ingredients together to keep the body healthy. Gives us the right hand and the left hand so we don't go in circles. Amen. God is good. So, we can't copy. We can't manufacture. If we try to do anything than be anything what we are, we're a hypocrite. Brother said, I'd rather it's it's I'd rather be an infidel than a hypocrite. I can't believe that he said that. But a hypocrite is a fake. Yeah. And we just want to be real. Amen. We want to be real. Brother Beam says this in things that are to be like many kinds of hills, like many kinds of rivers, lakes, they were here when you come here first because the kindness of your heavenly father placed them here. Because some men like mountains, some people like waters, some like deserts, some you see you're coming. You see you're coming. He knew your nature and what you would be. So he made it just the way that you could enjoy it. Oh, I think that's a wonderful father. know that he made it like this. I'm glad he made mountains. I like the mountains and I like that. Where the others, oh, I can't stand it. Oh, we just have He must have just emptied out his mortar box out there. Well, he emptied it out so I could enjoy it. You see? So then they say, I like the planes where I can see a long ways. Well, the two different natures, both of us Christians, but the father knew that you would be here and prepared everything for you before you got here. Amen. Your first coming here, he had it ready for you when you got here. Isn't that marvelous to think of what he'd done? God made a variety of topography. Yeah. To match the v variety of the natures he would place on the earth. Absolutely. I think that's amazing. Because God didn't expect us all to like mountains. He didn't expect us all to like plains. He didn't expect us all to like the ocean. He knew some of us would like the mountains better than the plains. the plains better than the ocean. And there's nothing wrong with that. You say it's all God's creation. You You love it equally. That's not what brother Brandon said. God made it this way to suit you. So that you could enjoy it. Amen. That's a loving father. He doesn't want us all the same. He doesn't even make his earth all the same so that each of us can enjoy a different part of his creation because of the way he made us. Oh, I just love that we can argue all day long. Uh God is like the mountains. His love is like the mountains. That's what the scripture says. You should like mountains. What does the Bible say about plains? But God made it that way for you and me. Hey, listen. Me and my wife don't agree on this. Brother Bam said he and his wife don't agree on everything. They don't agree on cherry pie and apple pie, right? And we don't agree on this. My wife loves to stand and see as far as you at the ocean side. She wants to see or a plane or a field as far as you can see. She loves it. I don't like it at all. I feel like I'm totally exposed. Too many people can see me. I want to be up on a holler in the woods somewhere hid away where nobody can see me. Where I'm 10t away and you can't find me. She doesn't like that at all. She wants full bright sunshine as far as you can see. So when we go on vacation, I always try to find a cabin in the woods by a lake. She can sit on the dock and I can sit up in the cabin and we're both happy. And I might walk down to the dock a little bit and she might come back to the cabin. But we can't help it. That's just the way we are. We compromise sometimes and go with each other, but through the ocean once and I didn't like it at all. But you can see that's the way God made us. So just be what you are and just like what you like and don't like what you don't like and it's okay. It's okay. Listen, you can have a favorite style of preaching. It's okay. You can like it fiery. You can like it teaching. You can like it slow. You can like it fast. You You can have a favorite style of preaching. That's okay. Amen. You can have a type of ministry you feed from better than others. It's not discounting another, but that's the way God made you. That's why God has a variety of preachers, a variety of churches, a variety of pastors, a five-fold ministry. Don't feel ashamed of that. Say, I I do better under this kind of ministry. It suits my nature. There's nothing wrong with that. It's not discounting another one. Right. Right. Amen. It's not saying the other's wrong. It's just saying this is the way God wired me and this is where God placed me. Listen, don't be ashamed of that. Don't say, "I love it when that brother comes through because I just connect with his preaching." You're not going to hurt my feelings any because that's that's why we ask brothers to come through because we're not all the same. So don't be ashamed of being you. Don't be embarrassed because that's the way you like it. Amen. There's nothing wrong with it. Here's something Brother Brandham says. He says in blind Barnameus, he goes, "I can be thankful that he's he's kept me true to mortal life and so forth. And there's only one thing that I do that I know of that's outside of religious work. And I do love to go fishing and hunting. I just love that. And I'm glad that he lets me have that because it's out in the outdoors and clean. and how I love to go out on the creek bank, especially a little later in the season when it's warm and fish and go up into the mountains and be alone up there. Maybe not to kill the animals, but just to get up in the mountains to be alone around horses and things. I've done quite a bit of riding in my days and I love horses and riding and fishing and hiking and those outdoor things. Well, that's brother Brenham. Guess what? For you to be spiritual, you don't have to like those things. You can say, "I hate bugs. I hate ticks. I hate the outside. And you're not less spiritual. You may have never rode a horse and never hunted a day in your life. That doesn't make you less spiritual. Amen. Brother is saying, "I love those things and I'm glad God gave it to me because it's clean." Yeah. So, Brother Bam had hobbies. Yeah. And he talks about hobbies. Hobbies aren't wrong. As long as they're clean, right? But the hobby he had was an expression of what was in him. And many people, some are craftsmen, some are artists, some are this and some are that. Amen. But listen, it it there's nothing wrong with expressing what you are. That's I'll ask you, is God an artist? Has anybody painted a more beautiful night sky than God? Amen. Has anybody ever captured it in paint the way God painted in the sky? The sunset striking across a mountain. Can anybody do it like God can do it? No. So us who who not us cuz I'm not one of them. Those who are gifted in art and art, all they're doing is manifesting part of God's nature. You who are craftsman, God is a craftsman. You are engineers. God is the one who engineered everything in the world. Amen. All you're doing is expressing that nature that's in you. Amen. God listen. Shock. Shocking. God likes to bake. Who made mana? Yeah, that's right. Who taught the angel to make the cakes that Elijah was served? Amen. Wasn't Jesus barbecuing fish on coals? I love it. I love it. God is a gardener. who planted the Garden of Eden. Amen. God is a farmer who swed seeds into the world and who's bringing a harvest at the end time. Amen. God is a shepherd. That's right. He's a doctor. Amen. Amen. He's a mechanic. Who fixes your life when you break it. Amen. You realize we're not just expressing God when we're reading our Bible in a church. We're expressing God when we're living. Amen. Amen. Amen. God didn't call us just to sit in church 24 hours a day and just read our Bible non-stop. He called us to live and manifest him. Think about the amount of time you sit in church versus the amount of time you're out. Yeah. You think God only wants five hours a week to manifest him? No. every day, everything he wants you to manifest to be what you are and not be ashamed of what you are and do what you like. Amenise because doing what you like can be expressing his nature. That's what brother Brandham he would remember brother Brandham most of not most many of his most wonderful encounters with God took place where when he was out enjoying his hobby. Yeah. Yeah. Right. After a storm. Amen. And and the storm come through. And after the storm, he heard the he heard the coyote howling. He heard the elk. And brother Bam said he just ran and ran around the tree worshiping God. Yes, sir. Because he saw God in nature because that's the way he was wired. That's the way God made him. Amen. You may not see God in nature the way he does, but you might see God in whatever God's given you to do. Some doctors can see God through a microscope. And they can see God right there. Amen. They can see God in art. They can see God in music. God's a musician. Who taught the angels to sing and play? We can express God in more ways than we ever thought. We can just be what we are. We don't have to be anything different than what we are. not sinful, not worldly, but just be what we are and let God have us and do what he wants with us. You know, when God wanted to teach brother Brandham a lesson, he'd come to him in the woods and he didn't say, "William Brandon, when you get back to your study, I'll teach you something about the scriptures." Right? when you go back to your office and have your Bible open. No, he taught him right there. When he taught him Jesus of the New Testament is Jehovah the Old Testament. Where was he? He was out in the woods and he saw a rainbow from one hill to the other. And he said, "Jesus of the New Testament is Jehovah the Old." He got a tremendous revelation. Amen. when after the storm after the blowdown he saw that he heard that that little squirrel chattering chatter chatter chatter and he saw it was at an eagle and the eagle was there got blown down in the storm and then he talks to the eagle you know I could shoot you I've got my gun and the eagle just looks at him and he takes off flaps his wings twice sets his wings and goes off he said he wasn't afraid of me because he had those two great wings old and new testament that he knew he could get away Brandon learned a tremendous spiritual lesson out hunting Yeah. Can you learn spiritual lessons in your garden? Amen. You can be whatever you are and let God deal with you and use you the way you are. We don't have to fit each other's mold. We don't have to be ashamed of the way we are. We don't have to be embarrassed. Amen. If you love the garden, garden. If you love to paint, paint. If you love music, you're involved in music. If you like craftsmanship, do craftsmanship. Just do whatever you are. Be what you are. And don't try to be anything else. And let God be part of everything you do. Amen. What did God want in the beginning? He wanted fellowship. That's right. What kind of fellowship? He come down in the cool of the evening. Brother tells us in the cool of the evening at the end of the day and says, "Have my children enjoyed their day upon the earth? Did you like the apple? How was the fig? It was simple. It was life. It was He was part of their life. God wants to be part of our lives. How does he want to fellowship with us? Where does he want to teach us? Of course, we know that preaching is the highest form of communication with God and men. But that's not the only time God wants to talk to us. Amen. He wants to talk to us in whatever we're doing. And he's made us in a way that we can absorb lessons. We can gather things from the things that we're doing. Yes, we can learn from mistakes, success and failure in all parts of life. God can teach us. He wants to be part of our life intricately woven into the fabric of who we are. And he wants who we are to express part of who he is. We just got to be real, be genuine, be exactly what we are. Here's a quote. I want to finish up. This is a quote and then two scriptures. But look at this quote with me. He said, "And then from then on," he's talking about being way up in northern British Columbia, 600 miles. The way the crow flies, there's not even a path or a trail. And when you hit the west coast, you go about 800 miles to Vancouver. There's not even a speck of civilization. And the next civilization going this way is Anchorage, about 7 or 800 miles. Go back this way, you run into a little city, Yellow Knife, where you get a ship in there once a year for the Eskimos. And next you hit Russia. So you're really to yourself. That's where God can take his rest up there from all the troubles and trials that we put him into. So I like to go up there and talk to him when he's resting. You see? So brother Brandham found a place on the earth hundreds of miles from Vancouver, hundreds of miles from Alaska, hundreds of miles from from Anchorage, hundreds of miles from Russia, way up there with no paths, no roads. He found a place where God likes to go and rest from the troubles we put him in. How did he find that place? How did he know? How did he pick it up of a map? And then he said this, "I like to go up there and talk to him when he's resting." The next question is, how did he know when he would be up there resting? How did he know when God would get tired from all the troubles we put him in and God would take a break? Because brother Brandham's hunting trips, he planned months in advance. So, how did Brother Brandham know four, five, six months ahead of time that God was going to be tired and he was going to go to this spot and rest so brother Benham could go up there because he likes to go up there when God's up there to talk to him? How did he know that? Unless brother Benham took him there for the rest. Right. Amen. I will never leave you or forsake you. I will be with you always. See, brother, there's no way Brother Bram knew what date on the calendar God would be up there resting or what spot on the globe was the spot he liked to go to. Brother Brandham went to the spot he liked to go when he was tired. Amen. Are you getting the picture? Yeah, God wants to share your life with you. If you can just be God conscious all the time. Just don't ever put him far away. He's never far away. If you've been born again by the spirit of God, don't put him far away. Don't put him miles away. Don't put him outside of your life. Don't put him outside of your trial. Yeah. Right. Just dwell in fellowship with him all the time and do what you like to do because that's what he likes to do. Every time brother Brandon went hunting, who went hunting with him? That's right. Are we thinking? How many times did brother M tells hunting stories when God spoke to him? How many times? I can't even number them. So many times he tells the stories where he encounters God and God speaks to him. He's on a hunting trip. That means when brother Brandham went hunting, he didn't go hunting by himself. God went hunting with him. Amen. So I'll tell you, don't bake alone. Don't paint alone. Don't play music alone. Don't garden alone. Don't do woodworking alone. Don't do your job alone. Don't read alone. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't do anything alone. God wants to dwell in you. Yes, sir. With you, sharing your life with you. Don't put him miles away. Let him be with you in you with your temperament. And let's learn to value everybody. Amen. And appreciate everyone. And stop thinking, well, they got to be like me or like this brother or like that one. And let's just all get comfortable in our own skin with the way God designed us. He says in John 14:18, "I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Yet a little while and the world sees me no more, but ye see me. Because I live, ye shall live also. At that day you shall know that I am in the Father and ye in me and I in you." Amen. Where is he? He's in you. He's in you with your temperament. Don't run away from it. Embrace it. Don't try to change unless something's wrong. Unless something's off the word, seek God and ask God to change that. But if not, just express God the way that you are. Amen. If not, we're all going to have to find that spot in northern British Columbia that Brother Benham was talking about, and we're all going to have to figure out what time it is that God's tired of all the trouble. And if he's tired of the trouble that I put him through, it's pretty much all the time. I don't think we're going to have to guess of the location or the time. When you get away to rest, he's going to go away and rest with you. Amen. Amen. Ephesians 2 8-10. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, that God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. How many believe we should do good works? I believe we should do good works. But God before ordained that we should walk in them. That means God already knows what he wants you to do. He's already ordained it. He already has a purpose for your life. He already has a design. He's already got something that he wants you to do. So, he fashioned you to do it. He placed an attribute of himself that could accomplish it. And he fashioned your very makeup to go with that attribute to accomplish the purpose he has for your life. I say if God could help us just to relax. What is the whole Christian experience based on? Rest. Rest. What does brother Bam say? The key to operating a gift to relax. If we could just say, God, I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Sometimes I don't understand myself. And that's the truth. Brother Bam said, "My wife doesn't understand me." He said, "Frankly, I don't understand myself." And there's times that we don't even understand why we are the way we are. And if we could just reach inside of us and twist everything around and change it, we would have a long time ago. But I still believe we're fearfully and wonderfully made. And I believe God had a purpose in our design and our makeup and our parents and our lineage and the seed he put in us and the time he placed us and the position he placed us in and the time he called us and the work that he wants us to do in the end time. And you never made a mistake. And nobody's here by chance. And we're all here to serve God's purpose. Oh God, help us to rest. You know, you can really only enjoy life when you're being yourself. That's right. You can't ever you can't ever fit into somebody else's mold and wear somebody else's shoes and be completely comfortable. The only way that you and I can ever be comfortable is if we just relax and are just ourselves. Amen. So may God help all the pressure to fall away, the pressure to conform, the pressure to be like somebody else. May it just all fall off of us now. May we all have the freedom under this great message just to be what we are. And let's all stand together. Musicians, if you'll come. If those who are going to be baptized want to make their way around back and one of the deacons will be back there to help them. Amen. I'm so happy to see these two brothers baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So glad to see God calling and drawing and working in lives. And may God bless them. Let's bow our heads together and pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, for the privilege, Lord, of hearing your word. God, you are so tremendous. You're so kind. You're so loving. You're so mindful of us, Lord. May you just take and break every wrong thought in our minds, Lord. Every thing that someone else or we ourselves have placed there, every complex that's come because of comparisons. Lord, whether we did it to ourselves or somebody else did it to us. Would you break that off of us, Lord? Would you set us free, Lord, from the captivity of peer pressure, from the captivity of confirmation to someone's idea, even our own ideas? Amen. Would you set us free by your word to be what you've called us to be? For God, we believe you, Lord. We believe your word. You believe you've called us. You've filled us with your spirit. You've quickened the life inside of us for a purpose. And we want to fulfill that purpose. We want you to be glorified and honored in our lives. We want you to be pleased with all we do. And God, you want to share your life with us, but God, we want to share our life with you. We want to be with you every moment of every day in communion with you, Lord, in fellowship. God, your desire is our desire. Make our desire your desire, Lord, as we just come together in unity. God, may this word shape us and mold us into what you've always wanted us to be. You've always wanted an earth inhabited with sons and daughters. You've always wanted to dwell as a family upon the earth in flesh. And God, that's what you're doing now. That's what this message has come for, to strip away every barrier that would limit you expressing yourself this way. And God, may we allow those things to be stripped away from us that you might come and fill us and use us, anoint us, walk in us, walk with us. Lord, we yield ourselves to you and we ask that you would bless us and help us to go forward with confidence and joy with the freedom that you've given us. We love you. We ask your blessings over all these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Riley. And all he wants is [Music] you. No one else will do you. not just aart. He wants all of your heart and all he wants is all of you. And all he wants is [Music] you. And all he wants is me. [Music] God reasonly. Not just a heart. He wants all of my heart. All he wants is all of me and all he wants is me. Verse one again. And all he wants is you. And no one else will do. Not just a heart. He wants all of your heart. All he wants is all of you. [Music] [Laughter] All he wants is you. And all he wants is me. [Music] on reserve [Music] daily. Not just aart. He wants all of your heart. All he wants is all of me. All he wants is me. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. You can be seated. This is brother Preston Rogers. He I got a chance to talk to him Monday and he was sharing with me how God started dealing with him last July and what he calls a renewal where God started drawing him to himself and and he spent some time with brother Joseph Scott. They've had he's had wonderful fellowship down at the Barber College. They're both attending and he knew that he wanted to be baptized and he knew he wanted to be baptized in immersion and then brother Joseph was sharing with him about baptism in the name of Jesus Christ and he saw it. God revealed it to him and he knows that's the right formula for baptism. So he desired to be baptized in Jesus' name to take his name in baptism and identify himself with Christ. So I told him it'd be an honor for us to help him fulfill the word and see him baptized. So Preston upon your confession of faith because you've accepted Calvary and what Christ has done for you in the atonement of his blood and you want to be baptized in his name to take his name to be fully identified with Jesus Christ. It is my privilege now to baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Dear Lord Jesus, I lay hands on my brother Preston. Lord, you have drawn him, Lord. His own testimony knows that you have drawn him. You've brought him this far, Lord, and he's been obedient to obey your word. I pray, God, as I lay hands on him as your apostles did of old, that you would fill him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, God, that you would regenerate him fully, Lord, and you would give him the promise that you've promised so long ago. It's still in effect because you're drawing and it's for him. I pray that you shield him and you would protect him and you'd use him as a bright light in this world. And may you fulfill the promise in my brother Preston. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you, brother. Amen. And now we have brother Griffin. Griffin sent me a text uh late last night. I didn't get it till this morning, but when I got it, I was so excited. It was such a good wakeup call. Amen. God bless you, brother. We just want to sit on the edge here. Griffin shared with me that the Lord had been drawing him. He'd felt the Lord tugging at him and he believed that he was ready to take this step to take Jesus Christ's name, take baptism publicly as a confession. So, Brother Griffin, God bless you. This is a happy day for all of us because you've accepted what Christ has done for you and you identify with it. You've received it and you want to identify publicly with Christ and take his name in baptism. Is a great privilege for me to baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm going to baptize you one more time because your head didn't go all the way under. So just lean back. Amen. Dear heavenly father, I thank you God for my brother. Lord, I've watched as you've drawn him through life and he's grown up before our eyes. So excited to see you drawing him to yourself and him responding to that draw. Lord, we so appreciate what you're doing for all of us, Lord. And now I just pray, God, that you would confirm your promise upon my brother Griffin, that you would fill him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That you would regenerate him. That you would bring your seed to life inside of him. that you would take him all the way through to a body change. I pray that he'd be a bright and shining light wherever you take him, wherever you lead him, and you would use him for your glory. You'd watch over him, that you would protect him, and you would help him to grow into your very likeness, into the fullness of adoption. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. I'm resting on the finished work of Jesus Christ today. All circumstances will be gone. The word of God will still remain. No sickness, fear, no guilt or sin can have control and worry me. The keys of faith are in my hand and I am bound for victory. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free. Covered by his blood. [Music] All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. [Music] A great commission from my Lord I have now received. The prince of power of the air will never have a part in me. As amateur creator, I can change the atmosphere around. I use the chain of circumstance for any spirit to be bound. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free. Covered by his love. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. I know that Jesus the I am is the same today. The prophet came to show the light. The bride must have it on display. The hour has come for Christ in us to be completely glorified. I want the spirit to be free to do the gater works in me. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free covered by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God once more. Oh, I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free. Covered by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. [Music]
