################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 250416 - Chad Lamb The Mysterious Book in an Earthen Vessel - Part 2 - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   250416 - Chad Lamb: The Mysterious Book in an Earthen Vessel - Part 2
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErxQ1MQHCPg
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Sweetest name I know. Fills my every long keeps me singing as I go. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, well, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, the more that I release my car, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord I love [Music] you. Well, I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. For Jesus is the [Applause] lighthouse and run the rocks of sin. He has shown a light around me that I could clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? and let me walk with you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, never leave me alone. For without you I could never. Oh, never make heaven my home once more. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Never leave me [Music] alone. Without you, I could [Music] never make heaven my [Music] home. There is an unseen hand to me. [Music] that leads through ways I cannot see. While going through this world of hope, his hand still leads me as I go. Cool. I'm trusting to the [Applause] unseen that guides me through this wey land. In some sweet [Music] day I'll reach that straight still guided by the unseen. His hand has led through shadows free. But while it leaves I have no fear I know will lead me to that home where sin nor sorrows air can come. Well, I'm trusting to the [Music] unseen that guides me to this wey land and some sweet day I'll reach that spring Still guided by the unseen hand. I long to see my Savior's face and sing the story saved by grace. And there upon the golden stren I'll praise him for his guiding hand. I'm trusting to the [Music] unseen. It guides me through this wey land and some sweet. [Applause] Reach that strength. Still guided by the unseen. Have faith in God. [Music] Have faith in God. Have faith in God. For the answer have [Music] been here. [Music] God in [Music] God. Just have faith in God. [Music] Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Got any rivers you think of uncrossing. God any mountain you cannot tunnle through. God specializes in things far impossible. [Music] And he will do what no other can do and praise [Music] you. Oh, praise you. [Music] Let my life praise you. Praise you. [Music] Praise you. Praise you. Let my life. Oh Lord, praise you. Verse one. [Music] Lord, I come to you today with a [Applause] simple grace to [Applause] in I do. [Applause] Let my life, oh Lord, praise you. Verse two, Lord, you for me out of me. [Music] for your glory. You must [Applause] be use this as you choose. [Music] Let my life, oh Lord, praise you. Praise you. Oh, praise you. [Music] Praise you. Praise you. Let my life. Praise you. Praise you. Praise you. Praise you. Let my [Music] life praise you. Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. [Music] And the things of earth will rule [Applause] strangely in the light of his glory and praise. Turn your eyes. [Music] Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. and the things of earth will grow straight. Lead him in the light of his glory and grace. Let us bow our heads together this evening. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, that you've gathered us to this place, God, in all the world and all the earth and this globe, Lord. There's so few that get to hear what we get to hear, God. And you've saw fit that by your power, you would draw us to commune with you once again. that you would bring us into a place of fellowship with brothers and sisters, a place where we could hear your truth, Lord, proclaimed. God, it's a rare privilege on this earth, but we're so thankful to be part of that, Lord. Part of the recipients of that privilege by your grace. And God, may we give you our attention and our focus. And may we draw from you, Lord, all that you have for us today. May we take advantage of the opportunity you've given us, Lord. May we draw from you, El Shadi, all the strength that we need. For your word is strength. Your life is light and it it pours into us and strengthens us for this day that we live in. And God, may you give us a fresh dose of it tonight. A fresh mana from heaven. Take this vessel of mine as I yield it to you and use it for your glory. And give us all ears to hear and a heart to perceive what you have for us. For God, we come trusting and depending upon you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. While you're standing, if you'll take your Bible and turn with me to Revelation chapter 7. I intend to continue on from Sunday. There was several things that I didn't have time. I just felt to stop when I stopped and I got some things I'd like to share that are left over. also want to bring to your attention and remind you that this next Sunday will be Easter Sunday and we've got a couple of our brothers that'll be traveling away and uh brother Jim Swanson will be over at Bible believers preaching for them. So, we want to remember him in prayer. Brother Gabe Smith just got back. It's good to have him in the service. Got back from Oregon and he's going this weekend to Pittsburgh to preach for brother John Kadima's Easter meeting. So, it's nice to catch you once in a while as you pass through, brother. We've we've been enjoying it. Uh you've been certainly busy lately. So, we want to remember brother Gabe in prayer as well uh for the service on Sunday. Amen. Let's look at Revelation chapter 10. And I'm just going to read one verse while we're standing. Let's read verse 7 together. Revelation 10 and verse 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servants, the prophets. May God bless you as you have your seats. Such a familiar scripture to us, but one with such deep meaning for us because the fulfillment of us is the day we live in. We live in the fulfillment of the scripture. We are in the midst of it now. It's happening all around us and we don't want to lose sight of that because it's so critical to everything that's happening in the world today. And I want to continue with the mysterious book in an earthn vessel. This would be part two. a mysterious book in an earthn vessel. And uh we might just uh uh uh have a little bit of overlap and share some things we shared before. And I want to thank brother Franco again. He did the same thing he did last time. He just grabbed my notes just an hour or two ago and threw them on some slides and he's doing it really fast. And uh I feel bad for him because I told him I'll get them to you today like 1 or 2:00. Well, I got them to him at 4:30. And so I put him on short notice. And this is why I don't do too many powerpoints. I wish I could do them like brother Gabe. He's the master of powerpoints and I love them. But for me, I mean, God works with all of us individually and and for me, I just never get that vein early. It always comes late for me. I put pieces together and I study and I read and then it seems like it's always always shifting and moving and it's something I can't get my hands around and I like the freedom. I don't like to be constrained. I like the freedom to flex as the spirit moves me in my study. And so that's why I have a hard time doing PowerPoints sometime, but Franco's been so gracious to put through some extra effort because I think it is nice to read the scriptures together and the quotes together. So I appreciate that. So there's a little bit of experimentation. So forgive me if I fumble around, but like I said, Sunday, if you relax, I'll relax. I won't be nervous, you won't be nervous. We'll all just keep feeding on the word. Amen. So we got a little bit of a learning curve, but we thank God for that. Amen. And we just read through this scripture, but I want to look at this quote. This is a one that we read Sunday. You love him with all your heart. You love him with all your heart. You understand now what the seven seal book was. What is it? We got it in a scroll now. And just remember just in these last days, it was kept in an earthly vessel. You understand that now? And who was the earthly vessel? Jesus Christ. No man had it. Nobody had it. It's only through him. It wasn't even written in the word. If it was written in the word, it was hid so that you couldn't even find it. Yeah, that's the truth. Amen. That's right. So, it's in him that it's revealed and in that earthly vessel so it wouldn't rot or rust. So you remember Sunday we were talking about this uh seven seal book, this book of redemption, this book of life, this myster I call it a mysterious book because brother Brenham calls it a mysterious book because it is a mysterious book because the properties of this book are so mysterious it's not like anything we ever understood as a book before because brother Brennham said Adam had this book. Amen. But remember we were talking and and uh I was laughing with brother Brian Sunday afternoon just the imagery of of Adam with a book in his hand trying to till the soil tried to and and and I said you know it's comical but I mean he didn't have any clothes so he didn't have a pocket to put the book you know he didn't have any place to rest it or set it. What's he doing with this book? So we realize it's not a physical book. It's not something he was carrying. Amen. It was the revelation in that book. Amen. Was given to Adam because Adam was intended to bring forth the names that were in that book as a seed of God, a seedline, a race of God upon the earth. But because of hybridization, he fell and he lost the book. Amen. He lost the right to rule the earth. He lost the inheritance. He lost it all. And then brother Brennham said, "And and you came wrong, but you came anyhow because the original, we shouldn't have come through sex desire, through this polluted way, and through corruption. We should have come perfect by the will of God in his appointed time and been manifest as a son or daughter of God upon the earth. Now, we've come anyways as a son or daughter of God, but we come through hybridization and through the will of man. So, we came but we came wrong, but we came anyhow. But because he because because his wife fell in deception and he chose to go with her to redeem her, to save her. Amen. He lost the right of the book. And so, the book went back to the to the hand of the original to God himself. We agree. Amen. But God is a spirit. Then that and and God's pure essence. He's a spirit. He's an invisible spirit which no man can approach to. And so is God the spirit sitting holding a physical book in his hand and sitting on a chair. God can take any form he takes. He takes the form of man. His theophony is in the form of man. We learned that who's Melzdc. But we realize this is a mysterious book because these properties about this book are strange. He's been holding this book, amen, for these thousands of years, waiting for a redeemer. And at the end time, the call comes forth, who's worthy to come and take the book and loose the seals? And no man on heaven and no man on earth and no man under the earth was worthy to take the book to loose the seals even to look upon the book. Amen. But the lamb stepped forward and he took the book. And so we see this imagery playing out. The lamb steps forward and he goes to the one on the throne and he takes the book out of his hand. But who's the lamb? And who's the one on the throne? It's two manifestations of the same being. So, we've got to stop locking ourselves down physical with physical things and start seeing spiritual truths that are here. Amen. Because brother Bam said he was holding the book in his right hand and it went to his right hand, which is his hand of power and authority. And where did Jesus go? After the resurrection, he went to the right hand of the father. So, he's the same place the book is, right? Amen. Yeah. And brother Brandon then says, "Now, in order," so he didn't, he he goes, he says, "Now, if you want to understand this, go to Jeremiah." That's what we labored on Sunday. Go to Jeremiah. The mysteries in Jeremiah, you have a sealed copy of the book and you have an open copy of the book. But Jeremiah had both books sealed into an earthn vessel so it wouldn't be lost. So after the redemption out of Babylon, the return back to the inheritance, which is our word, Amen. You can go back and you can pull out of the of the earthn vessel. Amen. this book. Yeah. Which was the record of the inheritance and the proof of purchase and the right to inherit. Amen. And you can compare the open and close. Amen. And they match. And it's a legal document and it's a right for the one who has the right to inheritance to lay claim to his inheritance. All right. So, Brother Benham said that God hid this book in an earthn vessel. And he calls it here an earthly vessel or an earthn vessel. But listen, I thought the Bible's very clear and I thought Brother Brandham was very clear. Adam had the book and Adam lost the book and it went to the right hand of him that sits on the throne waiting for somebody to redeem it. How did he put it in an earthly vessel? He's holding it in his hand. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I love it, friends. And you might be looking at me thinking, "You're just nuts, Brother Chad. I don't know what you're so excited about." What I'm so excited about is this reality that's busting our human bubble and our carnal understanding and trying to bring us into a spiritual revelation of reality. And we've got to move past symbols and carnality and movements and time and space and all of that. And we got to move to the truth of all of these things because the reality is the truth. And so now what does it mean? He hurt hid it in an earthly vessel. That means that listen. Oh, praise God. It was written in the word. He said now it's it it uh it's in him that it's revealed. So it's in him that it's revealed and in that earthly vessel saw it and rot. So he took the book and he hid it in an earthly vessel so it wouldn't be lost. So at the end uh uh of the return out of Babylonian captivity, Amen. Whoever had purchased the inheritance had a right to come and claim it. Amen. Amen. So it's hidden in earthly vessel. And brother Brandon, when he says here, so it's in him that it's revealed. So what does it mean to hide it in earthly vessel? It means the contents of the book, the revelation of the book, what the book is all about is actually revealed in the flesh of Jesus Christ. Because what is the contents of the book? It is the desire for God to be made flesh upon the earth. And so for 2,000 years, amen, the contents of this book has been hid in the earthly vessel that we know that Jesus was God made flesh. Amen. And so that revelation of that revelation, that part of the book wasn't lost because it was insecure in Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, praise God. Okay, that's review. He says in the sixth seal, well, the whole thing, the whole plan of redemption lays under these seals, the whole book. Uh, and then in feast of trumpets, now the hidden mysteries of Christ was fully revealed in the seven seals. The reason I go to the first one is because sometimes I want to slow down and I want us to think because we hear phrases over and over and over again, but I want to stop and think about what they mean. He says, "The whole plan of redemption lays under these seals." The whole book. So the whole book, the whole plan, everything that God wanted to achieve lays under these seals. But you realize in the opening of the seals, the seals have to do with the church ages. Yes. Yes. Right. But the whole book, the mystery of the whole book lays under the seals. But the seals don't really have anything to do with the Old Testament. It's just the New Testament. So what is it that the New Testament has that's that lays the mystery of the whole book? Well, because brother Brandham, but Jesus Christ had already come and he manifest the purpose of the Old Testament. Because the purpose of the Old Testament was to find another Adam. Yeah. To find an Adam that could replace the Adam that had fallen, that had a right to the inheritance, the one that could pay the price of redemption and pay for the book and take back the book. So, the old inheritance, he tried it in Noah, failed, tried it in Moses, failed, tried it in David and failed. He was always trying to find, amen, that other son of God who could come and be the last Adam. And he found it in Jesus Christ. That closes that part of redemption. Now there's an Adam that has come and proved he was the right kind of son. And he was tested in every way so that he could be the lamb so that he could shed human blood and pay the price of redemption for humanity to buy back redemption. That's done. But that's not the end of the story because remember what was lost in Eden was not just Adam but Adam's wife was lost too. So now there has to be a manifestation of that wife. And that's what's laying under these seals. That revelation and that manifestation of the further part of Adam's expression, the further part of the last Adam has to come forth because redemption is not complete until we complete what was lost in Eden. Amen. So that's why there's another mystery. The mystery secure in him. God wants to come in flesh. God has a son of God upon the earth. The book is in him. Why is the book in him? He's the fullness of the word. What is the word? The attributes of God. What are the children of God? The attributes of God. What are you? An attribute of God. What are you part of the word? Where were you? You were in him and the book was secure in him. Amen. The book was redeemed in him. The book was paid for in him. The book was expressed in him. But there had to come another expression sir of the book. And until that expression was finished, it came forth out of Pentecost as a as a virgin bride fresh from the hands of God. But before he could come to her fur to to fulfill the full expression of that female, she was already a fallen woman. Yeah. And so what was that? That's that was the seals that laid that revelation hidden away under the seals because the church ages destroyed that revelation of who the church really is. Amen. Amen. God knew it would be like that. That's why as soon as the church ages started, we have the church ages started in Ephesus in 1953. And now we have the revelation that there's a book and that there's seals comes forth in 90 AD 96 in John when he writes the letter. So God at the very beginning of the church ages goes ahead and spells out there's going to be seven church ages. It's going to be sealed away. But don't you worry, there's a redemption coming for this part of the book as well. It's got to be expressed and redeemed. So the the redemption uh lays under the seal the whole plan of redemption. It doesn't mean that Jesus Christ wasn't the fullness of the word but there was a part of that word that had to come into further expression and that will reveal the remaining part of the mystery of God. So the hidden mysteries of Christ was fully revealed in the seven seals. But Christ was fully revealed in Jesus Christ. Yes. Amen. Right. But there was another revelation to come forth of Christ. Amen. And that was the female expression of Christ, his wife. And that's what was hidden under those seals. Amen. So I we read the quote. I don't have it here. We read the quote last time. Brother Benham said that book of redemption the New Testament. He said not the old the only declared foreshadowed for the new. It's like what do you mean the New Testament the book of I thought the book of redemption had everything. Amen. It does but now what needs to be expressed is the New Testament. Remember brother Brandon said the Old Testament was male. The New Testament is female. The Old Testament is bridegroom. The New Testament is bride. He came and fulfilled the Old Testament in the masterpiece. Brother Brandham said he was building back this image of a perfect man, the masterpiece that had fallen because Adam was the perfect man, the son of God. Amen. With the title D book of the inheritance, the book of life. Amen. But he lost it when he fell. So God immediately started rebuilding his masterpiece. And he brought it up through the patriarchs was the pedestal that he set it on. Amen. And from the patriarchs, he started building back the body. And he said that body was the word which was the prophets coming through Noah and Moses and Abraham and all these prophets. And he was, what was he doing? Is building back. What was he building back? He was building back the image that had fallen. And what was that? A son of God. And finally, he capped it off. He capped the whole thing off. The whole masterpiece when Jesus Christ came to be the fulfillment of it all. So what God was doing in the Old Testament, he finished and completed in Jesus Christ. But then he would strike a blow on the side of that masterpiece. So out of that could come blood and water so that he could finish the masterpiece family. He had the masterpiece son, but what he lost was a masterpiece family. So now he's got to finish the masterpiece family. That's the He said he he struck a little part and a part come off the New Testament. That's all. Yeah. What came off of him? The New Testament. Listen, don't think about Bible verses and don't think about books of the Bible. Amen. Look at the Bible. Amen. And the brother Ben Brandham said that these seals when these seals open it it unlocked the entire Bible because the Bible is a book of redemption. The Bible is a book of life. But what is the book Adam had? He had the Bible. Right? Listen, don't I don't want you to think individual verses and individual books. I want you to think this Bible is the record of God's children as they started coming down. What was in that secret mysterious book was being manifest on the earth. and and and Noah and Abraham and Moses. He said it was Christ and Moses, Christ and Noah, Christ and David. What was it? What is your Bible? Your Bible is the book of life. Brother Brim says so. Oh, praise God, friends. That's why when the seals come off, it unlocked the entire Bible, the whole plan of redemption. And he brought back the masterpiece man. Then he starts working and he says through seven church ages he's been building back a bride. But at the end of the church ages, he's going to cap it all off. And it's going to be the completion of the bride or the bride in full view. Oh, Brother Franco, can we go to the whiteboard? I hope that we can. I'm really I'm really testing Brother Franco today. Make a PowerPoint last minute. Switch over to whiteboard. Brother Brandham shows it like this. If we if we take a pyramid, an uncapped pyramid, an uncapped pyramid is not a pyramid. Amen. Because it's not the right shape. It's close to being a pyramid, but it's not a pyramid. So, when you take the capstone and you put the capstone on, now it's a pyramid. Amen. Right. But let's look at this right here. What is a capstone? A capstone is the full pyramid in miniature. Amen. It's a picture of the whole thing in one form. So a a capstone is the entire revelation of the whole pyramid. But the pyramid's not a pyramid without the capstone. But when the capstone completes the pyramid, it completes the whole thing. So what completes the pyramid? A little pyramid. a perfect picture of the whole image is what completes the whole image. So when Christ Jesus came down and capped it off, he capped off the whole Old Testament. We know what the whole thing was about. It was about restoring fallen man. Amen. That's the Old Testament. But in the New Testament, remember brother Bam draws a stature of a perfect man. In the stature of perfect man, he comes up to a pyramid again. So the New Testament, seven church ages been building back the pyramid. But the pyramid's not a pyramid without the capstone. But what's the capstone? Oh, praise God. What's the capstone? The capstone is the whole pyramid. Amen. A perfect pyramid, the perfect image of the pyramid, the perfect depiction of the pyramid. And the pyramid is not a pyramid without a capstone. But the capstone is the pyramid in small form. So what is the end time bride? She's the New Testament. That's all she is. She's the fullness of the New Testament. Everything the New Testament declared. Everything Christ bought back forth. Everything the church was supposed to be is supposed to be in the end time bride. She's the capping off of that pyramid. It's not her alone. It's him. The capstone coming in her. That's what we saw with the white wigged one before we knew it was the headship of Christ. We knew it was the capping stone. The pyramid coming down upon the church. What was that pyramid? That was he himself, the full revelation of the word, returning back to make a perfect bride to cap off the New Testament. That's what's laying under these seals. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory. Amen. Yeah. Praise be to God. Can we go back to the PowerPoint? Oh, praise God. So, what is the end time bride? She's not Leodysian. Amen. That's right. Amen. Because that's not a finished picture. Amen. She's got to go beyond Leodysia and she's got to move into into that perfect image of Christ. Christ has to come down and become his own bride. Amen. His life in her manifesting his life in her. That's what we're called to, friends. That's the dispensation that we're in. That we are supposed to be the reflection of the entire New Testament living in a people at the end time. And that's the capping off of the church. And when it's complete and when it's finished, it'll bring the resurrection of the entire pyramid is what brother Ben says. Amen. Amen. The breach. This is a long one, so just hang with me. And if you go to sleep, I'll make you stand up and read it out loud. I'm going to be a mean teacher today. The breach. Now see the mystery of this seven sealed book will be revealed at the sounding of the seven church angels message. Have we heard the seventh church angel? So the mystery of the seven sealed book will be revealed then the seven angels the seventh angel begins to sound and there's the message wrote out there and we got it on tape in book form. Now at the beginning of the sounding of the message the mystery of God should be finished at that time. Now we will notice the book of mystery of God is not revealed until the seventh angel's message is sounded. Now these points will be important in the seals I'm sure because it must every bit tie together. Now it's wrote mysterious because no man nowhere knows it. God alone Jesus Christ. See now but it is a book a mysterious book. It's a book of redemption. We'll get to that in a little while. And now we know that this book of redemption will not be thoroughly understood. It's probed at through six church ages. But at the end when the seventh angel begins to sound his mystery, he winds up all of those loose ends that those fellows probed at. And the mysteries come down from God as the word of God and reveals the entire revelation of God. Amen. So what was the restoration of the word? To reveal the entire revelation of God. Well, isn't that what the seventh angel supposed to do? Finish the mystery of God. Amen. uh then the Godhead and everything else is settled. All the mysteries, serpent seed, and whatever more is to be revealed. Now, you see, I'm not just I'm just not making that up. That it's thus sayeth the Lord. I'll read it to you out of the book. The sounding of the seventh angel's message, the mystery of God should be finished. That's been declared by his holy prophets. That's the prophets who has wrote the word. At the sounding of the seventh church age, the last church age, all those loose ends that through these church ages have been probed at will be wound up together. And when the seals are broke and the mystery is revealed, down comes the angel, the messenger, Christ, setting his foot upon the land and upon the sea with a rainbow over his head. Now remember this seventh angel is on earth at the time of this coming. So has he come? Absolutely friends, he has come. And what form did he come in? He came in the fullness of the word, bringing the full restoration of the Holy Ghost life to do what? To come back and fill a people on the earth in the end time to finish the image of the bride. That was the mystery that was laying under those seals. Those seals each contained a mystery. And that mystery was the revelation of what the symbols were. What is a white horse rider? Who is the first beast, the lion beast? What's the anointing? What does it do for the church? Every one of those seals contains a mystery. And he came and revealed that mystery. That's what the seven thunders is all about. And revealing what the mystery was of the seven seals. That was the sounding of the seven thunders which brother Benham ties together with the seventh seal. So what's the seven seals? The coming of the Lord. Only the lamb can take the book and open the seals and reveal the contents. So the sounding of the seven thunders which weren't wrote when John heard it in Revelations 10. It was sealed up till the time of the end. Now we know when those seven thunders are revealed, which tells us what's a white horse, what's the lion anointing, what's a red horse. Amen. What are all these anointings? Ox anointing, man anointing, pale horse, black horse. And when he begins to tell us about the souls under the altar and the tribulation, what is all that? Then we know for sure we're in the end time and he has come and the lamb has taken the book and revealed, the mysteries of the seals. Amen. But he took the seals off the book. So we could see the mystery in the book. Because there's been a mystery in the book. There's been a mystery in this book from Genesis to Revelation. And the mystery of the book is the seventh seal. What's the seventh seal? The coming of the Lord. Amen. He's been coming from Genesis and all the way down through as a family of God upon the earth. Amen. So what was the mystery laying on his heels? Remember the the brother Brandham comes and through the prophetic gift, Amen. God uses him and speaks to him and Jesus Christ breaks the seals and brings the interpretation. Brother Brandham at the end of the seals he says now don't thank any man. No man had anything to do with this. He wants you to know this isn't inspiration. Amen. This wasn't I caught something. Amen. This was he himself came every day and told me word for word and show me in a vision what this is. He wants you to know at the end of the seals. Don't say thank you to brother Brandham. Don't say he opened the seals. No. Because nobody but the lamb can take the book and open the seals. So it's got to be evident it wasn't a man. He just saw. He wrote and he came out and he told you what he saw. Amen. This was all done by the lamb. But you realize when he comes to the seventh seal, he doesn't give you any information on the seventh seal. That's right. Amen. Because the seventh seal is the mystery laying under the seals. That's why he doesn't break the seventh seal the same way he breaks the six seals. The six seals, you see, I broke it. This horse went, this person said, this bow, this arrows, and he gives interpretations to all those symbols. But in Revelation chapter 8, when he opens the seventh seal, there's silence in heaven for the space of half an hour. Nothing's wrote, nothing spoke. And brother Bram ties it together to the seven thunders where nothing something spoke but nothing's wrote. You don't know what it is. And he ties the two together so that you know the opening of the seventh seal is attached to the sounding of the seven thunders. That's the first part of the opening of the seal. But what is the mystery of the seventh seal? The mystery of the seventh seal is the coming of the Lord. That's the mystery contained in the entire book. That's the seven seal. That's the great mystery laying under the seals. That's what it is. And it was sealed up with these seals of the church ages. And what those seals were was showing the Antichrist spirit that polluted the church, but how God was keeping her all the way through so that at the end he could take the veil off and show her who she really is. That she is part of Christ, not something else. She's part of Christ. She's part of the word. She's part of the family of God. She's part of the expression of God. And she had to catch the mystery of who she is because she has to know she's part of Christ because she has to catch the mystery of Christ. Amen. Amen. All right, let's keep moving. The feast of trumpets. This is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. Brother Van Pata's Bible and the seven seals had the mystery hid of what it all was and is supposed to open it in the last day of the Leodysian age at the end time. Thanks be to God. That finishes the message to the church. That finishes it. When they look back and see what has been and see where it's all brought up to, that finishes it. The age of the church. So, at the opening of those six seals, when he goes back and he shows the church history and what happened in every category person and how they're taken care of, that finishes the age of the church. That's done. That moves you into the bride age. Now, it's time for the invisible union. And it's time for the headship to unite with the body. Because when the revelation comes off the book of what got messed up and where it went wrong and who did it and how the antichrist spirit did and how God took care of it and how everything's covered and when they look back and see what's been and he reveals it all that finishes the age of the church right there. It's done now. Now you move into the bride age. It's time for the marriage union. It's time for the headship to come. It's time for the manifestation of the bride. Not a church anymore. Amen. Why? Because she's part of the mystery of God. Amen. And it has to be expressed souls that are in prison now. And what about you church that what about six or eight months ago here standing here saying it's thus sayaith the Lord that I'm going to Tucson, Arizona. There'll be a blast and seven angels will appear. You remember not even God making it so real until the Look magazine look took the picture of it. Spiritual foresaw materialized just exactly the same. The seven angels which brought forth the winding up of all the scriptures cuz all the mysteries of the entire Bible lays in the seven seals. I want you to think about that. Okay, we've heard that a lot. But let's think about it. What was the information that came out in the opening of the seals? It had to do with what happened in the last 2,000 years in the church ages. But he said all the mysteries of the entire Bible lays in the seven seals. Amen. I know, friends. I know. I can't explain it either. Don't look at me and wait for me to absolutely interpret this to you. I can't interpret to you. What I'm telling you is that revelation is the restored masterpiece. what God was doing. He foreshadowed in Eden. When he come to Eden, he said, "It's very good." And he went and took his rest. That's the picture. That's the image. That's a picture from his mind on display. The artist displayed his masterpiece family. It fell into ruin. He left his rest and he started building it back. And for 4,000 years, he built it back to the perfect man, the last Adam. And then from him, he took a piece and he started working on the female to bring back the image back together of a perfect family to bring him back into an Eden condition in the millennium so that he could take his thousand-year rest which was interrupted by the fall so that the cycle is complete. That's what redemption is all about. Amen. So that means every mystery of the Bible laid under those seven seals because every mystery has to do with this story. Amen. Every mystery, every doctrine, every truth, every character, everything that's in the Bible has to do with this revelation. God made a masterpiece, a perfect image. It fell. And he's been working for 6,000 years to bring it back. And at the end time, he's going to bring a union back of the man and the woman, the restored wife and Adam together, so that he can bring them back to millennium so that he can take his rest and turn the rulership back over to his son and his son's bride for a thousand years. Yeah. And every doctrine, every truth, every character has to do with that revelation. That's why brother Brandham said, "Amen." Under those seals at the revealing of the seals, that opened up every truth in the Bible, serpent seed. He was preaching serpent seed decades before the opening of the seals. But that mystery lays under the seals because serpent seed has everything to do with this story. The oneness of the God had everything to do with this story. Who Jesus Christ is everything to do with this story. Who the brightest? Everything to do with this story. Marriage and divorce. Everything to do with this story. Amen. Marriage and divorce is describing what Christ did through the church ages. So every truth of the Bible was laying under these seals. Yeah. Because everything in the Bible has to do with this picture. Amen. Every doctrine, every truth. That's why water baptism is in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because water baptism, brother Bam, types with marriage. That's right. That's right. Water baptism has to do water baptism has to do with taking an identification with the headship of Jesus Christ. And I'm going down and being washed away from my old life and I'm coming back. That's why you're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Meaning now I'm coming forth as a new creature, belonging, identifying under the headship of Jesus Christ. It's a marriage, friends. It has to do with it has to do with identification. I'm no longer identified with my old life. I'm identified with Jesus Christ. And water baptism has everything to do with this picture. Amen. Right. You can see you can see the fruitlessness of arguing about doctrine and what's right and what's wrong and what's this. Because if you don't have this picture, it doesn't matter how much you argue about marriage and divorce and how much you argue about serpency and how much you argue about water baptism. It's at the end of the day, it's absolutely fruitless. If you don't have this picture, if you don't know what it's all about, it's all about God manifesting himself on the earth as a son and his son's wife, as a family upon the earth in unity and harmony, expressing the very life of God. That's the whole picture, friends. Hallelujah. And if you don't have that, what's the point in getting your PhD in serpent seat? Amen. Praise be to God. So, you can line up so many things and miss the point. Amen. This is why we can line up so many things and just go to church on Sunday and just go to church on Wednesday and I'm a message believer because I believe certain fundamental doctrines, but I still have my own ambitions in life and I want a career and I want a house and I want to go here and I want to do these things and I want to play these things and have my fun here, but I'm a message believer. No, you missed the whole picture. The whole picture is not about coming to church on Sunday and Wednesday. The whole picture is not having a good life and going to the whole picture is about manifesting the bride of Jesus Christ in your life. Giving him dominion over you so that that word can be expressed to this generation. Amen. It's nothing to do with church attendance. It has nothing to do with a system or a program. Has nothing to do with correct doctrinal teaching. All of that goes together to express the life of Jesus Christ. God. So just coming to church and I believe brother Ram was a prophet and I believe servants sees the truth and I believe it but you've missed this revelation. Amen. Then we're going to always be tied up somewhere and tangled up in something. Right. Missing the whole point. And catching the point makes everything else make sense. Amen. Catching the point makes personal surrender to the word easy. Amen. When you understand that your life is bigger than you can ever imagine. When you when you realize that there's a portion of God waiting to be expressed in your soul and that God has entrusted that portion into you and he sent his spirit in the end time with the truth to awaken that to bring a manifestation. And now all of a sudden your life is not your own. And all the little things that frustrate and have money don't have money and have a good job don't have a good job. None of that matters anymore because that's not the point of my existence. That's not why I'm here. That's not my purpose on being on earth. Hallelujah. This revelation changes everything. Which was the revelation contained in the seven seals. Whether I have a promotion or don't get a promotion, how does it change who I am? Amen. Whether the housing market goes up or the housing market goes down, whether I lose my retirement game or how can that change the revelation of who I am? The message the seat is not there with the shook. This is another long one. Let's we want to read together. Notice there will be no more carrier mother churches denominations after the carrier shuck because after the shuck there is no more nothing left but then but just the grain. That's the same life that went into the ground. That's the life of Christ. Is that right? It's got to be the grain. It's got to be the same kind that went into the ground. Jesus Christ is saying yesterday, today, and forever a spirit come upon the bride to do the same things that he did. See, it's the reproducing again of the grain. Remember the Holy Ghost was bound by these denomination waters for nearly 2,000 years. But at the evening time has been loosed by the evening time message. The Holy Ghost back in the people again to do what? To reproduce the grain, which is the life of Christ. It's the reproducing again of the grain. The word yet young. Now he's referring back to Jesus Christ. The word yet young spake for itself. I know not and know not that I must be about my father's business. He's referring back to when Jesus was 12 years old disputing with the scribes in the temple when his parents found him there and and they and Mary made the mistake of saying thy father and I has sought thee with ears and he says you know not that I must be about my father's business. So at 12 years old he was declaring that he was about his father's business. Now listen what brother Bam says there is the secret of the message now. Did brother Bam just tell us the secret of the message now? What is the secret? And what Jesus declared when he was 12 years old. Don't you know that I'm supposed to be about my father's? You don't you know that my only purpose for being on this planet is to be about my father's business. That's the secret of the message, friends. Amen. He says, now there's the secret of the message. Now, just exactly the father's business. What is the father's business? Could you think of what the father's business was in him? in him to fulfill what Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive." So what was the father's business? The revealing of the word, the manifestation of the word, where the word took on life. Yes. Amen. A virgin shall conceive, fulfilling what Isaiah said, the lame shall leap like a heart, and all these things would take place. Like Moses said, "The Lord your God should raise up a prophet among you like an unto me." I It was the father's business to fulfill the word. Well, if that come down through them stalks of them natural women, what about these stalks of these spiritual church women? Churches means women. Women means churches rather. Is that right? Then what is it now? We must be about the father's business. The wheat would cry back the grain. Yes, sir. What must it do? Vindicate Malachi 4. Vindicate Luke 17:30. Vindicate Hebrews 13:8. Vindicate St. John 14:12. Vindicate all his word. vindicate Hebrews I mean Revelation the 10th chapter of the opening of the seven seals and the mysteries of God even to the serpent seed and all would be manifested marriage and divorce and all these other mysteries that's been hid under the pillars for all these years from the theologians and so forth but is now it but it's now the hour that that's the father's business so what's the father's business for you and I to manifest Malachi 4 you say brother Brandon manifest it But I'm here to vindicate that that was the truth. Amen. How do I vindicate it? By being the bride of Jesus Christ. By giving him a vessel to manifest his life as bride in. Vindicates Malachi 4. Vindicates. Luke 17:30. The son of man. The revealing of the son of man vindicates. Amen. Hebrews 13:8. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever because it's the same life in me that was back there vindicates. Revelation 107. that the mystery of God is finished. Finished in the female form, united back to the male, going back to their Eden condition. That's the father's business. Anything that detracts from that is evil. Amen. Because it hinders what God has us here for. Let's go to Revelation 10:8. Now, you don't have to turn there. I've got it on the overhead. But, and the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel." See, after after the mystery of God is finished, after the sounding of the seven thunders, after the finishing of the mystery of God, now there's a commandment to John, which is a type of the bride. Now, you go and take the book. When the seals have come off, the thunders have been revealed. The mystery of God now is finished. Now you take the book and you eat it up and in your belly be bitter in your mouth, sweet as honey. And he took it and he ate it. It was sweet in his mouth, bitter in his belly. But now you take it and you eat it. And then it says in verse 11, "And he said unto me, thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." See why this is a mysterious book? Brother Bam calls it the book of redemption. He calls it the book of life. He calls it the Bible. He calls it your marriage certificate. So the book of life is a record of life. It's a manif to to come into manifestation. And Adam had it but lost it and went back to God. God to keep it safe put it in the flesh of Jesus Christ to manifest the contents of the book. And now Jesus takes that out of the right hand of him that sat on the throne. And Jesus opens the seals and reveals the contents of the book. And then he comes down with a little book open. Amen. And now John's told to go eat the book. What a strange book. Amen. What is John supposed to do at the end time? He's supposed to take this revelation that's been unlocked in the end time and become one with it. Amen. That's right. To ingest it, to feed on it, to take it inside of himself. And what does he do once he takes it inside of himself and becomes one with it? It comes back out of him and he prophesies again. He's What is that? That's the father's business. That's what we're supposed to be doing. Now, it's a good question. Where's the book? Don't look to me to answer. I'm not going to answer that. Like I don't want to get in trouble. And saying the book's here, book's there. Listen, the book can be in multiple places at the same time. Because the book is the secret mystery in God's mind. Amen. That's been sealed away from man all this time. That everything in the Bible has been working towards this mystery. But in the end times, he takes it and he unveils it. And when he unveils it, we're commanded to eat it, to ingest it. It's it's Listen, it's the same thing as receiving seed. Amen. Receive the book into yourself, and then out of yourself will come the book. Amen. It's just like the woman in the marriage union receiving seed, then out of her comes the life of that seed. Amen. It's like a garden receiving a seed and bringing out the life of the seed. We're supposed to receive the book and bring forth the life of the book. And that's going to be a declaration to the world of what was in that book. Amen. How will they know the contents of the book when they see the bride? Yeah. Because she'll manifest what was in that book because she is the book. Because Christ is the book and she's part of Christ. And now Christ is where? In her. Amen. Where's the book? in her. All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured where? Into her. Where's the book? Amen. Where's the book? Right. Was it What's in the book? The book is the life of Christ. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Where's the book? All that God was, he poured into Christ. So all of God was poured into Christ because Christ is the word made manifest. The anointed word manifest. Wherever the word is manifest, that's Christ. Because God is the originator of the word and on display of that word is Christ. So all that God was, his full thought, his full desire for expression. He poured into Christ the word. And wherever that word was manifest, that's Christ. And everything Christ is, he poured into the bride. Cuz what is she? She's the manifestation of the contents of the book in the end time because there's been an invisible union. The headship has come. Christ is dwelling in her. The fullness of the Holy Ghost has been unlocked and unleashed at the end of the church ages by the opening of the seals by the ministry of the seventh angel to do what? The Holy Ghost to come back. That's why brother Brennham couldn't preach token till after the seals. Because token is the full life. It's not the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's the Holy Ghost himself, the person of the Holy Ghost, Jesus Christ living in his body on earth now, which is a many membered bride body. Amen. So where's the book? It's in an earthn vessel. It's in an earthn vessel. Let's look at this scripture. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. And whom the God of this world has blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves but Christ Jesus the Lord and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness has shined in our hearts. This is revelation to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Amen. What is that? God made flesh. Amen. So the light of the knowledge of the glory of God. Where do you find the light of the knowledge of the glory of God to understand all the glory of God? Where do you find it? You find it in his son. Amen. God made flesh on the earth. Then listen. But we have this treasure in earthn vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. So all that was in God, he poured into Christ. All that was in Christ, he poured into us. Amen. which is the knowledge of the glory of God. The light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ has been poured into us to do what? To prophesy again. Amen. Oh, I'm I got a few more minutes and I'm going to clip through these fast. I like I like having this so we can read them together and go quick. Oh God, this super sign. God. If the world can only see that the God and man are one, the super sign was that first man that God could come into. All that God was, he poured into Christ. And all Christ was, he poured into the church. Super sign, God and man together. That was to be the super sign of the last day when the entire Bible was to be fulfilled in the last day. Is that our day? Amen. So the super sign of the last day is God poured into man. The oneness of God in man. A super sign. A virgin shall conceive. And this conception when it's brought forth will be God manifest in the flesh. Super sign. They still don't believe it but it was anyhow. It's still a super sign. Notice super sign. They've got Superman today. They got fictions of Superman and all these other kind of super things. But the church has the church has got a super sign. God back in the church manifested in human flesh. God united with man his sure super sign. And he showed it in the flesh of his prophet in the end time. And he showed a super sign. He showed God in flesh again in the church in a prophet without question. That was God. Amen. Amen. Notice the eternal sign and unfailing sign. It will never fail. The the word and man became one. When God's word and man became one, as St. John the first chapter says, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us." That's the super sign. Oh, if that was the super sign of that day when that same spirit that was on Jesus Christ comes into his church to manifest the written word for today, that is still the super sign. What's the super sign? When you manifest the word for your day, that's the super sign. When you become the bride of Jesus Christ, the end submitted to the word, living the word, manifesting the word, and nothing but the word, that's the super sign. Amen. When finished at the Leodysian age, according to Revelation 10, the mystery of all the Bible would be known to the bride. Sorry, not known, node. Doesn't take good English to get the revelation. It takes a gift from God. The mystery of the Bible would be node to the bride. Is that right? Revelation 10. Listen close now. Bride called out by the word. Christ himself calling out the bride. Hey, listen. When the true revelation of the word came forth, what called you? Christ himself called you. Because the word for this hour is your mate. It is. Amen. The revealed word for the hour is your bridegroom. And he called you to his side by what? By revealing himself. By revealing the mysteries. By revealing the mystery of God. That was your bridegroom calling. That was Christ himself cuz he's the only one that can take the book and loose the seal. Amen. Making plain Hebrews 13:8 that he's the same yesterday, today, forever. Does the same is the same. Satan's he says, "And so God knew that we would be here, but then he put us in flesh so we could be contacted. in order he could contact. He became one of us when he became Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, the fullness of the manifestation of God. Therefore, that was God's purpose to display his attributes in fellowship. So, what was God's purpose in the beginning? To display his attributes and fellowship. What are his attributes? His word. What is his word? You and I. Amen. Amen. We're also his attributes. When I was in my father, I knew nothing about it. But when I became a son, I was born of him. I was an attribute, a part of my father and you're a part of your father. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him, made flesh like he was made flesh. So we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. Yes, sir. That's what God wanted at the beginning. Amen. And that's what Adam was given the book for, to make that purpose come to pass. Amen. And that's why he lost the book when he lost the ability to make that to come to pass in perfection. But Christ is doing it spiritually and he's bringing it to pass. That's why he has the book and that's why at the end time he gives the book to us and we receive the book and manifest the book. He says now and now remember you Christians were his thoughts before there was a world and you are the manifestation of his thinking before there even was a world you were in Christ in God in the beginning that makes you then see his subjects and the whole thing is God himself materializing himself tangible so he could be handled seen and so forth and that's what God is the whole thing. Amen. It's what God is. The whole thing, the whole book coming into manifestation is God becoming tangible. That was his purpose at the beginning. That's what's being redeemed and restored back identification. He says, "Then see God come down and the character of God was Christ. He was the reflection. He was God made visible." Notice God made visible in the beginning was God. He wasn't even God then. No, God is an object of worship. Only thing he was was the eternal and in him was attributes and those attributes were thoughts and those thoughts was expressed to words and word has been was made manifest. What is it? It's all God becoming tangible and you are a part of God. That means you're a part of that book and you have to come to an expression. Amen. All right. Now, we're going to lead lead this. We're going to finish up with this and one other I think Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Revelation 10:7 is about what? In the days, let's read it again. Revelation 10:7, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. Amen. So, brother Brandham when he comes to the seventh seal, he doesn't feel to say no more and he gives some typology and parables and stories and he moves on. But when he comes back to this message in July 28th in 1963, he preaches the seventh seal. Amen. And it's evident he does by the opening what he says in the opening. So when he preaches the seventh seal which is the mystery of God finished, what does he title this message? Yeah, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. So what is the fulfillment of Revelation 10:7? It's Christ. Christ. But listen, Christ is the word made manifest in every age. Amen. And the bride of Christ is part of the expression of Christ. Amen. And Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Now for a text, I want to take out of there this for a text basing it upon the entire Bible. So what's he trying to preach? Christ is mystery of God revealed. He's preaching the entire Bible. That's right. Which is the book of life. Which is the book that was in his hand. Which is the book that Adam had. Which is the book we're supposed to eat. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. But I want us to title this Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Christ being the mystery of God revealed. Now, God's secret mystery he had before the world began. Now back in the back part of God's mind, there was something that he was trying and was going to achieve and he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. What is this? This is the mystery of the whole book. This is the mystery that's laying under the seals. This is the mystery of the whole Bible. This is the thing that God's wanted to do from the beginning. This was the mystery locked up in the back part of his mind. This was what was healed, hid and veiled away from the church for seven church ages only to be revealed in the end time. This is the mystery of the seventh seal. This is the mystery laying under the seals. This is the mystery of the book. Amen. That God had a motive in order to let himself be expressed. We already learned as a family of God and fellowship together upon the earth. Because first there wasn't even a moon, star, atom, molecule, anything. He was God, but he exactly wasn't God at that time because God is an object of worship. And there wasn't nothing to worship him. So in his great mind, he wanted those attributes to be expressed. And in him was love. In him was to be a father. And him was to be a son. In him was to be a savior. In him was to be a healer. And all these great attributes that we see already expressed, they were in God. Now God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. And that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning. the hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began and how that's unfolded itself right down to this present hour that we're living then you will understand clearly then you see when I believe what is being done God's g great mystery of how it's a secret he kept it a secret nobody know nothing about it even the angels didn't understand it he didn't reveal it that's the reason under our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was open there was silence What is this great mystery of God? The seventh seal. Amen. Jesus when he was on earth, they wanted to know when he would come. He said, "Not even the son himself don't know when it's going to happen." See, God has this all to himself. It's a secret. And that's the reason there was silence in heavens for space of half an hour. That's Revelation 8:1, the seven opening seventh seal. And seven thunders utter their voice. That's Revelation 10. Yeah. Amen. And John was forbidden to write it. What is he saying? The reason that Revelations 8:1 didn't say anything, the Revelation 10 didn't say anything, is because it's a secret. It's all in God. And he's not going to let the secret out till the end of the church, to the end of the ages, till the end of everything. And then he's going to let out his secret. Which is the seventh seal, which is the mystery that was laying under those seals. Amen. The coming of the Lord. That's one thing. Listen, that's one thing he hasn't revealed yet of how he will come and when he will come. It's a good thing that he doesn't know. He has showed or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. Amen. So, did he reveal it? Did he tell it? No. Did he show it? Yes. And if you can see where he showed it, then he will reveal it. Amen. Right. Listen to what he says. The entire B. Okay, I'm going to read again. It's a good thing that he doesn't know. He has showed or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. Therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The entire Bible is an expression of one goal that God had, one purpose he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been entied and expressing what God's great goal is. So this book is the mystery of the seventh seal. The entire book. That's why when you open those seals, it opened up the entire Bible. That's why brother Bam said, "My Bible became a new book to me." Amen. Because of this mystery unlocking at the end times, not knowing what a white horse is, knowing what a white horse is, shows where we are in time and takes the veil away so that we can see the mystery. Amen. And that makes the book a new book. Amen. All the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type and expressing what God's great goal is. And now in this last day, he has revealed it and shows it. I thought he said he didn't reveal it. It's a good thing he does it. No, but he shows it. But now in the last days, he reveals it and shows it. Amen. Listen, you decide which which sentence you want to identify with, but I identify with this one that he has revealed it and chose it. If you want to claim that he hasn't, that's fine for you. But it's not fine for me because I believe this statement here. He has revealed it and shows it and God's help. Well, you'll see it right here this morning. This great mystery, the secret nobody told him about that. He hasn't revealed what with God's help. You'll see it right here this morning. Amen. In what message? Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Amen. what the Lord has had in his mind all along and has expressed it. Yeah. Therefore, you can see the great meaning of what it's been to know this and then try to bring it to the people. So, brother Bam knows what the Revelation 7 sees. Amen. And then you don't I haven't went into details to try to explain it as God has revealed it to me. Oh, thank God for revelation, friends. Amen. the second seal. He says, "Let's bow our heads just a moment, heavenly father. Oh, just sometimes Lord's standing here." He's in the second seal. At the end of the second seal, I tremble. I think of that awful hour that's approaching. There's no way to stop it. It's predicted that it will come. Now, I've thought of why don't the people come and listen and why don't they come and accept it? But of course, I know that you said they wouldn't, so they won't. But there is some that's got their names written on the Lamb's Book of Life. And when them seals are thrown open there, they see their name there and the Holy Spirit speaks to them. They come, you can't keep them away. No one can. No one. I'm one of those who saw my name in the book. Amen. Why? How did you see your name in the book? It's not a book like you're thinking book. It's the revelation. And I saw myself part of that revelation. My name is in that book. Amen. When the seals are thrown open and they see their name there. Amen. When he throwed open the seals and revealed the mystery, something in me knew I was part of that mystery. And then they'll come. You can't keep them away. No one can. No one. That's right. Again, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Now, you see the seals when he was in his mediator work back there redeeming. Someday he comes forth to get this book that he's redeemed. And all that's in the book would be him. For that's the believer. The word's in the book and the word is him. Amen. So everything that's in this book is what? Christ. Because Christ is the mystery of God revealed. But what are you? I'm one of the words in the book. So there's my name. I'm part of the book, but the book is Christ, which means I'm part of Christ. And Christ is the revelation, the mystery of God revealed. That means I'm part of God. I'm part of the revelation of God. I'm part of Christ. And Christ is the book. And the believer's words in the book. I'm part of the book, part of Christ, part of the revelation of God's great mystery. The seventh seal. The seventh seal is not something I believe. The seventh seal is something I'm part of, manifesting, expressing on this earth. It's not a belief. It's a manifestation. It's not a belief. It's a person. It's God himself coming and manifesting himself through Christ through the anointing of Christ upon a people on the earth to manifest the bride form of Jesus Christ. It's not a doctrine. It's not a teaching. It's not a belief. It's a manifestation of a life. That's the seventh seal. Praise God. Now, does it matter if you lose your job tomorrow? It doesn't matter if you lose your job tomorrow. Will your flesh suffer? Sure, it will suffer. But what does it matter? I saw my name in the book. The book that's been from before the foundation of the world. Amen. What does it matter? Everything's secure. If something happens to me, it's only because God wants to express some of his word through me. This revelation is the revelation that gives the bride faith to take her position. Yeah. This is the revelation that will eventually give her faith to take a body change because she recognizes what she really is, what her substance is, what she's part of, and why she's here. Brother said, "Look, Christ in you makes him the center of the life of the revelation." Christ's life in you makes him the center of the revelation. Christ in the Bible makes the Bible the complete revelation of Christ. Christ in you makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. See what God is trying to do. He's trying to manifest the whole secret in you. Amen. He's trying to reveal the seventh seal in you. Do you see the title of the message? Christ is the mystery of God revealed. That's the preaching of the seventh seal. He hasn't went in great detail to explain it. I haven't great detail to explain it as he showed it to me. He hasn't revealed, but he showed it in every time. And with God's help this morning, you'll see it. Amen. And he comes down to the end of it and he's talking about Christ in you. I thought he's saying Jesus Christ was the manifestation of the seventh seal. He finishes this message with Christ in you. Makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. Amen. Because what's the point? Adam and Eve united together again. Amen. What's taking place in the bride in the end time? Christ and his bride united together again in flesh in a many membered body on the earth in the end time. the complete revelation of the whole mystery. Amen. If you get a flat tire tomorrow, how does that change what's in the book? How does that take our faith away and stop? Listen, this is the revelation that gives us faith to be who he's called us to be. This makes every doctrine matter. This makes every teaching important. It's not the teaching alone. It's the revelation of the mystery that he's been unfolding. Let's all stand together. Praise be to God. This message is so much bigger than we ever thought and our part in it is so much critical than we could ever imagine. You're not an extra. You're not a tag along. You're not a stage hand. You are critical and to the manifestation of God's great mystery he had in his mind before the foundation of the world. You are finishing that mystery now. Amen. The way we think, what we look at, what we talk about, where we go, what we do, all matters. Amen. It matters. Why? It matters because of my purpose. Amen. My purpose. You catch this revelation, catch this purpose. Nobody's got to follow you around making sure that you don't do evil things and get in trouble and look at things you shouldn't and fe. Nobody's got to chase you down and make sure that you don't get involved in this kind of activ. Listen, there's nothing in you that wants to get involved in that activity. When this revelation becomes alive and you recognize you're part of it, there's nothing in you that wants to get involved in that anymore. All I want to do is yield this vessel to that purpose. It is the revelation that brings faith, true faith, real faith, overcoming faith. Amen. Amen. It'll never come by doctrinal teaching. It only come by revelation of who you really are. And when the seals are open and you see the mystery under the seals, can you see your name in the book? Oh, praise God. What was it John rejoicing about? When the lamb took the book and loosed the seals and John was shouting, he said, "Everybody in heaven, everybody on earth, everybody under the earth heard me shouting praises and glory and honor to him that sits on the throne and the lamb forever and ever and ever." What was he rejoicing about? You can say, "Well, he was rejoicing because the book was open." That's not what brother Brandham says. He wasn't rejoicing because there was already a rejoicing in heaven when the book was open. Because the 24 elders and everybody under the altar, they were all rejoicing and the heavenly host was rejoicing. But John wasn't rejoicing yet. When they stopped rejoicing, John started rejoicing. And what was John rejoicing about? Because brother Benham said he must have looked over and saw his name in the book. And when he saw his name in the book, he started up and he got fired up. Amen. It's not that we're excited cuz the seals are open. I'm excited cuz the opening of the seals unlocked my identity and I found my identity in Christ in the book. And that's worth shouting about. That's worth dancing about. That's worth singing about. That's worth clapping your hands about. That's worth getting a little excited about and getting beside yourself about when you realize that I've been part of God's eternal purpose from before the foundation of the world. And I can never be lost, never separated. His love can never fail. Oh, that's something to get excited about. where everything in heaven and everything on earth and everything under the earth can hear you sing and shout and get beside yourself for this revelation. Praise be to God. Amen. Let's sing a song. We're going to stop. Let's sing a song. Give me more revelation. Let my flesh be whole forsen that the word of God guide me on my way so he can have preeminence each day. Give me glory. [Music] Let my life be your reflection for I know this word is my redemption. Give me more [Music] revelation. Give me more revelation. Let my life be all forsen. And the word of God guide me on my way so he can have [Applause] evidence. Give me more. [Music] Let my life be your [Music] reflection for I know this word is my redemption. Give me more revelation and give me more [Applause] revelation. Oh, let my life be your reflection. For I know this word I give me [Music] more. Oh, how I long to be in love with you. Till all the world just fade from you. Deep calling to the deep burning [Applause] inside is my heart. [Music] to have the word made manifest in me. Living pure and holy unto thee. This longing in my heart. Only you can [Music] say, "Oh, how I long to be with you. All the world just wait around you. Deep calling to the deep. A burning inside is my heart's cry. [Music] Do you have the word [Music] made in me living pure and holy to thee in my heart only you can s once Oh, how I long to be in love with you. Till all the world just fades from you. And deep calling to the deep burning in is my heart's cry. [Music] Have the word made manifest in me. Living pure and holy unto thee. This longing in my heart. Only you can [Applause] sit. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. There is none like you. There's none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you [Applause] do. I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like [Music] you. There is none like you. None like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. [Music] I know I am the bride that you're returning for. Dressed in garments white and wrinkle [Music] free. I have no earthly love that I'm holding to. You're the one who means everything to me. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give in. I will give everything to you alone. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you haven't done. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have beun. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you. [Music] Will I know I am the bride that you're returning for? Dressed in garments wine and wrinkle [Music] free. I have no earthly love that I'm holding to. You're the one who means everything to me. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give [Music] everything to you alone. I will sing. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you, Lord. I will give anything. I will give anything. I will give everything to you. Even so, come Lord Jesus, come. Even so, take your bride away. [Music] How my soul longs to be with you my Lord. [Music] Even so, even so. Come Lord Jesus. [Music] Come. Lord, you are the lover of my soul. Lord, you are exalted over all and I bow before your throne to worship you. to worship you. Lord, you are Lord. You are [Music] the Even so. Even so come Lord Jesus come. Even so take your pride away. [Music] How my [Music] soul longs to be with you, my Lord. [Music] Even so, even so. Come Lord Jesus. Come Lord, you [Music] are Lord. You are the Lord of my soul. Lord, you are exalted over all and I bow before your throne to worship you. [Music] You are you are my soul.
