################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 250413 - Chad Lamb: The Mysterious Book in an Earthen Vessel - Chad Lamb - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   250413 - Chad Lamb: The Mysterious Book in an Earthen Vessel
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7RlWIWR7KY
========================================

I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Amen. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. So come my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. It will start the joy bells ringing and will keep the soul of flame. It's burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Some folks are building hopes down here and planning ahead. So busy with their fortunes, they've forgotten what Jesus said about the wars and earthquakes and the fig trees cluting leaves. There's a group of people getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in the bank up in the sky. Happy preparations not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Consider what's the reason for your needless delay. While you're hesitating, Christ could come most any day. He the spirit's calling. Make your way to Calvary and get in that number. Getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. We're making investments in the bank up in the sky. Happy preparations, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Well, some folks are building hopes down here and planning ahead. So busy with their fortunes, they forgot what Jesus said about the wars and earthquakes and the fig trees leaves. There's a group of people getting ready to leave. Well, ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in the bank up in the sky. Happy preparations, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Why don't you lift up your hands and praise the Lord? Oh, praise him for his mercy. Praise him for his love. Oh, great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. Why don't you lift up your hands and praise the Lord? I'm going to I'm going to lift up my hands and praise the Lord. Oh, praise him for his mercy. I'll praise him for his love. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. I'm going to lift up my hands and praise the Lord. So, let us lift up our hands and praise the Lord. We'll praise him for his mercy. Praise him for his love. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. So let us lift up our hands and praise the Lord. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. [Music] And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never [Music] pay. He paid a debt at Calary. cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never [Music] pay. And now he's coming back for me. I'll live with him eternally. Oh, it's been glorious to see him in this day. I now will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. And now he's coming back. And now he's coming back for me. I'll live with him eternally. Oh, it's been glorious to see him in this day. I now will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. [Music] I now understand the words that saints will sing about. Before I couldn't join them, my heart was full of doubt. Now there's joy in my soul that wasn't there before. I can't help but praise him forever more. Hallelujah to the healer of my heart. Thank you Lord for making darkness depart. Hallelujah to the Lord that set me free. Thank you Lord for the work you've done in me. Do you think the King of glory would choose to walk with me to break all of my chains and give me liberty? He's so wonderful to me. I want to praise him every day. And yet all my words fail to clearly say hallelujah to the healer of my heart. Thank you Lord for making darkness depart. Hallelujah to the Lord that set me free. Thank you Lord for the work you've done in me. [Music] Hallelujah to the healer of my heart. Thank you Lord for making darkness depart. Hallelujah to the Lord that set me free. Thank you Lord for the work you've done in me. [Music] Thank you, Lord, for the work you've done in me. Well, I have found his grace. It's all complete. He supply every need. While I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free. Yes, free indeed. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. All the half has never yet been told. And I have found the pleasure I once craved. It is joy and peace within. What a wonderous blessing I am sing from the awful go of sin. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. All the half has never yet been told. And I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so neat. I can see his smiling face. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. All the has never yet been told. And I have found the joy no tongue can tell. How its waves of glory roll. Like a great flowing well, springing up within my soul. Joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Oh, the half. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Well, I believe the true report. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have passed the outer court. Oh, glory be to God. I'm all on Jesus side. On the altar, sanctified to the world and sin. I've died. Hallelujah. To the lamb. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. I've passed the ribbon bail where the glories never fade. Hallelu. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the king. Well, I'm a king and priest to God. Hallelujah to the lamb by the cleansing of the blood. Oh, glory be to God by the spirit's power and might. I am living day and night in the holiest place so bright. Hallelujah to the land. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've passed the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelujah. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the king. I have pass the outer bay. Hallelujah to the lamb which did once God's light concealed. Oh, glory be to God. But the blood has brought me in to God's holiness so clean. Where there's death to self and sin. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I pass the ribbon veil where the glories never fail. Hallelu. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the King and I'm within the holiest veil. Hallelujah to the lamb. I passed the inner veil. Oh, glory be to God. I'm sanctified to God by the power of the blood. Now the Lord is my abode. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've passed the ribbon ve where the glories never fade. Hallelujah. I'm living in the presence of the king. Well, I am living in the presence of the king. Amen. All I want to see is Jesus. Oh, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear. Will lay before the holy consume me. Fire all my works and all my deeds. Every prayer set on my knees will lay before the holy consume me. All I want to see is [Music] Jesus. All I want to see is him and me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through me. [Music] hurt and self inflicted pain. Everything that I thought gain laid before the holy consume me. Highers of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lake. Lay before the holy consumeing fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. and hear him say, "Well done, my graious work. Well done. Well done, my [Music] [Applause] faithful. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. and hear him say and hear him say will die. My preious one. Well done. Well done. I faith for her. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. [Music] shining through me. As brother Chad comes this morning, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, to be found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done someday." I just want to please the Lord. Be it his will in every way to be lost in his presence found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." Someday once more. I just want to please the Lord. Be it his will in every way to be lost in his presence. Found in his likeness to hear him say, "Well done someday. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you've gathered us once again. That you've allowed us this privilege of being together. Lord, we pray that you would just move, Lord, in our midst, Lord, that you would have free reign. Lord, we pray you take these lips and mind under your control to speak your word. May you give us ears to hear and hearts to perceive all that you have for us. And Lord, may you accomplish your purpose as we surrender to you and give you the preeminence that you desire. May you find the liberty to work your work in this place and in our lives. We commit this service into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Before we turn to our scriptures, I'm going to let you all have your seats for just a minute because this is another special Sunday. We have a baby dedication this Sunday. So, if brother Aaron and Sister Samantha Small would like to bring their new little baby girl forward, we're be happy to help them dedicate her, Amen. to the Lord. And it's always a privilege to see God blessing the young families and bringing forth life. Amen. This little girl's name is Gwindelyn Irene Small. Gwindelyn means blessed ring and Irene means peace. And so, she's got a lovely name. God bless you both. Oh my goodness. Let's all pray together. Dear Lord Jesus, God, I stand here as your representation, Lord. Your representative in this church, Lord, as pastor, shepherd of this flock. Lord, if you were here, you would draw this baby up in your arms as the mothers brought you children, Lord. and you took them in your arms and blessed them. So here I am in yourstead. And Lord, so in the name of Jesus Christ, I take this little girl in my arms, little Gwindelin Irene Small, and I bless her, Lord. May her life be blessed. May you hedge her about and protect her and watch over her, Lord, all the days of her life. May you become real to her and may you speak to her heart from the time she's a young person, Lord. That she would never stray and never know the ws of the enemy, but she would know your way and she would walk in your way. Pray to watch over her protector. Bless her mother and her father. Give them wisdom and strength and understanding to raise this little life for your glory. For they are stewards over the life and you have entrusted her into their hands temporarily for a time. And may they be found faithful in their post of duty. May you bless my brother Aaron. Give him strength and wisdom and understanding to lead and to provide for her life. Lord, pray that you bless sister Samantha. May she have the nurture and care and the motherly instincts to care for this little wind. And may she show her an example of Christian femininity that can follow. And Lord, may we as an assembly gather around this family and support them and care for them and lend our support and care, Lord, so they have the strength to bring forth, Lord, this life to full maturity. We love you. We thank you for the gifts that you give, for all your gifts are good. And we enjoy this moment and share it together and give you glory for it. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you both. Poor thing. I've got cold hands and she's so warm. God bless you. God bless you, Sister Samantha. Amen. We can all stand together. Amen. God bless you, musicians. Thank you. I think it was wonderful to see Sister Rachel back at the organ. Amen. After God had healed her and brought her back. Amen. What a wonderful rejoicing day. You know, the Bible says, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but he is God who deliverth them from them all." And so, we love to see God's hand delivering. Amen. If you would like to turn to the book of Revelation, chapter 5, you can begin turning there. Just want to remind you that brother uh Gabe Smith, he's in Oregon this morning, uh preaching for brother Rich Cobb. And then brother Kyle Wert's across town preaching at Bible believers this morning. So, we want to remember them as well. And then also next Sunday, uh, which will be Easter Sunday, Brother Jim Swanson will be over and take the Easter service at Bible believers. So I know he'd appreciate your prayers as well for that service. Amen. So let's turn to Revelation chapter 5. Let's begin with verse one. Also want to thank the sisters for the special today. That was wonderful. Appreciate that so much. Amen. Revelation 5 verse 1. And I saw on the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaim with a loud voice, "Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof?" And no man in the heaven, nor in the earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders saith unto me, weep not, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as I had been slain, having seven horns, and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth under all the earth. And he came, and he took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Amen. God bless you all. May God bless us as we have our seats and God bless us as we look into his word. Amen. So for this morning, I'd like to take the subject, the mysterious book in an earthn vessel. The mysterious book in an earthn vessel. And uh you know, we've preached on these things so many times, but I don't think we've exhausted it yet. Amen. There's so much revelation here. And this was so important to the ministry of the seventh angel to brother Brandham that that this time in in this time uh in the redemption plan this time that we find ourselves in was such a critical junction in time. It was the completion the wrapping up of so many things and uh we might talk about that a little bit. But I want to I there's just some things I've been looking at that keep opening more and more. Uh and and things that we know and things we've heard and things we've talked about, but they keep opening on other levels and they keep surprising. Uh for me, they keep surprising me as the depths keep opening and opening and opening. The word is like an onion. It just keeps peeling. Amen. Keeps opening and it gets fresher the deeper you go and more powerful. Amen. And that's why it brings tears to our eyes to see the revelation of the hour. Amen. And so this morning we're doing something a little bit different. Brother Franco just grabbed my notes just when I was in the back room there and he said he's going to try to throw them on the overhead like they did when I was out in Arizona. And I said, "God bless you, brother, if you can do it that fast, you know." So he's only had a few minutes. So I didn't put this PowerPoint together. I don't even know what order I'm going to preach this in. I've come to I've come today with more material than I can get through. I don't intend to get through it all. Amen. So, I'm just praying that God will have his way. We may jump around a little bit, but I'm just asking you to be patient and keep feeding. Amen. All I want you to do is keep reaching out for the next bite. And God will give you the next bite. Amen. So, just keep saying, "I want another bite. I want another bite. I want another bite." So, I don't intend to preach at all. At some point, we got to find a stopping point. And I'm asking God to give us the stopping point because we want to catch this uh this what's opening up, what's fresh on my heart. Amen. I want to deliver to you. And then we want to stop and we may pick it up again Wednesday night. But if you come to the table hungry, he'll feed. Amen. He will feed his sheep. Amen. And so we're going to try to read through some of these things and go through them. And I will Hey, if I have to stumble around, it won't make me nervous. You just don't get nervous. If you don't get nervous, everything will be fine. If God got to flip through and find my next slide, it'll all be fine. Amen. And if we abandon the whole PowerPoint and go a different direction, that'll be fine, too. Amen. Praise God. So, we just read through this scripture, but I want to read through this quote now. Says, "Notice he's not an animal because the lamb went and took the book, but not an animal." Amen. Brother Ram says, "The book of Revelation is a book of symbols." He preached a message called Book of Revelation, book of symbols. Amen. So, a lamb can't take a book because he has no hands. He can't hold a book. He doesn't mouth it, you know. So, it's symbology. So, when he say lamb, we know he's talking about Jesus Christ. Yeah, the man. Amen. But this man is the lamb. He's the sacrificial lamb. Amen. That made the atonement that paid the price of redemption. That I was our substitutionary lamb that took our place on Calvary and died for our sins. So he is the lamb, but he's not a lamb. He's a man. Amen. But that man is a lamb. And that lamb's also a lion. Amen. Amen. So you see how you read the book of Revelation? You don't read the book of Revelation literally. It's a book of symbols to bring forth a truth. Amen. A hidden truth. So either he he took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Who was it? The owner, the original owner that had the book of redemption in his right hand. And no angel, no angelic being, nothing else could take the place. And this bloody lamb walked out and took the book out of his hand. What was it? Brother, this is the most sublime thing in scripture. Amen. An act that not an angel, not nothing could do it. And the lamb come and took it from the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. What is it now? It belongs to the lamb. Amen. I I've heard this script uh this quote so many times and I wanted to look up sublime. What does sublime mean? And and and one of the definitions I found online was lofty, grand, exalted in thought, expression or manner. That's one definition. and others of outstanding spiritual, intellectual or moral worth. Amen. This is the most sublime thing in the scripture. If this is the most sublime, the thing of outstanding spiritual, intellectual, moral value, the thing that's lofty and grand, excellent in thought, expression or manner, and he says this is the most sublime thing in all of the scripture. Listen, he didn't say that Calvary was the most sublime thing in scripture. Although Calvary is fundamental, without it, we have no redemption. Without it, we're we're completely lost. Amen. But but if you have the purchase price paid, but there's no claiming of redemption. It was paid, but then it falters at the claiming, and then you never come into the inheritance, the full restoration of what was lost. Amen. So, we've got to have the price paid, but there also has to be a time that the that the that the that the purchased price, Amen, brings about the fullness of redemption, which is a return back to the inheritance. Amen. That was the reason he came and died. Amen. A reason that he came and died is because the inheritance was lost and had to be purchased back. So when we go to the first seal here, he says now in this fifth chapter, the breaking of the seals and now the seven sealed book. First we want to read the first seal. Last evening to background just a little more, we find out that John looked and seen the book still in the hands of the original owner. You remember how it was lost by Adam? He forfeited the book of life for the knowledge of Satan and lost his inheritance. Lost everything and no way for redemption. Then God made in the likeness of men came down and became a redeemer to us to redeem us. And now we find out that in the days past by these things which was mysterious is to be opened up to us in the last days. So it was lost because Adam was the first son of God and he was given dominion over the earth. He was gi he was a god upon the creation of of god. He was given the dominion to be a god on the earth. Amen. and and his commission was to multiply and replenish. And we know, brother Bam told us he was to bring forth the God race. Amen. Upon the earth, the seed of God, the children of God. That was God's original desire from the beginning. Amen. And so because of that, he had the book. Yeah. Listen, remember book of Revelation, book of symbols. That's right. What kind of book was Adam carrying around? Right? Remember when brother Stan Price was here, he was talking about this. Amen. And then brother Ram shows us in the symbology of the book. It was a scroll that was wrapped around and had a seal on it. Another one wrapped in another seal. But that's the symbol form. Amen. The question is what book was Adam carrying around? Because brother Bam tells us Adam had this book. It was the right to inheritance. It was the right Amen. to the contents of the book. What was in the book? He had a right to that book. And and the question is what did Adam do with the book? Was he walking around holding this and tilling the ground? And and then you know just just to show that this is not natural. This is spiritual. Amen. Adam was naked. Yeah. So where did he put the book when he had to use two hands? He didn't have a pocket. There was no Let me set this down. Are we understanding friends? Where was this book? Amen. Now, how did he have the book? The book was the mind of God. The book was the mystery plan of God. The book was the thing that was trapped in God's mind, what he wanted to do, what he wanted to achieve. And it was all written in that book. And that book is the family of God coming forth on the earth. And that book was given to Adam because Adam was supposed to bring forth that family. Brother Brandham said they would have eventually brought forth Christ. Amen. Amen. Christ, the one seed, the seed of Abraham, Christ, the promised seed. It would have come forth in a many membered body because that's all the seed and he was given that book. But when part of himself, Amen, the woman hybrid the seed with the serpent and he went and took the woman. Now because of hybridization, he lost the book and it went back to the original owner. Amen. What book? What paper was it written on? What kind of ink? You know, brother Bam says that your name, the only thing in the book are names. So he says in the church age book, the only thing in the book are names. But I thought there was revelations trapped in the book. There are revelation, tons of revelation trapped in the book. It's all the revelation about what names are written on that book. Every revelation has to do with the names. And what is the name? The names are the family of God. the seed line of Christ. The record of the seed is in that book. Amen. So, Adam had it and he lost it and he went back to God. And listen, only thing in that book are names. So, did God write it down because he was afraid he would forget? It's all symbology. It's all meaning something. It's representing something. Amen. And then brother Bam said, "Your name was written in the blood in the ink of the blood of Jesus Christ." But the blood of Jesus Christ, although it was shed in the mind of God, the physical blood wasn't shed until 2,000 years ago, but the book was in existence from before the foundation of the world. So what blood? Amen. Because brother Brenham said the blood represents the life. The blood is a representation of the life. So what what ink did he write your name in that book? It was his own life. That's right. His life, the life of God, which is the life of Christ. That is that is how your name is written in the book because you were always intended to share his life. Amen. See, we we get so to me, this is just me, friends. We get so bogged down in literal things and physical things that we don't catch the full revelation of what the prophet is trying to tell us and things become confusing because because it looks like he he uses one type and an analogy one place he'll use another type somewhere else and they look like they're contrasting types and they can't be coexistent at the same time. And the reality is if you don't make it physical and physical locations and physical items, but you make it spiritual truth, they can be simultaneously true at the exact same time. Amen. Because it's a spiritual truth. Now, brother Bam goes on to say here in Revelation 5:1, now the strong angel with a loud voice proclaimed, "Who is worthy? Who is able to to do this?" And then the elder said, "Don't weep for the lion of the tribe of Judah. He is worthy. He has overcome." And he took the book and opened the book and loosed the seals thereof. He never told what happened to them when we hit them. Seven seal being uh being opened right down through the Bible. Watch what took place right in this seven sealed book that we're enter that we're enter now holds the whole mystery of the whole redemption blessing of God. All right, let's stop for a minute. A lot of words, but let's keep it simple. In this seven seal book that we're entering now holds the whole mystery of the whole redemption blessing of God. So in the seven seal book in the book holds the mystery of all the redemption blessings of God. Amen. In the book. But brother Brandham already told us in the church ages there's nothing in the book but names. But the whole mystery of the redemption blessings of God is in the book. But he said the only thing written in the book are names. Means the whole thing is about the names. Amen. The whole thing is about Christ. The whole thing is about God becoming material upon the earth and a family of God and fellowship one with another. That's what the whole book is about. That's the mystery that was sealed up in God from before the foundation of the world. That one desire, the one plan, the one thing he wanted to achieve. And all the Bible and everything written in it and every type and every character is all trying to declare what the mystery of this book is. Amen. Amen. And the whole mystery of the redemption blessing of God, remember, he is the lamb. He's the only one that redeemed it. And remember, it's sealed on the backside of the book, not written within. It's sealed on the backside. And it's not written within. And he was the only one was able to even open the book or to reveal the book or to reveal the seals. The only one that could do it. So this is one thing that we might squabble about this in here. So what brother's talking about is the seven thunders. Amen. which he calls the seals on the back side of the book. He says nothing's written about him. There's nothing written in here in the book because when he goes to the seven thunders in Revelations 10, seven thunders uttered their voice and John said, I was about to write, but the voice from heaven said unto me, write not the what the seven thunders uttered, but seal it up. So that's what brother Bam calls those other seals. What the what the seven thunders said, brother Bam said, we don't know, but we need to know. Amen. So he says, "You can squabble about what's in here, the words that are written in here." But those seals you can't squabble about. You can't argue about because there's nothing written at all. All we know is there was a sound. John heard the sound. John knew what the voice uttered because he was going to write what it said. But he was told not to to seal it up. That's the mysterious seals of the seven thunders. The seals on the back side of the book that nobody knew anything about or could even probe at. Yeah. And only the lamb can open those seals. Amen. Praise God. Are we enjoying the word? Listen, this isn't our first time through this, but every time through it is just as exciting as the first time. This is the day we live in. This is the manifestation of this hour. This is what God has opened for us in this day. Amen. And he did it to give us faith for rapturing grace. Amen. There was something that we needed more than any other age had because nobody came to the resurrection of the dead and the change of the body. But that's going to happen by faith. Amen. It's going to take faith to bring the resurrected saints. It's going to take faith to change our bodies. And God had to do something to unlock another measure of faith. Amen. So that we can move by faith into this manifestation. Amen. And that's what he did in the opening of the seals. We've been looking at it for 60 years. I've only been looking at it for 25, 26 years. Amen. But we've been looking at it because it's unfolding and unfolding and unfolding. Amen. Because it's building faith upon faith. Revelation. Brother Brandon said faith is a revelation. And the revelation is bringing faith. Amen. And so God is continually revealing this to us. So we could squabble about this in here. What about this? But he's the one that divinely interprets it. So we can squabble about but in in here the doctrines the loose ends brother talks about we can squabble about that but he's the one who indivinely interprets that. Amen. And he does it through a prophetic ministry in the end time. But on the backside here that's the seven thunders. There's no one can do it. It belongs to him and him alone. And he's the one that can reveal those seven mysteries out and watch how every bit of it is on redemption. How the church was redeemed and what will be the redeeming. So every bit of those seven that seven seal mystery, every bit of those un unveiling of the seals or the opening of the seals has to do with the church. Is that what he said? Amen. Every bit of his own redemption. how the church is redeemed and what will be the redeeming. It has to do with the church. So keep that in your mind as we move forward. These seals, the opening of the seals has to do with the redeeming of the church in the breach. He says, "And revealed as the seals break and are released to us, then we can see what this great plan of redemption is and when and how it's going to be done. It's all hidden in this book of mysteries here. It's sealed up with seven seals. And so the lamb is the only one who can break them. Now he says, "We realize now if you'd like to look in the scriptures, you can get over in Jeremiah and find out there when when he was going into captivity of the land, you know, he he uh bought his uncles his uncle's son and some property and he went through the ceiling. And if you if you took it, we got that also in the seven churches, them seals and so forth in there. So, brother Brandham starts uh pointing it starts in the breach and he goes even into the seals and he keeps pointing back to Jeremiah to this story in Jeremiah. And I've preached on this before and and it thrilled our souls. But I've been I've been looking at it over the last little bit. And as I look at it, all of a sudden, God starts to unlock a whole another understanding out of this story in Jeremiah to me. And it just absolutely thrilled my soul. I actually couldn't wait to get here this morning and tell you because we preached on it before where where where uh he goes in the seals and I took it through the seals through the breach and the first seal and he says in another seal he said, "Look at Jeremiah. Look at Jeremiah. Look at Jeremiah. And he keeps pointing to Jeremiah. So we go back and we look at Jeremiah. Amen. So let's look at the scripture here in Jeremiah. Jeremiah 32 and6. This is the story he's referring to. And Jeremiah said, "The word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Behold, Hanimal the son of Shalom, thine uncle, shall come unto thee, saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anithoth, for the right of redemption is thine to buy it." So this story is about redemption and a kinsman redeemer. Amen. Jeremiah now is the kinsman redeemer. He's playing the part of Christ. Yeah. He's going to redeem family land that was lost and he's the one with the right of redemption. And so he's going to pay the price of redemption. So Hannah, mine uncle's son, came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the Lord, and said unto me, by my field I pray thee that is in Anithoth, which is in the country of Benjamin, for the right of inheritance is thine, and the redemption is thine. So he Jeremiah has the right of inheritance. Yeah. And he's the one who can redeem it. Amen. That makes him the goel. That makes him the kinsman redeemer. Buy it for thyself. Then I know that this was the word of the Lord. And I bought the field of Hannah, my uncle's son, that was at Anithoth, and weighed him the money, even 17 shekels of silver. And I described the evidence and sealed it and took witness and weighed him the money in the balance. So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed according to the law and custom, and that which was open. And I gave the evidence of the purchase unto Baroo, the son of Niah, the son of Measaihile, my uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the book of the purchase before all the Jews that sat in the court of prison. And I charged Baroo before them, saying, "Thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed and this evidence which is open, and put them in an earthn vessel, that they may contain continue many days. For thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land." So this is the story that brother Brandon's referring to. And in this story, uh, God speaks to Jeremiah and tells him to redeem this land. And so now his kinsman comes to him and says, "We need you to redeem the land for it's your right to inherit. It's your right and position to redeem." So he he redeems it. Amen. He pays the price and he redeems it. And the the price and the purchase and the redemption was all recorded. Yeah. And there was a record that was open. of the redemption and there was a record that was sealed. Just like in the seals, there's a record that's open. It's open by the lamb and you can see a white horse went out and a red horse and a palace, but there's a record in the thunders that's sealed. You can't see what's in them because he was told to seal it up. Even Daniel was told, "Seal this up. Hey, the revelation will be sealed up to the time of the end." Yes. So now we have a open record and a sealed record that has to do with this book over in the book of Revelation. And brother Benham's telling us to look at Jeremiah to understand what's going on in Revelation. It has to do with redemption, the purchase price paid. Amen. The uh the open record and the sealed record. But then he says, "Then it was put in an earthn vessel." Amen. to keep because Jeremiah said, "Hey, hey, Jeremiah said,"For thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land." What's he saying? God had already told him, "You're going to be taken captive this land." Amen. Because they've turned from God is going to go into Babylonian captivity. Amen. But the very fact that you bought the land shows that it's coming back. Amen. The whole point of redemption is, hey, you may go into Babylonian captivity, but you're coming back to this place. And until until you come back to claim what is yours, it's going to be sealed in an earthn vessel. Amen. So that you can come back and claim what you paid for. Amen. So when we get into the seals, brother Bam saying, going to Jeremiah. Well, when we preached this before, we we labored on the open and closed record, the open and closed record, the the the seals, the symbol of the seals, and then the seven thunders. That's right. What was open, everybody could read, what nobody could read because it wasn't written. But then when I go back this time, I start looking at other things brother Brenham says and and I went back to Revelation chapter 5 part 1 and two which is what brother Brenham preached after he preached the revelation of Jesus Christ series. So in 1960 he preaches at the end of 1960 he preaches the revelation of Jesus Christ series finishing in 1961 and then he goes into Revelation chapter 4, Revelation chapter 5 and he stops because he's got to wait until the lamb can come and take the book. So he gets us to this part. And so when I went back and read what he said in Revelation chapter 5, it it just began to open. So I want to look at these names. If you see here, I've got highlighted in yellow and in green and in blue and in uh pink here, it's Hannah. Shalom is father, Anithoth is the land, Benjamin is where the inheritance is. And so when we look at these names, they all have to do with the story of redemption. Hene means God is gracious. Shalom means retribution or recompense. That means to restore everything that's lost. Anith anithoth the land is answered to prayer and Benjamin is son of the right hand which is Christ because he sits on the right hand of the throne of power. Amen. So all of this in the story even all the characters in the story are telling the story of redemption. Amen. Hamill comes to Jeremiah which is God is grace come and redeem. We need grace. We need somebody to pay a price of redemption. Amen. And it's the father's land which is recompense or restoration. Amen. Bringing it back. And the the land is the answer to prayer. Amen. And it's in the nation of Benjamin which is the son of the right hand. So it belongs to Benjamin which is Christ. Amen. Here in the story. And so all of this is playing together for this story of redemption. Now, so in in uh when we get into the seal series, the breach, the first seal, third seal, I think fourth seal too says, "Look at Jeremiah. Look at Jeremiah." So now we've looked at Jeremiah, but now I'm going to go back to Revelation chapter 5 when he preached on this most sublime thing in all of scripture. He says it this way. Now, when Jeremiah wrote this book was sealed, here's a good thing I want you to notice. All of you now that read it in the sealed book. Now remember, he was going to be gone. So Jeremiah was going to go away in this captivity. He had prophesied. Now he didn't know it only through prophecy. As you follow me, through prophecy, he knew through the revelation of God that there was going to be away from the country for 70 years. Remember him prophesying that he would be 70 years they'd be in captivity. So he wanted to be sure that this seal that this inheritance would be kept because he had an inheritance, his cousin's inheritance. So he had it all wrote up legally. And what did he do with it? So it would not rust. He put it in an earthly vessel and put it away so it wouldn't rot or rust until them 70 years was expired. Glory to God. I hope you could catch it. Do you see what God did? He never revealed it to the highs and the prudent so they could fuss about it for all this time. But he put it in an earthly vessel. And listen, listen what he says next. And he created himself his own son, Christ Jesus. And in this last day, now he's opening the seals and showing it to the church, kept in an earthly vessel, so it wouldn't rot or rust. Hallelujah. Oh, I know you think I'm a holy roller. Maybe I am. You see, but there it is. It's been kept wrapped in the vessel of the earth that was redeemed out of the earth. Come up on Easter morning where death seals could not hold him any longer. But he broke the seals and rose up proving himself in these last days that he is alive. He is he's in his church. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that's been hid from the seminaries. It's been hid from the organizations. And in his last days, he's revealing it by his own presence among his people. He's getting somebody that he can get the world out of them and things out of them, the churchian out of them so he can speak through them and reveal and open these seals like like this himself. So all of a sudden when I went back to this, I'm going to read you a few more. When I went back to this, I started to understand what was we see what the seal of the open record are. We see the price of redemption pay. Christ paid the price of redemption. Amen. The seals, amen, hold the mystery of it. Amen. The the seals, there's an open and closed record. We see the book in the book of Revelation. But brother Bam said, "Go to Jeremiah." And then he starts to labor on the fact that so this didn't get lost. So the revelation didn't get lost. He put it in an earthn vessel. And that earthn vessel is Jesus Christ. This mystery book is in Christ. It's in Jesus. But I thought the Bible said it's in the hand of the original owner. Listen, don't get too hard and fast on physical things. Let the revelation strike your mind because where is Jesus sitting on the right hand of the father? It's not a different person. It's not a different place. It's all one and the same. Amen. The book went back to the right hand which is authority and power because he alone controls this book. He's the one who gave it to Adam. And when Adam lost it, he took control over this book himself. He's in control of the book. Amen. And now he hid this book. He placed it in an earthn vessel so that in the Babylonian captivity of the church when they went into Catholicism and denominations and got led captive, the truth would not be lost because the truth of this book is in Jesus Christ. Amen. That's where he's kept it all this time in the earth and vessel. And this is what brother Bram's talking about by go to Jeremiah. Go to Jeremiah. Go to Jeremiah. That's why he's the only one that can open these seals because he is those seals. He is the mystery of the book. The book is writing of him. Amen. The book is in him. He's the one concealing it and holding it and guarding it until the right hour. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. You go on further this message says the seven and last one of these seals when they're open, he's found in in Revelation the chapter 10, there was a mighty angel. This is the seventh seal. The seventh and last one of these seals has everything to do with Revelations 10. Amen. this there was a mighty angel which was Christ come down and put one foot on the land one on the sea raises up his hand and says the day is finished time has run out it's all over time shall be no more and he said at the sounding of this at this time the mystery of God should be finished when God is who God is and how he was made manifest. So what's the mystery to be finished? who God is and how he's made manifest. That's what's in this book. Who God is and how he's made manifest. But brother Chad, you said, Brother Bam said only names are in the book. That's the only thing in the book. Amen. The mystery of who God is and how he's made manifest is hidden in this book. And the only thing in this book are the names of the Christ seed. who God is and how he was made manifest. How when that seal was opened, how we begin to understand now how that he was the son of God. He was God himself made flesh and the revelation of who he is that should be finished before this angel can put his feet upon the land and sea and swear that there'll be time no more. When this time comes, we're right in the front yard of it right now. He's in 1961. He finished the the church ages. He's getting ready to move into the seals. And he's standing in the breach in Revelation chapter 4 and chapter 5, which is the breach, the link between the two. And the link between the two, Amen, is Jesus Christ, the man. Amen. He says, "Now, now what's got to be revealed under this seventh seal, this last seal, this mystery, is who God is and how he was made manifest. and that he was the son of God and he was God himself made flesh. So what is this great mystery that's in this book? It's of God and how he's made manifest. Well, that mystery came forth in the son of God because Jesus Christ was God in the flesh. Amen. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ was declaring what was in the book. Amen. His very life was the contents of the book in an earthn vessel. Displaying to the world of what was in the back of God's mind. And where was the book? Because all that's in the book would be Christ. Brother V said and he said and that's the believer the words in the book. But the only thing in the book is names. The only thing in the book is people who would come forth. That's the contents of the book. But the contents of the book is the mystery of who God is and how he's going to be made manifest. But the only thing in the book are names. And here comes Jesus Christ, the fullness of this book made flesh. And in him is everything that's in the book. And where were you when brother Bam said, "Where were you when he went to Calvary?" I was in him then because I'm part of the book. And he was the manifestation of the book. And the book was put in flesh. And he was the flesh man displaying the contents of the book. And where was I? If I'm a word in the book and part of the word, I was there then in that vessel. Oh, this book. Now you know why brother talk about the seals. The opening of the seals. My Bible became a new book. Everything changed at the opening of the seals. It's the revelation. It's the mystery of God finished. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's not all the information that we think is the information. It's what's laying under the information is the revelation of God. Remember, I just want to explain this to you. If you take a book and you roll up the book like a scroll like brother Brandham described it, this book has information names. The book is a record of life. Yeah. Right. But around the book is a seal. The seal is not the book. The seal prevents you from seeing what's in the book. Right. That's right. So the opening of the seals unlocks what's under the seals, which is the content of the book. So it's not the information of the seals is the mystery. It's what the seals were hiding from us for seven church ages is what the mystery is. And the mystery is who God is and how he manifests himself on the earth. So when we open these seals, we've got we got interpretation of symbols. We've got information. We've got how the church has been moving down through time and how the antichrist spirit come in and and what did the antichrist spirit start to do? It started to keep the true revelation from the people by obscuring the word. Amen. Then what God would do, God would send an anointing of the Holy Ghost to combat that evil, to keep his people on the right path. But he never fully let the secret out till the end time. And what were the seals doing? The seals were actually keeping the revelation from the people, right? So the opening of the seals unlocked and unloosed the book. And when the book was loosed, I was loose cuz I was in the book. Not a seal, but the seal was hiding my true identity under denominationalism under the failure of the church, under the Catholic system, under Babylonian rule. But all this time, God had this book secure so it wouldn't rot cuz he paid the price before we went into Babylonian captivity. He paid the price before the church ages. He paid the price before the falling away. He paid the price before the 19th council because he is a prophet knows it's going to go in the 19 council. I've got to put this record. I got to show it in the book of John, but I got to seal this record up. And I sealed the contents up in an earthn vessel. Amen. So that we wouldn't lose the revelation. Listen, the earthn vessel isn't a hiding place that you dig a hole and you put in the ground like a treasure. The earth and vessel is Jesus Christ. It's Jesus Christ. That means since the beginning of the church dispensation of the bride, this mystery has been secure in Jesus Christ. Amen. What is the mystery? God becoming flesh. And for seven church ages, the mysteryy's been secure in Jesus. When you see Jesus, you see God's plan. It was safe in the flesh of Jesus Christ. The word made flesh. It wouldn't rot. It wouldn't rust. As long as God come and took on flesh before the falling away. Amen. This mysterious book was secure in him because in him was the revelation of that book. And it couldn't get lost as long as we knew God came in flesh. This isn't about information or a church or a system or this is about the great plan of God wanting to become a family upon the earth. says again in Revelation chapter 5, you love him with all your heart. You understand now what the sevensealed book was. What is it? We got it in a scroll now. And you just remember just in these last days I it was kept in an earthly vessel. You understand now who was that earthly vessel? Jesus Christ. No man had it. Nobody had it. It's only through him. It wasn't even written in the word. If it was written in the word, it was hid so that you couldn't even find it. That's right. So, it's in him that it's revealed. You get that? It's in him that it's revealed. And in that earthly vessel so it wouldn't rot or rust. Oh, praise God. Listen, before I read further, listen. Where was this book sealed and hidden? It was hidden in Jesus Christ. Yeah. But the Bible said it was in the right hand of him that sat on the throne. Brother Bram said, "Put on your spiritual jackets." Right? Put on your spiritual jackets. We're not looking at two people here, friends. Amen. And then he comes and he pulls back one to his church and said, "See, I'm the same yesterday, today, and forever. See, and now you've always wondered whether the poor sinner would burn for eternal. What's he talking about now? Whether the poor sinner would burn or he would just become annihilated after a million years. Here it is. That's how it was. There's no such a thing as eternal hell. Couldn't be eternal cuz hell wasn't with me when I began backyonder. I created it to punish the wicked. And what are you so scared about? See about Abraham's seed and all these different things. That's just the outline of it. See, but when you get into how God God opening up them seals and showing it come right on down, you see when you do, then you can't get away from this book. So, what's he saying? Brother Bam starts making statements that are are puzzling sometimes. They puzzled me for years. He talked about the things that were under laying under those seals. And he said, "Laying under those seals was serpent seed, Godhead, baptism, water baptism in Jesus' name, the correct teaching of water baptism, correct understanding of Godhead, who Christ was." And and Brother Bam says all that was laying under them seals. But when Brother Bam opened the seals, he started to explain what a white horse rider was and what happened in the church ages and how the Antichrist spirit moved in and how the church went off and how God was protecting his elect through the church. He he brother Brandham had been teaching serpent seed for decades before he opened the seals. He had been teaching the godhead before he opened the seals. He had been teaching water baptism in Jesus' name before he opened the seals. So he said that was the mystery laying under the seals. Has anybody else scratched their head? Because it wasn't like he opened the seals then he taught serpent seed. Yeah. He opened the seals then he taught God. He already taught it. But he said that mystery was laying under the seals. Oh friends, that means God was already before the opening of the seals letting out the secret that was in the book through a prophetic ministry for decades. He's already showing us serpent seed. What's serpent seed have to do with the book? Serpent seed has everything to do with the book because now you found out that I wasn't born in a hybrid. I was supposed to come another way. I'm a seed gene of God and my name is on the book and serpent seed is why I feel the way I do and I struggle the way I do and I have problems like I do and I'm all messed up cuz serpent seed is part of the mystery that's laying under the seals how you came wrong what you should have come like and where you were supposed to be where you come from where you going it's all locked up in serpent seed and the ministry of godhead amen and who Jesus Christ was so before he opened the seals he was letting the contents hidden under the seals Amen Yes. You mean if you open that book, it says serpent seed means XYZ. No. The only thing on the book are names. Amen. Serpent seed explains what happened to these names. Godhead teaches whose these names are. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. For years I've tried to correlate what what does he mean? serpent seed was under the seals. You go and read the seals and he doesn't teach the doctrine of serpent seed. He's already taught it. Amen. Because there was one mystery, one goal, one plan, one thing God wanted to achieve and he wanted to become a family upon this earth in fellowship with one another. And that's what he's redeeming back through a fe three-fold plan. He's bringing back the last Adam, Christ. Amen. And he brought him back. Now he's bringing back Christ's bride. Amen. To re reunite them together in harmony as one to restore back the Eden condition in a millennial reign. That's what redemption's all about. It's about the names in the book coming back to their place. What derailed it? What he did to fix it? What we're learning through it all. Amen. All that's happened and bringing it back to what was his original intention. Yes. That's the mystery under the book. Praise be to God. Listen, there's so we could dive into every avenue of this, spend weeks on all of this, but listen, the reality is this mystery, this book for 2,000 years was secure in Jesus Christ. Amen. What do you mean? Like, how did did he put it inside of him? And is there a trap door with a key? No. The very fact that he was God in flesh was holding the mystery secure cuz the mystery is God becoming flesh. Amen. So we could see it in Jesus Christ. Although through the churches get obscure. We weren't really sure second person, first person, all this. But we still, it was holding that truth so that the end time, he could take the veil off of the word so that we could see we're part of that truth, too. Praise God. Praise be to God. I'm so full of the matter. It's so real to me, friends. It's becoming more real every day. And the more real it becomes, the more simple it becomes. Amen. It's so simple, friends. We've made it so hard trying to add interpretations and understand things and make calculations and 2 plus 2 equals 4. Hey, listen. That's that's not how it works with God. How it works with God is I'll show it to you here and I'll show it to you here and I'll show it to you here and I'll show it to you here. And they're all different types and they're all different forms, but they're all telling you the same story. Yeah. But I thought it was an arc and I No, I thought it was a flood. And then I thought it was this and I thought it was that and I thought it was a book but I thought it was in Jesus. I thought it was the seals. I I thought I show it to you here and then I'll show it to you here and then I'll show it to you here. And I keep changing the way I show it to you and I use different symbols and I use different name and I use different way and it's in my right hand. No, it's in Jesus Christ. And amen. But I can't correlate. It's in his hand and it's in Jesus. I can't put those two together. No, listen. You misunderstand. He's not saying amen. It's got to be here. here. It's got to be there. He says, "I'm showing it to you here, and I'm showing it to you here, and I'm showing it to you here, and I'm showing it to you here, so that something will go off inside of you and say, "It's the same thing. It's all the same story. It's the same revelation. It's the same truth." That's why he said the seventh seal. Amen. He couldn't let it out. He couldn't tell it. No, it would do great damage. But he showed it in every type that's in the Bible. All the way back in the book of Genesis, this truth has been coming up these seals. [Music] Hallelujah. And we get confused because he said it's in his hand. No, he said there's only names in it. No, he said it's in Jesus. Well, the Bible says it's in his hand. Brother Brandham says it's he secured in the earth and vessel Jesus. I'll take what the Bible said, not what the prophet said. When you put the prophet in contradiction to the Bible, you have no idea who a prophet is and what God's doing. Amen. There's no contradiction. And he's showing it to you in another picture. The same thing in another picture. He's not contradicting the word. He's revealing the word cuz Jesus always revealed the word through symbols and types and parables. Oh, praise God. Praise be to God. This is why brother Ramy gets done with the seals. He said, "My Bible became a new book. Oh, the glorious thing. Oh, to know these things in this end time, friends." Amen. Praise God. He says in the breach now the whole thing here the seven seals got the mystery of God from the foundation of the world all sealed up in there and revealed by seven different seals that if God willing, let us pull back those seals and look down through the book and find out what it's all been about. I hope we have a great time. Brother Bim says those seals sealed up the entire Bible. When those seals open, it opened up the entire Bible. But I thought the only thing sealed was this scroll with names in it. That's what he's been showing in the Bible. His coming, his plan, his desire. It's the same thing. Yes. What's difference between the Bible and the seven scroll book? Nothing. Oh, this he shows it in stories and allegorories and lives of his children. But it's the same thing. It's the mystery of his coming. It's the mystery of God. It's been sealed up. We could read it, but we didn't understand what it was all about. We didn't know what the story of Esther was about. We didn't know what story of Ruth was about. We didn't know what all these things were actually about. Yeah. Right. But at the opening of the seals, all of a sudden, he took the veil off the Bible. And we could go back. We could see that there was going to be uh uh that there had to become a mighty prophet. We could see, amen, that there was going to be a restoration. We can see there's going to be a redemption. Amen. But what so many missed is that redemption was God himself coming down and taking on flesh and paying the price of redemption himself. It was him made flesh. And then part of him was a bride because that's what he declared when he made the first masterpiece family in the Garden of Eden. He already foreshwn everything he's going to do at the end. So now everybody saw Christ coming and some believed it was God and some believed it was part of God or some other apparition. Amen. But the true revelation is this was God and all that God was he poured into Christ and he was God. Amen. He was the express image of God. He was declaring God. He was declaring the mystery of God. He was declaring the desire of God. He was declaring the plan of God. Amen. But in him was another expression too, which would be a bride because there had to be a restoration to what was fallen in Eden. And that was the mystery that got lost in the church ages. But that mystery was safe in the earthn vessel. The last Adam. If there's a last Adam, there's got to be a last bride, wife, part of Adam. So it wouldn't get lost when the church went into Babylon. He put it in an earthn vessel and secured the revelation until she comes back out of Babylon. When did Jeremiah pay the price? Before it went to Babylon. When did they claim the inheritance? After they returned. Amen. That's why this is the claiming ministry. Now, he's come down to claim his bride, which is you and I. Amen. After we've come out of Babylon, let's go on and read this. I don't even know where I'm at in this. And the whole thing here, the seven seals, got the mystery of God from the foundation of the world all sealed up in there and revealed by seven different seals. If God willing, let us pull back those seals and look down through the book and find out what it's all about. I hope we have a great time there. The mystery of redemption is sealed until the book could not be broken until the last angel's message. The scrolls there. We know it was there. We know that it was redemption. We believed it was redemption. Jeremiah said, "This scroll must be kept." As you read it there, he'd say, "It must be kept in earthly vessel." See, oh, what a beautiful thing there. I could talk about a while. The scroll was kept in an earthly vessel. a vessel that once became flesh. Glory. Died, rose again, and kept in the earthly vessel until the time of purchase. Oh my, beautiful. All right. Now, these messages are all kept up into this earthly vessel until the time of God's appointed time at the last messenger of the earth. Oh, praise God. The first seal, he says, "Did you get to study in Jeremiah?" He keeps wanting to point us to Jeremiah how he wrote that. Many of you taking it down last night. how them seals were wrote and placed away for keeping until he returned after the 70 years of captivity. He was to return back and claimed his possession. That's where we're at right now. This is the claiming ministry. He's claiming what he died for, what he paid for. And now at the end of the church ages, there's a return out of Babylonian denominational wrong understanding. That's what the opening of the seals is all about. It's taking away the thing that hindered us from seeing the revelation. And the thing that hindered us was that Antichrist spirit through the seven church ages. And at the end of time, he's taking the seals off to explain what happened, what went wrong, what he's been doing, so that we could get to the real mystery. And the real mystery is she is him. Amen. Hallelujah. That's the real mystery that was laying under the seals. Listen, I just want to say this again. The mystery is in the book. The seal is on the book to keep the book from being seen. Amen. Do you understand? So when we take the seals off the book, which has everything to do with the church ages and the confusion and the spirits and the two spirits, the two vines, how Satan was working, how God was combating, how he redeemed the Jews, how he would redeem the foolish virgin, and how all these things would happen. It was all wrapped around here. But when he peeled that off, now we could finally see into the book again. So the mystery of the book is not the interpretation of the seals. It's what the seals have been hiding from us. Amen. And the seals have been hiding from us our true identity. It's not a church. It's a bride. It's not a system. It's not an idea. It's not a following a rule. It's not any of that. It's Jesus Christ himself becoming his own bride. Amen. God manifest on the earth. God becoming a family. God unifying back what fell in Eden. That's what the mysteryy's been in the book. He returned back to claim his possession. I certainly like to study it. There's no way to express it all because it's an eternal word. It's an eternal book. It's a book that transcends language. It's a ch it's a book. It's a book that goes beyond the symbols of the book. It's deeper than the symbols. It's deeper. It's the mystery of God. And his presence said, "But when on the back of the book is sealed with seven seals, Daniel heard the voice of the thunders and was forbidden to write it." John was forbidden to write it, but it was sealed on the backside of the book that it was after all the mysteries of the book has been given out and revealed. Now, notice Daniel said there, the mystery in the days of these voices, the mystery of God should be unfolded at that time. See the mystery, who God is, what's the mystery that's be unfolded? Who God is, how he was made flesh, all these things should be unfolded by that time. What's really laying under the seals, who God is, and how he was made flesh. Amen. Amen. And we're ready for the seven seals on the back side of the book. that's not even revealed to men, not even wrote in the Bible, but they'll have to be just exactly compared with the rest of the Bible. And I think it'll be a great thing. And in the message, is this the sign of the end? So, he said, "The seventh angel, Revelation 10:7, is the seventh church age messenger." See, now watch. In the days, now what? In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. Revelation 10:7. The mystery of God. The mystery of God. Amen. All mysteries unlock this mystery. But this is the mystery of the book. Are there mysteries? Yes. But the mysteries all have to do with this mystery. What is the mystery of serpent seed? The mystery of serpent seed has everything to do with this mystery. Amen. Now, sounding forth this messenger, the seventh angel here is sounding forth his message to the Leodysian church. Notice his type of message. It wasn't to the first angel. Wasn't given that second angel, third, fourth, fifth, sixth. But it is the seventh angel that had this type of message. What was it? Notice his type of message finishing all the mysteries of God that are written in the book. The seventh angel is winding up all the mysteries that's laying loose ended all out through these organizations and denominations. The seventh angel gathers them up and finishes the entire mystery. That's what the Bible said finishes the mystery of the written book. What is the mystery of this book? The seventh seal. The coming of the Lord. God becoming flesh upon the earth. Amen. God let it strike our hearts deeper and deeper and deeper. Amen. Souls that are in prison now. He says, "But one day he rose from there, come forth. Where was the book at?" It was still in the abstract owner, God Almighty. And John looked around and he wept because there was no man even worthy to look on the book and especially open the seals to reveal what the hidden mystery was. The mystery was in the seven seals. When these seven seals was opened, that opened up the entire Bible. The seven seals, it was sealed with seven mysteries. And these seven seals held the entire mystery of it. And it was the book of redemption, New Testament. Did you read what I read? Not the old and only proclaimed for the new. Does anybody else read things like that and be like, I don't know what he's talking about cuz I thought it was the whole book. And now he's saying it's not the old, it's just the New Testament. That's this book is the New Testament. And all of a sudden, you know, we got a conundr because because now we've got to solve out what he's talking about. He's been saying the whole book, my Bible became a new book. He goes back and he's teaching of the Old Testament, but he says this book of redemption is the New Testament. Oh, let's put on our spiritual jackets. Listen. He says, "And he that is in you," now there it is scientifically proved that it is the truth. So therefore, we don't worry about whether it's truth. both scientific and spiritual. What was said come to pass. So the message of the seven seals in their closing, that's the message of the entire Bible. I thought he just said it was New Testament. Did the prophet make a mistake? Don't raise your hand if you believe he made a mistake, but I don't believe he made any mistake. He knows what he's talking about. We may not understand what he's talking about, but he knows exactly. He's seen it. He's watched it unfold. He knows exactly what the mystery is and he knows what he's talking about. It unlocked the message of the entire Bible. The seven seals closes the New Testament and sealed it up. So what did the seven seals do? It closed the New Testament and sealed it up. Feast of trumpets, he says this is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ and the and he pats his Bible. to the whole Bible and the seven seals had the mystery hid of what it all was and is supposed to open it in the last day at the Leodysian age at the end of time. Thanks be to God. That finishes the message to the church. That finishes it when they look back and see what was has been and see where it's all all brought up to that finishes it. The age of the church. So let me just if I could just talk about this for a minute. Brother Bam says this book of redemption, the New Testament. Then he says it's the mystery of the entire Bible. But he says it's not the old. The old only declared for the new. Remember when we look at these seals, white horse rider, red horse rider, black horse rider, pale horse rider, has everything to do with the New Testament church. Souls under the altar. Amen. White robes given to the Jews from the time of Christ on. Brother Brenham said, not before Christ. Yeah. The fifth seal is about the Jews from the time of Christ on. And then the tribulation period, the sixth seal. These seals don't have anything to do with the Old Testament. They're all about the New Testament church. Okay? Remember Jeremiah? Jeremiah came at the time redemption price needed to be paid. And Jeremiah paid the price of redemption and recorded it in a book and sealed it in an earthn vessel because he knew by prophecy that this church is going into Babylon. But when they come out, I've already secured them. I already paid the price of redemption at Calvary. And now after we come out of Babylon, I'm going to lay claim to what's mine. Y that's what brother Brandham's talking about. The Old Testament is bridegroom. The New Testament is bride. That Jesus Christ come as the fullness of the word. Every prophet, all the Psalms, everything that was written was all written of him. The New Testament hadn't been written yet. He come as the fullness of the word. Amen. He came to fulfill. He was the capping off of all prophets. He was the finishing of all prophecy. He was the fullness of God made flesh. And in him was his New Testament bride. And out of him came the New Testament. He had already secured the Old Testament. That's why when he resurrected, they all resurrected with him. But now his bride is going to come forth in manifestation. And that bride now is going to fall into Babylon. And these seals have everything to do in this book has everything to do with what happens to the bride and the redemption of the bride and the restoration after we come out of Babylon because he already paid for it. But there's going to come a time when we come out of the church denominational system and come back to the true and living word. Come back to the the answer to prayer. Come back to the the land of the son of the right hand. Come back to our inheritance. And he's going to be able to claim it cuz he paid it. already paid for it. Now he's going to claim it at the end of time. And this mystery's been hiding in him because he's the word made flesh. And that's the mystery of the book. The mystery of the book is God made flesh and a man upon the earth. Amen. And so what we couldn't understand, what was hid from us by the seals was the fact that we also were the word made flesh on the earth. And what causes to be blind to it? Denominational teaching. Amen. That's why he says not the Old Testament. This is the New Testament. And the seals have everything to do with the New Testament. that sealed away from this bride her true identity and her inheritance and who she really is. But at the end of time, God would send a prophet and Christ himself would take the book. Yes. Amen. It doesn't mean, listen, it doesn't mean it's only the bride, but this is the part he's redeeming now. This is the part he's dealing with now. This is the part he's unifying himself to to do what? to bring back everything that was lost, to bring back the family of God back upon the earth again in the millennial reign and beyond that to the new heavens and the new earth. Oh friends, I don't know where I'm at anymore, but I know I'm in a happy place. Praise be to God. Yeah. Let's go a little further. I don't know where I'm at. Let me go. Let me just read this to you. Says, "The seven sealed book is revealed at the time of the seven thunders of Revelation 10. Is the seven seal book revealed? It's been revealed to me because I heard those thunder sounding. Brother says, "Now the seven seals holds the mystery of the book." I hope you can catch that now. The seven seals holds the mystery of the book. We can see what those seven seals. Until we can see what those seven seals has sealed in, we're only presuming them things. So remember, the mystery is in the book and the seals have been holding it in. But when the seals are loosed, now the book is loosed and now the mystery that's laying under the seals is loosed. I hope you see it, friends. Amen. I hope it's becoming clear. Amen. All right. All right. I don't want to get into that yet. Let's go to Revelation. I'm going to go over here to Revelation chapter 10 verse 8. After the opening of the seals, the sounding of the thunders, the ministry of the seventh angel, we come to Revelation 10:8. And I want to finish with this for tonight. We'll go further maybe on Wednesday. Revelation 10:8. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. And I went unto the angel and said unto him, "Give me the little book." And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." Let's go back to our book. This is the book that was in the hand right hand of him that sat on the throne. But it was also the book that was inside the earth and vessel. Do we agree it was in both places simultaneously? Because these are spiritual truths, not physical locations. Amen. See the thing that limits us is this sight and these ears and this brain. Amen. You know what we think is seeing is not seeing. When brother Brennon went beyond the curtain of time into the sixth dimension, he could see just fine. There was no light bulb, no sunshine, no light that we have here on earth. To us, that realm is darkness. To him, it was all light. So if it didn't have any natural light, what we call natural light, then that means he didn't use natural eyes, what we call natural eyes. So seeing is not seeing. Hearing is not hearing. Amen. There's more hearing. And there's more seeing. Yes. Than what we understand. We are limited in our flesh. But we are not limited in revelation. Amen. God. So here we see this book that's been in an earthn vessel. It's been in Jesus Christ. Why did he put it in Jesus Christ? So that it would stay secure. So that the revelation would not get lost. Amen. So it would not corrupt and wouldn't rust in the Exodus from the promised land. Because this mystery is God made flesh. So Jesus Christ is God made flesh. That's why the book is in him. Not something inside of him. But he is the manifestation of the contents of the book. The word made flesh. Yes. So then no man can touch this book. No man can look upon the book because it's sealed. No man, only the worthy one. And Christ steps forward because he paid the price of redemption for this book. Now he's going to lay claim to the book. And now he takes and he opens the seals all the book. And he comes down as the mighty angel in Revelation chapter 10. Now he's got an open book in his hand. Not a sealed book anymore. Now the mysteryy's been unveiled. Now it's open. Now, now a voice now comes to John, which John's a type of the bride. And a voice comes to John and says, "Go to the angel and take the book. Take it. Take it and eat it up." Amen. This is the book nobody could touch. Yeah. Nobody could look at, nobody could read. This was the book that Adam lost. No man could have it. This is the one that's been hiding in the flesh of Jesus Christ for safekeeping. And now at the opening of the seals under a seventh church age messenger when the mystery of God's finished, now the seals have come off the book. Now the book has come back to earth. Where does the mighty angel put his feet? Amen. Brother Brandham said the seventh angels on earth at the time of this coming. He came and brought what did he bring back? He didn't bring back a piece of paper, friends. But he come back and he's told to take the book and eat it up. Amen. Do you see how complicated the book of Revelation is? If we're looking for some physical thing in a physical location cuz if we're looking for a physical thing, if we're looking for a list of names that are wrote down and and then on the day of judgment, brother Benham said at the white throne judgment, that book will be opened and the names were read off. How's he going to open the book and read the names? John ate it. Where's the book? The Bible says John took the book and he ate it up and in his in his mouth it was sweet as honey, but in his belly it was bitter. Amen. How is God going to take that same book and open it at the white throne judgment and start reading all the names of it? Check. Bob. Check. Susie. Check. Harry. Check. Where's the book? The book was inside. Amen. God made flesh in Jesus Christ. Now, at the opening of the seals, he comes to John who represents the church and says, "Now, I'm going to take the book back to earth and I'm going to put the book in another earthn vessel. And that other vessel is my many membered body, my bride. And now the book is secure in the bride. What is that book? It's the mystery of God that was in the back part of his mind. What God wanted to achieve in all the Bible that he wanted to become a family on the earth in fellowship together in harmony and in love and in fellowship. And now that book with all the names and all the contents and everything else is in a many member body. We've ate the book. The book's in us. How is the book? You realize you can't read the book of Revelation like a textbook. You can't read it like a newspaper. Cuz if so, what book is at the White Throne Judgment? Amen. That doesn't mean there'll be no record. That doesn't mean there's nothing. But that's not what this book is. Amen. This book is the mystery of God. And now the mystery of God is in the bride. Brother said, "The word is in the bride and the mind of Christ that he knows what done with it." And now he says in verse 11 of chapter 8, he says, "Now thou must prophesy again." What are we prophesying again? Prophesy again. I've got to go pray for hours and hours till I get prophecy. I've got to do I got to tell future event. No, no, no. prophesy again what's already been prophesied. You're telling what the contents of the book is all about. The mysteries have come off. The seals have come off. The denominational barrier has been removed from the book so that we can see what the book is really. It's God becoming flesh upon the earth. And now we're to prophesy that again. And all the mysteries that were under the seals. What mysteries were there under the seals? serpency, godhead, water baptism, eternal security, predestination, salvation, all of that was laying under the seals, not written down on pieces of paper, but the truth that has everything to do with this manifestation of God. Amen. And now we are to prophesy again. Turn with me to one last scripture and I'm going to finish here because if I go one step further, we'll go an hour further and I don't want to do that. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. 2 Corinthians chapter 4 verse three. Paul says, "But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. and whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God should shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For God has commanded the light to shine out of darkness has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. But we have this treasure in earth and vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. Amen. This treasure of the knowledge of God in the face of Jesus Christ. What does that mean? That I know God because God became flesh. Amen. Now the knowledge of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Now we have this treasure in earthn vessels that the glory may be of God and not of us. Amen. The question is where's the book? It's a good question. If we go to traditional theological seminary study of the Bible, we got a problem because somebody ate the book and John ate the book and John departed this world. If we make everything physical, not symbolic, but physical, then the book was eaten and is gone. It's in John. Yeah. But if we make it symbolic and realize this book is always the mystery that was in God's mind. And this mystery that was in God's mind was in the flesh of Jesus Christ. He paid the price of redemption and held this mystery safe in his flesh. The revelation of God until he could redeem his bride. And then he would peel the seals off of the book that kept her from seeing the truth. Amen. And now she would see whatever he is. I am too. Yes, sir. Where he come from, I come from. Where he goes, I goes. What he is, I am. And she ate the book. And this bride is prophesying again. May God bless you. Let's stand together. I don't want to go any further. Amen. I'm still so full, friends. There's so much that we want to share. But but let God just take these truths and drive them deep into our soul. May they become the thing we feed on the thing we see. May we see Listen, when brother Brandham knew what time he was in the end time age, the opening of the seals, it indicated that everything that he had been teaching was true. It was the vindication of serpent seed being true. It was the vindication of the one God being it vindicated everything he was teaching that he was showing these mysteries are the truth. Mhm. And when he realized what it was, Amen. It changed. He said, "My Bible became a new book to me." Amen. The seals are taken off. The mystery is revealed. And now we can see Christ and his bride coming all the way through the Bible. I see my position now. I see who I am. I see who he's always wanted me to be. And now, what is the bride's ministry? To prophesy again. We're not here to preach what made it obscure. We're not here to preach denominationalism. And we're not here to preach man's ideas. We're here to preach this revelation of the mystery of God. Amenise because his word is in his bride and the mind of Christ that he wants that knows what he wants done within. Amen. I'm so How many of you feel so overwhelmingly privileged just to see these things? Overwhelmingly privileged. that God has taken the veil off and the mystery is gone and we're not confused about a physical book and a physical place and how can it be here and there and what is it and where is it? It's the revelation of God. The mystery of God made known to us. Listen, it's not a mystery anymore. It's a revelation to us now that he told us what it was, what it's always been, and what he always wanted. And now that book is in us. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we thank you Lord Jesus for all you give. God, this hour that we live in, Lord, to us sometimes it's overwhelming. God, the claiming ministry where you claim what you purchased 2,000 years ago, you're claiming your body to live in again, a many membered body to dwell in. For you are the book. You are the message. All the contents of the book is you. We haven't eaten pieces of paper. We've been feeding on the true revelation of the word. What was hidden in your mind and obscure from view for so many years. You revealed it when you came in flesh as a son of God. You showed what had been laying in your mind what your great desire was. And Lord, then you brought forth from yourself, from your son, a bride to redeem back and restore back what was lost in Eden. But that bride fell and got tangled up with misunderstanding. And the seals hid the true revelation. But Lord, here in the end time, you sent a prophet to peel those seals off so that we could see. You gave us the eyes, Lord, and you showed us who we really are. God, help us to feed on this revelation, to receive you, Lord, to receive, Lord, this book, to eat it, to feed on it, to become one with it, to let our lives now be the hiding place, the guarding place, the security for the revelation of that book. May we give our flesh completely to you. May we give every desire to you, every want, Lord. Every thing that would hinder, may we lay it down at your feet so that you can have this vessel to display your book. God, may you live in each one of us, Lord, more than ever before. And may we be more yielded than we've ever been. For God, we understand our purpose better than we've ever understood it before. And may it bring real changes in our life, Lord. this real purpose that we're here on earth for to display the contents of this book. May it override every other fleshly desire and every other carnal thing in our life. May this be the thing we strive for more than anything, Lord. May this be the life we yield to, the thing that we surrender to, the thing that takes preeminence among us more than anything else, that you might have your way in us. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Bless your people. Bless us. Keep opening your word for us, Lord, that we might see. Rub that ISAV in our eyes all over again that we can see clearer than we've seen before. For we love you and we ask your blessing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Oh friends, I'm so thankful that there was a cry that said, "Go to the mighty angel and take the book and eat it up." This is the marriage union. This is the invisible union when you go to Christ and you receive the true revelation from him. And when you receive that, it becomes part of you. You feed on it. You become one with it. And when you become one with this revelation, what comes out of you is the prophesy again. What comes out of you is Christ the word for our day. Oh, I'm so glad God's given us an opportunity to feed on this mysterious book so that the book can be hid once again in a vessel of clay. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Thank you. You open the seals of my life. Now I know who I am. You broke the seals of my life. life. Now I know where I come from. You open the seals of my life. Now I know where I'm going. I'm going home. I'm going home. My Bible became a new book. Every chapter present your mysteries have been revealed to me in such simplicity. How grateful I am. Will I thank you Lord? Your word is so good to me. More than life to me. It has [Music] become my reality. Will I see Christ in every verse, every line? Praise the Lord. We are one. You open. You open the seals of my life. Now I know who I am. You broke the seals of my life. And now I know where I come from. You open the seals of my life. And now I know where I'm going. I'm going home. I'm going home. I see the seals of my life in every story while I read my name along with yours. You tell me over and over how much you love me and all the [Applause] plans you have for me. [Music] And you explained to me my strange and mysterious life. Everything became clear once you opened the se. And now I understand. Now I know I have always been a part of you. You open You open the seals of my life. Now I know who I am. You broke the seals of my life. Now I know where I come from. You open the seals of my life. Now I know where I'm going. I'm going home. I'm going home. Your word. Your word is so good to me. More than life to me, it has become my reality. Will I see Christ in every verse, every line? Praise the Lord. We are one. Will you explain to me? Will you explain to me my strange and mysterious life? Everything became clear when you opened the se. And now I understand. Now I know I have always been a part of you. You open the seals. You open the seals of my life. Now I know who I am. You broke the seals of my life. Now I know where I come from. You open the seals of my life. Now I know where I'm going. I'm going home. Going home. He's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who pardoned the raging red sea. He's the same God who's living in me. Verse one. Will I look back in history? I see a mighty God unveiled, proving over and over that his word will never fail. But I'm not just dwelling on a pasty. He's the same God and he's living in [Music] [Applause] me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who parted the raing red sea. Jesus in God's living in me. Verse two. Will the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. He came back living in Jesus. And there was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that he's the same God and he's living in me. will the same God who spoke to the woman at the whale. He is the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The sing God who parted the raing red see he's the same God and he's living in me once more. He's the same God who spoke to the woman and the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. And he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] We are the generation. We are the commenation. The final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the [Music] revelation, overcoming sins, temptation. Truth will go to every tongue and [Music] nation. We are the chosen generation. We're living in evening time. The race is almost through. But God has chosen you and me. There's still a job to do. [Music] The word that's been revealed to us must be prophesied again. And the message must reach everywhere till the last soul has come in. We are the generation. We are themination. The final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. [Music] overcoming sins, temptation. Truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation, committed to the calling. Together we stand strong. Lifting up our voice as one. We sing the final song. God has chosen us to conquer in every test we face. And he has seen us through this world and will finish by his [Music] [Applause] [Music] grace. We are the generation. We are the culmination. The final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming since temptation. Truth will go to every tongue and nation. [Music] We are the chosen generation. We're living We're living in the evening time. The race is almost through. But God has chosen you and me. There's still a job to do. The word that's been revealed to us must be prophesied again. And the message must reach everywhere till the last soul has come in. We are the generation. We are the combination. The final horse the world. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation, overcoming sins, temptation. Truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation.
