################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 250406 - Chris Take: When the Lord Asks, How Far Will You Go - Chris Take - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   250406 - Chris Take: When the Lord Asks, How Far Will You Go
Speaker: Chris Take
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic6xyIjAywE
========================================

Something in my heart, like a stream running down. It makes me feel so happy, as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me, gives me something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Well, there's something in my heart like a stream running down. It makes me feel so happy. As happy as can be when I think of Jesus and what he's done for me. Gives me something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. The word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Well, the word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Once more. The word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Amen. It's good to be here this morning. Looking forward to brother Chris preaching this morning. Uh, let's sing that song, manifesting time. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Whail the voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him sing. Arise my love, my fair one. Come [Music] away. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are of the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to kept God's chosen bride. Redemption draw is not. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain. Well the grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine for the vineyard blossoms forth for harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one coming in plain [Music] view. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruit in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming and playing you. Well, in the cloud of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day break and the shadows flee away. In that mountain place, a sweet smell coming through. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Oh, to count God's chosen bride. Redemption drawing nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. Verse two. Oh, the grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine for the vineyard blossoms forth her harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you. Just see that lovely one. He's coming and blame you. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and a lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption drawth none. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. He's that lovely one. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain you. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with the grateful. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. [Music] And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks and give thanks with a grateful heart. Oh, give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now and now. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done. [Music] for us. Give thanks. Oh, how I long to be in love with you till all the world just fades. All of you with deep calling to the deep inside is my heart's [Applause] cry. To have the word made manifest in me, living pure and holy unto thee. This longing in my heart. Only you can sisy. How I long. Oh, how I long to be in love with you. Till all the world just fades from you. A deep calling to the deep. Birding inside is my heart's cry. To have the word made manifest in me, living pure and holy unto thee. this longing in my heart that only you can satisfy. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Aren't you so thankful to know the Lord? Amen. I just you just love him so much for all he's done. Yes. But for who he is. who he is to me and who he is to that personal walk. I just he's so so good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Bring greetings from brother Nathaniel Saias, pastor now since we've moved here. Uh we're only a couple hours away now and so happy to be east of the Mississippi. So also brother Chad told me he called me earlier said to give each one of you his greetings and my wife and I were chuckling about it. the full circle because we used to go to brother Ron Peterson's uh the LA's here. We used to go with them as well. So full circle now. He's there ministering and we're over here helping him out. So amen. It's good to be here. Thank you musicians. Brother Blake. Appreciate that. If you have your Bibles this morning and you want to turn with me to First Kings chapter 17, appreciate all of the hospitality. The Sanders there taking good care of us as usual. And uh you know this is one of the places we come to minister where we feel um we leave more refreshed than we came even though we're working for the Lord. You know we we just feel very spoiled and and uh so thank you. It's nice to have those places when you travel and preach that refresh you. Well, amen. First Kings chapter 17, and we're going to read verse one to verse 16. And I I tried to I tried to where I could shorten the readings, but we're going to have a few different uh lengthy readings, but that's okay. We love the word, right? Amen. I knew you'd say amen. How how are you not going to say amen? Praise the Lord. First Kings chapter 17 and verse one. And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be due nor rain these years, but according to my word." And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan, and it shall be that thou shalt drink of the brook, and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there." So he went and did according unto the word of the Lord. For he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan. And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening, and he drank of the brook. And it came to pass after a while that the brook dried up, because there had been no rain in the land. And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Arise, get thee thee to Zerapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee. So he arose and went to Zerapath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks. And he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water and a vessel that I may drink." And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray, thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruise, and behold, I am gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it and die." And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, but make thereof a little cake, sorry, make but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and for thy son. For thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah. And she and he and her house did eat many days. And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruise of oil fail according to the word of the Lord which he spake by Elijah. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for your presence this morning, for being with us, Lord. Sometimes it's hard to put into words, Lord Jesus, just how amazing it is, Father, to be a part of the kingdom of God. Lord, truly a blessing, truly a a just a vision of glory before us, Lord Jesus, as as we walk this path, Lord, we have an eternal destination, Lord Jesus. And Father, we the relationship that we have with you grows sweeter as the days go by, Lord. And I just pray that you would lift us this morning up into the heavenlies, Lord, that we would put aside, Father, how we feel in our bodies, Lord Jesus. Maybe there be those among us who are not feeling well. May you touch them and lift each one of us, Lord, tiredness or soreness or stress of life. May we step up, Lord, into that other dimension, Father, that you could come and minister to us, Lord. Father, like Elijah out there, Father, that you would come and bring the word, bring the bread, Lord, and minister to us, Father. Though though the world may be in the condition that it it it is in, Lord, we have stepped aside and we ask you to speak to us. We commit all things into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. I'd like to speak uh on when the Lord asks, how far will you go? When the Lord asks, how far will you go? You know, we can say in in in wonderful, beautiful moments like sitting in church where we're all feeling very fresh and happy, we say yes all the way. Yeah, but he doesn't ask us a lot of times in those times. He asks us when we have a little bit of meal left and a little cruise of oil. So the widow woman, she's there and it's not it's not her fault that there's a famine in the land. Um, brother man actually says here in enticing spirits, "What about Elijah when he came when he come down off of Mount Carmel, been up there for a long time and he met a poor widow woman. She was an alien, a gentile, and when he met her down there, she was picking up some sticks in the yard and God told him, "Go down there to that widow's house. What a place for the preacher to go." So, she was not even a Jew. She was a Gentile. So she's in this position and and not of her own doing, but the Lord was dealing with her heart and with the same question, how far will you go? So the prophet comes to her and he and he says, "Go make me a cake first and then there'll be food for you and your son." So she only had enough for one meal. Yeah. Barely enough. And he said, he said, "Put it all into one cake and give it to me." and and the the it's hard for us sometimes to wrap our heads around what God will ask us to do because we call it foolishness but God calls it faith it's God's word what what man calls wise God calls foolish and what God calls wise man calls foolish so there's something about us in our journey that where we walk and this is kind of what I by God's grace I want to bring you to where we have to realize that we don't do things according to the rules of this earth. We live our lives according to the rules of the universe which is the spoken word of God. Amen. Don't forget that the world can pervert but it is the spoken word of God and he's promised it cannot return to him void. So the world will be resurrected one day and we'll get to walk on in the millennium. But the rules of the universe God set in place. But the rules of the of the earth of the rules of man, man's wisdom that man has said this is how you get success. This is how you you this is how you survive. This is how you live. Th this is life. Their definitions you God now comes with the word and he asks a widow woman to do something there where the world would say that wasn't very nice. That was not very kind. How how could you do that? Somebody need to be helping this woman. And here the word comes to her and says give me the last cake. And the and the word looks on and says that man is arrogant. So you have you have the widow woman dealing with the position of this is my last meal and you have the prophet dealing with how could I ask her for that? See any anytime God asks the Lord asks us how far will you go? It's going to cost you everything. But he wants to know. There's a couple of reasons he wants to know. He wants you to know how far you can go in your walk with him to give you confidence in him. And he also wants to know how far will you go? He wants to know what is the character that is within my child within my son. I have I have a great responsibility I want to give to them. I have something I want them to do. I need to know how far will you go? The widow woman went all the way and God provided everything she had need of for that season in Hebrews chapter 2. 1957. It's the sermon, not the chapter. And the barrel never went empty on the or the cruise dry until God sent rain on the earth. She put God before her children. She put God before anything else. She taken the kingdom of God first. God must have first place in your heart, first place in your life, first place in everything that you do or what you are. God must be first. He doesn't want the second place. He doesn't deserve the second place. He deserves the best and the first and all that we've got. He deserves it. So, he deserves the best place. and and and I really want you to step into this this thought with me, this perspective with me, because y'all are sitting there saying, "Amen. Praise God." But you've been there where you're standing there like, "I can't I mean, how much further can I go? I mean, the you know, it could be the the tank's empty, the bank account's empty, or it could be physically, mentally." That's a big one today, mentally. I mean, that's a devil's battleground, right? And the world has tapped into that. So, what do you want? It's it's a buffet of mental illness support in the world today. What do you want? Look, all you need is God. See, the Holy Spirit in your life to train you and to teach you how to overcome. So, put yourself in that shoes. Put yourself in her shoes. She's there. She She All she has left is is a little bit of food. I mean, I I don't know that we all have different stories and backgrounds where we come from, but not very often in the day that we live in here in America have we experienced that where we literally had nothing left in the cupboards. Not even a scratch. You know, there's always some kind of, you know, some boxed something. We've been voided as long as possible. It's like, well, I guess we'll eat that now, right? There there's there's stuff like that. But to to have to to be called to the point of having to give up all that she had. It wasn't just that that now she can't eat or she doesn't have food, but her son is there dying and the Lord is asking her to hinge her child's future on this man who just walked out of the wilderness with a word she not yet heard before. This is not something that happened. This wasn't a tradition. This wasn't, you know, okay, well, that's time of year, you know, all the the older men go to the widows and ask for a cake. That's what we do every year. that that's not what it was. I mean, no, everyone else is like, "Hey, we're going to help one another like get food and get the meals and and and the grain and and we're going to work together to survive and and then there's nothing left." And it even it even, you know, seems like there's maybe not even any firewood. I don't know if people were munching on firewood in that times, but she takes two sticks to make a little fire. So, everything is it she's in this place of of this is the end. And we get to that. Remember, this is spiritual. We get to that place spiritually where we think, "Well, this is the end. There's there's there's nowhere to go. There's nothing left to do. Lord, why have you not yet made a way? Lord, why have you not yet done something? I've prayed. Is there something in my heart I need to I need to surrender more to you?" And you you examine your life and you examine what you're doing and where you are. And you're like, you realize, Lord, everything is before you. Everything is is pure before you. And here I am. Why have you not yet answered? And then he speaks to your heart and he says, "How far will you go?" You see, he he's not looking for you to have faith that he will answer. He's looking to you to have faith to keep going. We know he's going to answer. We know it. It's his promise in the word. He will answer. But we expect him to answer before we go any distance. But he's now not asking you will you have faith that I will meet the needs. He's not asking you that. He's asking you will you go all the way. Will you go to the last It's a lot of stairs there. So I just couple you. He's asking you well you know what he's asking you to go all the way down. And it's like but I'm used to two steps and I'm to the floor. And he says no there's four more. And then he asked you to go all the way back up. Why, Lord, I feel goofy. He says, "Do it again. How far will you go?" Amen. He asked you to walk to the back. Sorry, camera folks. He asked you to walk all the How far will you go? Will you stop here? Well, that's far enough. He says, "No, go. Keep Lord. There's got to be an answer right here, right now." He says, "Keep going. Then you go all the way." Then the door opens. There's a door right there. The door opens. And that one's nice and smooth and quiet. So it opens up. He says, "How far will you go? How goofy will you look? How how how unstable will you look to the world?" Peter and John, they were fed up with the Pharisees, the Sadducees, the religious system. John, I believe, had revelation there was coming a Messiah. Peter, I don't know, he was just a fisherman. And this guy walks up and says, "Leave your job. Leave the fish. Leave the nets. Don't even sell the boat. Just drop it and walk and follow after me." Amen. And we say, "Oh, you know, praise the Lord." And we adjust our halos. He want he he doesn't ask you for easy things. He might start out that way with some of us. He didn't with Peter. Yeah. He says, "Hey, come on." But you see, Peter was prepared for that position. Peter was prepared for that promotion. The world says, "Wow, you just lost everything." But Peter was promoted. When the Lord asks, "How far will you go?" In Mark 10:29, and Jesus answered and said, "Verily, I say unto you, there is no man that hath left house or brethren or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or lands for my sake and the gospels." But he shall receive 100fold now in this time houses and brethren and sisters and mothers and children and lands with persecutions. and in the world to come eternal life. But many that are first shall be last and the last first. Amen. Let's step over to Luke 7. Luke chapter 7 in verse 36. Luke 7:36. And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the pharaoh the Pharisees house and sat down to meet. And behold, a woman in the city which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisees house, brought an alabaster box of ointment. Now, this is a familiar story in the the book here. And but I want you to think about something. Excuse me. To be a to be in her position as a prostitute. That was capital punishment. That was a stoning. I mean, we saw the story, right? They they dragged the woman in a different place in the scriptures to Jesus and say, "Hey, we caught her in the act." And they had their stones and they were ready to do what had to be done according to the law of Moses. So, she risked by coming to the Pharisees to this home. She risked her natural life. So she she had to fight that. I like to think about it this way. She she was probably she heard about Jesus. She heard he was going to be there and she probably had a little box and she walked up and she walked back from the door. Oh man, I don't know if I can do this. And she walked back to the door and she turned back. She says, "Well, how how am I going to do this? You know, do I walk in? What what do I do?" She was scared. She was scared. And so finally she g she gets through the door and he didn't make it easy. Jesus didn't make it easy. He was there sitting in with the Pharisees. Yeah. So now here's her opportunity to to come to him and she's finally worked up the courage to come to him and she finds out where he is and she realizes, "Oh, that's the Pharisees house. Give me a little bit of liberty here in the story to make this point." And and so he's not he's not sitting on a rock out in the pastures, you know, with people or with his disciples. He's where he is hard to get to in this sense. not impossible to get to. I told my my son the other day he was carrying yesterday carrying the suitcases down the stairs and he says it's you know I can't do it. I'm like it's I didn't say it would be easy. I said I know it's hard but I know you can make it right. I know that you can overcome the challenge. And it's like we we have to learn that as children cuz then we grow up and it's like oh well it's hard so I can't do it. How many times do we hear that? How many times do we do that to the Lord? The Lord makes it hard. And because it's hard, we say, "I can't do it." But hard does not equal impossible. Right? Hard just means it's difficult. So Jesus made it difficult on purpose because he wanted to know for this little sister, how far will you go for what you need? He asked her to go right into the lion's den. right into the presence of the enemy in a sense, right? I mean, it's the Pharisees, but her position and everything. Risk, risk everything. And what does the world says? Well, no, we must take calculated risks. Risks like this business-wise with your with with whatever you put the name to it that there's situations in lives, and you know what I'm talking about. You put a name to it. that the world says that's ridiculous. But God says no, it's wise. Yeah. Do you understand? Like we have to literally change the way we think about even our natural life. Says, well, you know, we we we we worked so hard in the message community for the last couple few decades to raise young men who have careers and and and the little white picket fence out front and they're taking care of their families. But there's no relationship between them and God. There's no relationship between them and their wife. There's no relationship between them and their children, but they're the perfect little message family. You see, we adopted what the world calls success. I'm not preaching against success. I'm not preaching against a good career. But you see, he said, "Put me first, and I will add all these things." Find what doesn't fit under the word all. Amen. Amen. I will add all these things. You see, when God is the foremost in your life, then when he comes to you, he says, "How far will you go?" You automatically say, "All the way. Where are we going?" But if our minds are stuck, as our perspective is stuck in this place of this is how we do it. This is the American dream. This is how we do it. And God asks you to get up and move somewhere and you won't budge because that's not smart. It takes temperance to sit when you want to go and temperance to go when you want to sit. He has not asked you to be of this world. He has asked you to step higher to be a child of the king to operate your business as your in your life. When I say business, I mean everything in your life, your economy of your home and your and yourself. He asked you to act to to conduct it in the kingly way. Not the king of England, not the king of India or they have parliament. There's not many kings anymore. But not to be the king of the earth, but operating in the way of the kingdom of God. Let me tell you, let me ask you this question. Is that what we're doing? Do we say, Lord, this is what the world says is a good business plan, but what are you asking me to do? Yes. Right. Lord, I have this plan here cuz he tells you to be diligent to plan your potatoes, right? Talks about that. So, you invest in that. But now you say, "Lord, here's what I have. What do you think?" And he comes down, he little his little red pen, and he says, "Nope. Nope. This is good. Edit this. Change this out." How many of you seen that? You can raise your hands. It's okay. How many of you seen that picture where it's a businessman sitting at a desk and he's got his glasses off and he's kind of relaxed and Jesus is sitting next to him giving him advice? You seen that? Anybody seen that? It's one of my favorite pictures because it realigns what we should be doing. You can tell he's like a high-rise in New York City, something like that. So, he's in a a successful businessman, but he's he's looking Jesus is there in his office telling him, "This is how you do it. This is what you do." Why? Because we are not looking for success under worldly terms. We are looking for how did we conduct the father's business. How did we live our lives to his will? And sometimes he asks us to do very very absurd things from a worldly view. And what I've seen because to bring this right down home is we will look at our brother and say that's ridiculous. Never stopping to ask wait a second is that contrary to the thing that matters. But we say that's not smart. And we find ourselves being persecuted by the person in the pew next to us simply because we have gotten so trained where here's church, here's business, here's church, here's my job, here's church, here's my career path, here's my trajectory. Brother Will Sanders is where is he at? Right here. right here. I can't see him. There he is. Got the little wave. He's He's doing some flying. What if What if God asks Will to learn to fly? And we say, "Okay, yep. He's going to learn to fly." And then he's going to go on. He's going to fly for United Airlines. And that's and the the world says, "Hey, you're going to learn to be a pilot. Here's what you got to do to be a pilot. You got to fly here. You got to go work for these people. Fly out. you know, got to go to Alaska and fly to the villages because you can build time and get paid for it and or you can go over here and just fly commuter planes and you work your hours and you build your hours up and then you can get a good job and then all this stuff and God comes along and says, "Cool, you learn how to fly. Go to the Amazon." The world says, "Whoa, hang on a second." And the message community says, "Oh, that's for denominations. That's not how we work." What about flying a plane in the jungle is against the word of God. This is a wild example. I know. I feel a little of you are like, "Well, where's this guy going with this?" Will's like there's a lot of creepy crawies in the jungle. But you see what I'm saying? We get so used to a certain perspective that when God comes knocking, we don't even hear him because there's no way in the world he would ask us to do that. So we have a lot of people singing that song. I shall not be I shall not be moved. We laugh. But you look at situations along around the globe, people desperate for help. Desperate for help. And you meet people who are capable and you talk to them, you realize they have no desire. They have no desire for souls. They have no desire for to to do what God wants. They have a desire for a career and to take care of their family. We have to change our perspective. There's a quote I I I don't I can't remember how exactly how it goes that I had in my office. Brother Brandham says basically he says, "Look, we're out of time. We've got to do all that we can right now. We got to do all that we can. We got to get out there and we got to do the thing that God is asking us to do because we don't have time." Look, are we trying to stay here? Every good message person says, "No, brother." But then Tuesday morning, how are you living? Are are you and I'm not talking about I'm not talking about sin. Look, I'm talking about a clean living person, right? with revelation, but revelation stops with their personal devotion and doesn't bleed into the rest of their life. Amen. That it's not revelation actually because if it was revelation, it would bleed into the rest of your life. It's in your head. So, you compartmentalize it. You know, guys love that, right? Compartments. You know, this is this and this is this over here and there's doors through there. But, you know, just logically bulleted lists and and everything like that and organized in spreadsheets and and so, you know, here's a devotion spreadsheet and serving God spreadsheet and here's the work spreadsheet. But when you adjust when you adjust in Excel, you can adjust things and and then it recalculates. When you adjust spiritually, it should recalculate your business spreadsheet. Amen. And when you try to adjust your business spreadsheet outside of the calculations of your spiritual one, it should error out. Amen. So that doesn't work. People talk about, well, this job over here, and it's always first question, is there a church? Well, you know what? That's an extreme example. But then bleed it on down to to you and I sitting here this morning, standing here this morning, saying, "What is God asking us to do? That's right. We're too busy thinking about how little meal we have and the two sticks we're picking up to even hear the prophet say, "Go make me a cake." See, even hear the word say, "Bring me the meal offering." Says, "Christ was the type of the meal offering. Surrender to me." The Lord asks, "How far will you go?" But this young woman is in the place where where and this is the this is the fantastic thing about being a true child of God. Cuz try as hard as you might, brother Jack. There's a higher calling. Try as hard as you might. The Lord says you fall flat on your face every time. Amen. Because God says, "No, you're my child." So here she is. and she's got to the point where she wants to change so bad. She's willing to go all the way. And God presses us into those positions. He presses us into those places where something shifts in our thinking. And we say, "Wait a second. Wait a second. This happened to us the other day. I was laying there and I was just, Lord, this, this, and this, and all these things, and when is it going to work out? How is it going to work out? I feel like I'm just sitting in limbo." Purgatory is not a message doctrine. I'm just sitting here. Lord, what's the answer? What do you want us? You know, I know what you want us to do, but how do we get there? What what's what's going on? The Lord just spoke to my heart. He says, how far will you go? Will you go to the last meal offering? Will you go to the last possible second? You know, you can stand on the edge and you can teeter quite a ways out before you actually have given over to gravity. He might ask you to go all the way to that point and he just grabs you and says, "All right, here you go. This is what I want you to do." Cuz now he knows he can trust you. Not 3/4 of the way. Not half the way. Half the way is pretty good. There's a lot of people that are halfway. N7 is pretty good. But he's asking for a whole. He's asking for the whole thing. Because then when he knows you'll give the whole thing, he'll give you the whole thing. So verse 38, and and stood at his feet behind him weeping and began to wash his feet with tears and did wipe them with the hairs of her head and kissed his feet and anointed them with ointment. presence of God unrecognized. What is the woman's beauty and honor is her hair. That's the reason many of you women today cut it all off. That's wrong. She took her hair and began to wash his feet and wipe them her pretty hair, taking the stink off of him upon herself, bearing his reproach. You say, "Well, I don't cut my hair." The man brings us the story of Samson. And he says, Samson was overcome by the church system. What did what was what did Samson have to do for his strength? Keep his hair long. So this is a spiritual this is a natural sign. This is a spiritual sign to you and I us brothers and sisters even with long hair. Keep yourself submitted to the headship of Christ, not the headship of the church system. Because as soon as you identify with the church system, your hair is cut off and you lose your power. Amen. Amen. So he's saying you can't even sit at the feet of Jesus with the hair, which is your your the the the the your honor, your your your who you are, your identity as the as a member of the bride. You can't even do that unless your hair is long, unless you're submitted to Christ. And that's the problem. You will never get through the door into the home of the Pharisee to kneel at the feet of Jesus as long as you are aligned with a church system. Amen. That's good. You have a wonderful ministry here, wonderful pastor, and you can be sitting here underneath this ministry and be a denomination unto yourself. Because you have identified with a set of rules. This is how we do it. And never ask yourself, where's the relationship? Or if it is, sometimes we need a reminder, a little, "Hey, wake up. Job. Job was a righteous man. God comes and says, "Job, get up. Stop it. Stand up. I got something to say to you." So maybe maybe you're the job and and you know that's how I was right. I was there in that place and Lord's like knock it off. Stand up. I got something I want to say to you. Who are you compared to my glory? What can I not do? You are but a man. Did you create the I love it how he lays it out. as you create the horse who rides into battle stands and he and he fights there and he's a mighty steed and you can go back and read it. I'm I'm butchering it but he just paints this picture of this waror that's just going into battle. He said did you create him to be like that? He says I did. So what is the problem? He's asked Job to go all the way. He says Job how far will you go? And then he's just what? He just sat there and these free three friends come to him and just tear him up. You know when a brother falls in battle battle kick him more. That's the tune they were singing to. And then finally Elihoo comes and God begins to minister to him preparing him for an audience with the king. Amen. See the Lord the Holy Spirit comes begins to prepare you. You're Job. You're there. You're like, "Wow, how far can I go?" God says, "Keep going. Keep going. And keep going." Doesn't answer you. His answer is a little a little further. His answer is a little further. Okay. He says, "That old Simon standing back there said, "Huh? Oh, I can just see him blow up." He didn't recognize who he was. said, "I told you he wasn't a prophet. If he was a prophet, he would recognize what kind of a woman that is around him." Jesus never moved a foot. He just watched her, and she was scared. Then the Pharisees which had bidden to him saw it, and he spake within himself, saying, "This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that touchth him, for she is a sinner." And Jesus answering, said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. Then he saith, Master, say on. There was a certain creditor which had two debtors. One owed 500 p and the other 50. They had nothing to pay and frankly he forgave them both. Tell me therefore who will love him more. Simon answered said I suppose it be he that he forgave the most. He says that's right. Thou hast rightly judged. And he turned to the woman and said unto Simon, Seeest thou this woman. I entered into thine house. Thou gavest me no water for my feet, but she hath washed my feet with tears and wiped them with the hairs of her head. Do you know I tried to get a picture and I just couldn't find one that was worthy of it. But do you know how dirty and nasty their feet got? They're in sandals, not walking on asphalt. You know, pretty little country asphalt thing. You know, I always crack up about that. It's like we're going to go on a nature walk and it's got asphalt or pavement. No, they were walking through the dust. The same trail that the donkeys and the horses and everything right there trapping. And you know, you can't avoid it after a while. Just all mixes together. Stink. I mean, you can't imagine it. It's hot. It's humid. There's sweat. Well, maybe not humid cuz it's kind of the desert, but I'm sure there was. Anyways, the feet were really, really gross. Really, really dirty. How many of you sisters, you know, you you keep the hair up, right? You go to wash the gross dishes, you put it up, right? You keep it out of the nasty water. You keep it you keep it clean. It's your honor. It's your glory or take good care of it as you should. And here is this woman willing to surrender everything cuz she was a prostitute. So looking good was good for business. She was willing to surrender all of that and say, "I'm going to, you know, it might damage my hair. It might, you know, whatever it be." And she was willing to do all that at the feet of Jesus and wipe that stuff with her hair and kiss his feet. Amen. How far will you go? You say, "Oh, brother, I'll wash, you know, I'll get a I'll get some paper towels and I'll wash the feet." And everyone, you know, we say, "Oh, wow. Praise the Lord. That brother's washing the feet of Jesus." Jesus is looking and saying, "I ask you to go all the way." You see how far you go and then you don't go all the way, you might as well have not gone at all. The point is total surrender. Total surrender. Saints of God ch I mean take it back to your studies. See where it doesn't fit. Where God is always asking us how far will we go? But instead of going at how far he asks us, we go how far we think we should go. And we lean to our own understandings. God is asking for a mature bride to be willing to do anything he asks him to do, asks us to do when he asks us to do it. What was the what was the perfect thing about Jesus? He did only the perfect will of the father. Amen. We are to walk in. Think about this. The gospel is a story of Jesus. He's calling us to walk the same path because he has a ministry in the bride. So does does God just hatch a new plan? But R says no. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So you will have to crucify. Be crucified. Not naturally, maybe emotionally, spiritually. You have to walk that same path. So then you have to be willing to walk into the pool of Bethesda and touch one person. Now I don't mean actually touch a person and heal them. I mean that harness and the world looks on and says you're a jerk. Right. Right. The person in the pew next to you looks at you and says you what do you even know? What are you doing? And you ask them says, "Well, show me in the scriptures where this is wrong. What could he do? What could he have done with Samson?" You say, "Oh, praise God, Samson." You know, he sacrificed his life. His hair began to grow. All those Philistines were killed. But what could God have done with Samson if from the beginning he gave him his heart? Amen. Think about that. What could have happened? So then what could God do with you in in just a couple of months being completely sold out to him versus 20 years of just a little bit here and there? Samson judged Israel for 20 years. He had a lot of good battles, a lot of good victories, but just a little bit here and a little bit there. Yeah. What could God do with your life? What could God do with this church? Says, "Oh, well, we've got a it's nice. We've got the and this building is amazing. You've got this here. What can you do now? You got to brother Blake said it's so I I just like that. He said a comfortable place to worship you. Think about that. You don't have to worry about natural hindrances while you're sitting here. What could God then take you out there and do with you? If you said if he says how far will you go and you were willing to say all the way to Japan where sushi is not sushi. how far will you go? And we think about, wow, yes, you know, those brothers are in Japan, man. And the young guys are like, "That's a missionary." But he asked you to go to downtown Cleveland. Or or he asked you to go to go with those with those, you know, you wonder sometimes, should I use this example or should I not to that church that's just a little weird? Well, you're going to leave them. They might not even know. What are what are they going to hear? You might be the vessel. God uses. Now, it's got to be God. But I think we I think I think we can be mature enough to understand that. You don't have to put that little footnote in there, right? It's got to be God. Amen. I'm not I'm not working on we're not working this morning on the folks who say, "Oh, the Lord led me." And it's just no, definitely not. That's not the way to go. That's not the you know, you leave them alone. But now says, "Well, maybe that God says this way." He says, "Maybe God told them, but they didn't hear and act correctly the way he said it perfectly." I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about those individuals who just won't budge. You just you just you got your happy, comfy life and you don't want to do anything about it. You just want to stay there. And God's saying, "I've got so much I want you to do, but you've got to be willing to go all the way, will all the way to Amazon, all the way to, you know, he'd rather go to Alaska. So that's why I picked Amazon, right? all the way to wherever it is. Not for your own glory. Look, you got to be okay to do it and nobody ever know you did it because your focus and your whole point you do it is for Jesus Christ. That's who he's looking for. John says there's not I think it was John said there's not enough room to write all the things Jesus did. Yeah. So, there was miracles and events and supernatural things that happened and sermons that Jesus preached that we will never read in the book. Yeah. And that was all right. He only put in there what you needed to hear. You don't got to go dig up some Greek manuscript or some ancient stone in the desert. All you got to do is read what he gave you. You have everything that you need. All you have to do is be willing to go all the way all the way in in the word. Now we're talking. Let's bring it down to Revelation. God begins to open things up in the word. But you say, "That's not how we've preached it. That's not the way this brother sees it or that brother sees it or this pastor preaches it. That's not the way it is. This is the accepted to explanation of the doctrine in the message community. Don't go outside of it." And God says, "How far will you go?" Amen. How ridiculous are you willing to look? Matthew chapter 16. Matthew chapter 16. We're getting close. Don't get weary on me. Matthew chapter 16 verse one. The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came and tempting desired him that he would show them a sign from heaven. He answered and said unto them, "When it is evening, ye say it will be fair weather, for the sky is red. And in the morning it will be foul weather today, for the sky is red and lowering." Oh, you hypocrites. You can discern the face of the sky, but can you not discern the signs of the times? A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. Excuse me, my throat's dry today. And he left them and departed. And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread. Then Jesus said unto them, "Take heed and beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees." And they reasoned among themselves, saying, "It is because we have taken no bread." Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, "Oh ye of little faith, why reason you among yourselves, because you have brought no bread? Do you not yet understand? Neither remember the five loaves of the 5,000 and how many baskets you took up. neither the seven loaves of the 4,000 and how many baskets you took up. How is it that ye did not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread that you should beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees? Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leavenven of bread but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and the Sadducees. There's quite a lot happening here. The disciples have been following Jesus and they've been asked, you know, where will you go? And he says, Peter says, well, there's where else can we go? This is all we have. And now there's they're so they're so they're so indoctrinated in the Jewish doctrine, the Jewish tradition of worship that when he starts talking about bread, they immediately go to the doctrine of leaven. And I say, well, you know, I guess, you know, it's the bread. And he's like, "Hello, I'm talking about the doctrine of the Pharisees and the Sadducees." You see what happening? God was trying to open their eyes to something, but because of what they thought they knew, they missed it the first time. Amen. Say, "Oh, yeah." You know, maybe you're sitting here today say, "Well, brother, I've heard this before, so this is for somebody else." Last I checked, the word of God is a living, breathing substance, sir. And you'll hear it differently based on your current position and perspective. So he shut down. He said, "Well, yep, the 11. Yep. The doctor 11. Yep. That's what he's talking about." John's like, "Yeah, I got that figured out." Peter and the Lord is like, "No, I'm not talking about bread. I'm talking about the doctrine of the Pharisees and the Sadducees." 1 Corinthians 1. 1 Corinthians 1 verse 18. For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness, but unto us which are saved, it is the power of God. Now, I want you to remember here, Paul just a few years after the death of Christ, the preaching of the cross is a new term. It's been so abused for the last couple thousand years and everything. We read and we just gloss over that. But you have to understand, put yourself in Paul's position. He's now telling people that guy that hung on the cross, the one guy out of the thousands that the Romans hung on a cross, he rose up again and now it's the gospel of Jesus Christ. And you're thinking, people receive that. I saw brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother Jeremy I was thinking about this the other day and I was just like thinking about that I think I have it here where Peter and John are before the the the religious leaders of the time and and I'm thinking they're telling they're standing there telling these these men look the guy you crucified he rose again and you didn't see him we we saw him though and and he's he now then we he ascended on high and we went in a little room and and after a few days we received the Holy Spirit and now everything's changed. Everything has changed. And you're thinking, I've heard people give, you know, talks on like, you know, just the aliens and all this weird stuff and everyone just kind of rolls their eyes or they're like, whoa, you know, and they just get all weird, you know, and people are convinced they saw the Yeti and all this stuff. And I'm thinking, how come that just, you know, kind of sort of just in the backdrops of of society? But yet, when these people are talking about something this crazy Yeah. Y it it it it they had the confidence for one to say what they said and for two of the Pharisees get mad. The Lord spoke to my heart says because it's truth. Amen. Right? So you think well how am I going to you know talk to them about the prophet maybe I'll wait on that. Look the prophet is the reason we have present truth. So let's not waste their time. Let's not waste our time. And you tell them. You think but it's weird. It's crazy. This is maybe mostly my generation and younger. I don't know. Some of you old people are thinking, "Well, that's why is that weird, you know?" Um, but for us young people, younger people and and younger people, um, you think about talking about a prophet and you're just like, "That feels maybe that feels weird, but you have to realize it'll have an effect because it's true." And the truth shall set you free. Amen. So, a child of God hears that, they don't even battle eyes. Oh, yeah. Prophet, of course. You're like, "Well, wow, they received that." Well, because it's truth. or they think you're crazy, they walk away. Whatever. It's fine. You're there speaking truth. Never forget that. Never forget that you're there speaking truth. So now he's dealing with it. He says, "Hey, this the this is the the power the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness." So he's saying they're calling this crazy. They're calling this foolish, but they can't get away from it, right? And they're fighting him. They're trying to quiet them down. And Paul was one of those, right? Paul was the he was the he was the c he was the poster child for the let's get rid of the Christians campaign you know he was it was Paul for 2028 right that's what it or Saul for 2028 that's what it was he was the man and the Lord finally has to break him down and there's his his own testimony there he says for it is written I will destroy the wisdom of the wise and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent So these are these are good smart people. These are people who have have knowledge and this wisdom but but it's not the wisdom of God. It's not the knowledge of the revelation of God. Amen. It's not the word. It's not truth. So he has to dismantle that. He says where is the wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the disputer of this world? Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? He's not talking about crazy ideas of aliens and yeti and stuff like that. He's talking about the wisdom. The people you look at say they got it together. The way they approach life, they've got it together. The way that brother approaches serving God, man, that's that's it right there. Yet God's been asking him for 10 years, please, not please, asking him for 10 years, do this. And he says, how could that be God? It's too crazy. For after that, in the wisdom of God, the world by wisdom knew not God. It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. Amen. The foolishness of preaching. The foolishness of preaching. Don't forget that. We're all in this together. We're all in this together. For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom. Boom. right there. Both sides of the road, Pentecostals, legalists, the same spirit was working all the way back there in the E in the Ephesian church age. Amen. And it's the same thing today. The Jews a sign. The Greeks seek after wisdom. But we preach Christ crucified. We preach Christ crucified. So, they're preaching the the gospel, the revelation that God came and something changed. Please tell me you're with me. Amen. God came and something changed. The world shifted. History shifted. I mean, we don't even count time the same anymore. It's BC, then it's 80. It shifted. Even history itself put a mark. Amen. He says unto the Jews, this is a stumbling block. Thinking Jews for centuries, for centuries, who have been the the the elite religious group of the world, the only ones who are following Jehovah in that capacity. Yet Christ being crucified, it's too much for them to handle. They were the church. They were the church. God is calling a bride out of the church, not the denomination. Out of the church system. And we can adopt that church system anywhere you want. I mean, message community, right? It's there. It's prevalent. He's calling you out. So therefore, there's going to be something that is preached, something that is that that is that is fed from the scriptures that is a stumbling block to the church, to the Jews, and unto the Greeks, foolishness. So under the legalistics, like that's foolishness. That's not deep enough. That's not there's not enough rules there. We we we can't we can't handle that. It's too d it's too dynamic. I'm not talking about emotions. The word is fluid. It is a moving, breathing substance. Amen. God asks us to get up and do stuff sometimes. Get up and go there. Do this. Think about the book of Acts. Yeah. Right. Hey, but it says we're in a book of Acts again. Yeah. What are we doing? We're just building barnaminiums. Nothing against those. I'm trying to build one, too. But we're just we're if we get focused on that. You understand what I'm saying? If you get focused on that. Okay. Are we doing all right? Amen. All right. All right. We're just we're just fighting the devil today. Okay. So now, but a for after that in the wisdom of God, the world by wisdom. Okay. We were past that part. 24. But unto them which are called both Jews and Greeks. Oh, so they're not excluded. Absolutely not. We all got that Jew in us. you know, says, "Well, I can get a better deal at Target." Well, you want five bucks, I'll give you 250. We all got that Greek in us, right? Try to philosophically explain the scriptures. And we It just comes out a little weird. And people look at you and go and you're like, "Man, that kind of felt funny." And the Lord's like, "Nope, that's the Greek in you." Amen. But but unto them which are called both Jew and Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. So he just said Christ the power of God which could be signs and supernaturals and those kind of things. And he said the wisdom of God. Amen. So the devil can't create. So there's a little bit of truth on either side. Amen. But the the the thing to do is bring it into the middle into the balance, the balance of the scriptures. Amen. Of the word, not your balance, God's balance. So because the foolishness of God is wiser than men, and the weakness of God is stronger than men. For you see, you're calling, brethren, okay, see if I want to read down the rest of this. He's chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise. the base things of the world and things which are despised hath God chosen. So you you you can't approach this with the the same mindset. Your perspective has to change. God has to do something and change the way you think. Which is what Paul said. Take on the mind of Christ. Change the way you think about things. Change your perspective. Say, "Wait a second, Lord. What are you asking me to do? Is this what you want me to do?" He says, "Yep, keep going." You say, "Well, I need an answer here." He says, "Keep going. Keep going. Go a little further. Run out of oil. Run out of meal cuz I have a plan in place for you." In Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Let me see here. Can we Can we Can we pray for a second? Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we're here this morning not to make a show, not to to be to be funny. We're here because you've given us your word. Lord, the only goal that we have is that you would have the liberty to speak to us. That you would have the liberty to direct the minister. That you would have the liberty to direct the heart of your people. that, Father, they could break free, Lord. Break free from what they think and their ideas and and and break into a a a space, Lord, where it's you and it's them and that's it. That's all that matters. Pray you'd come now, Lord, with your presence, Lord Jesus. Push back, Father, that resistance, Lord, that that you're trying to get something across to us, but we're stuck in our humanity. Forgive us, Lord. forgive us and help us to step forward into what you have for us that Lord we could live in a higher plane in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. In Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says take the 22nd Psalm and sing it and compare it with the morning of the crucifixion. See my God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? All my bones they stare at me. They pierced my feet and my hands. Yet all those things there, them singing that psalm down there in the temple and crucifying the very one. See those great religious leaders, those great men, those great teachers, yet so blinded that that was reading the prophets and was singing the songs and doing the crime they said they would do. So now you have the Pharisees and the Sadducees are down there in the temple while Jesus is up there dying on the cross singing the pro prophecy of the transition of time. The Pharisees and the Sadducees were the message church. Then something changed. Now you could take the same example and say it was denominations and God called them out. Absolutely. It doesn't matter. You put a name to it. You can put Methodist, you have Baptist, you can put message community to it. It does not matter. It is the anointing of the church system. So the church system is singing the psalm 22 while crucifying the truth they've been given. And if you're not careful, you will find yourself in the same position because there's no way that what that is being said is truth. It's too absurd. And you are judging it based on the Pharisees ministry, not on the revelation of the pure, unadulterated, infallible word of God. You are saying that's not how I've heard it. So therefore, it is false. That is what Paul and Peter and John and the 120 had to fight against. They didn't have to fight so much with the Greeks and the barbarians of the world. They had to deal with the Jews. Today in the message community, in the church system, we are dealing with Jews. Let's just call it what it is, saints. We are dealing with the Jews of ourselves. Don't point to the brother next to you. Point to yourself. The Jew within yourself says, "But this is how we do it. This is how we have a good service. This is this is what this means." Why? Why? Because that's how I've always been taught. Never once stopping and saying, "God, is this right?" That's all I'm ask. That's all the Lord is asking you to do. say, look to him and say, "Father, have I been thinking about this wrong all along?" Amen. Thanks, saints. We've got to get out of here. We've got a rapture to get to to to take us out. And it's a faith. It's a revelation. So, how are you going to come to the revelation of the rapture? Have you made it yet? So, then what do you need? What do you need? Sometimes I believe that personal opinion, brother Chris takes personal opinion. I believe right now it's the undoing of the doctrine of the Jews. Amen. Not the Jews over there in Israel. Not the Jews of the scriptures. The Jews of the message of ourselves, our own Jews. Stop looking at the church next door or your person, the brother next to you, or stop thinking of somebody. If you're thinking of somebody, somebody's thinking about you. and look within and say, "Lord, identify the Jew within me that has received these things and is so encrusted in this doctrine that he's now commanding the Gentiles, you must be circumcised, too." God came to free them from the law. That's right. To give them the dispensation of grace. And there's Jews bringing the law across the River Jordan. Yeah. Amen. Achen brought the law across the river Jordan. And what did he cause? Death in the camp. Right? Don't think of Achen as the a brother, the Achin within your own spirit. Say, "What have I pulled with me into this promised land? What have I pulled with me into the open word? What have I laid a hold of and held and kept from Jericho?" The first battle. Yeah. The first battle. What have I held on to? Yeah. Amen. Go back to the basics. I don't mean the basics as in, you know, God sent a prophet. I mean the basics of your humanity and realize I'm just a person. I'm just flesh, fallen flesh. And I've got all these ideas because we love to be religious. And I've got all these ideas of what I think a message preacher should be or what I think a message pastor should be or what I think a good sermon is or how I think a all these things should go or how I think this is what the seven church ages is. This is what the seven church age book is. Why is that still an issue? Cuz we held on. We stayed the Jew. Amen. The Jew overcame. There's there's two. There's a black dog and the white dog. Amen. How you doing, chief? He says, depends on who I'm feeding. Amen. Are you feeding the overcoming son of God or are you feeding the Jew? Talking specifically to people especially especially raising the message. That's you think about it. The position we are in today, that's the Jew. Amen. Raising the message. That's the Jew. Says this is how it is. See, God has called me to get up here and to speak to you. And you've got we've got we've got conid order and doctrine. We've got these things. But what if God asks me how far will you go? What will you say for my glory? I have to answer for what I said or what I didn't say. Yeah. Saints of God, I need my Jew crucified. I need my Jew like Paul. What happened? Saul met Christ. Amen. The Jew met Christ. And God said, "It's hard for you to kick against the pricks, right? Right. He thought he was right. Yeah. He stood there and watched a brother murdered. Yeah. Watch a man's ministry destroyed by the rocks of false doctrine, by the rocks of the Jews. He w stood there and watched the man's ministry destroyed and said, "Good. He was causing too many problems." Good men have gone down that way in the message community because of what they ministered. And nobody stopped to ask, "But is it the truth?" Amen. Am I calling for a sympathy party? Absolutely not. God can raise those men back up because Stephen went to sleep. Amen. Amen. But take it from the spiritual standpoint. Maybe you maybe God was dealing with you, but then some Jews threw some rocks. Maybe maybe maybe God was opening your eyes to something that you you couldn't even wrap your head around and you laid in bed at night thinking, "I've lost my mind. There is no way this is this is the truth. And then God just comes and he shows you again and he shows you again and he shows you again. But the Jew within threw stones at what God was doing and you said never mind. And you stepped back and you went to sleep spiritually. So now you're sitting here this morning thinking, "Who's that crazy Alaska, Idaho, and Arizonian Ohioan who doesn't follow the protocol? No, it's not me. I said, Lord, I leave myself in that chair back there in your office. Amen. I want you to speak and only you to speak. And he's asking you to to get rid of the Jew to to turn and take the rocks and throw them at the Jew within you, not the Jew next to you. Crucify that old man. Paul, he I mean, Paul and all that his his dealings with, he just went headtohead with the Jews constantly. the people who knew more about the scriptures than anybody else and they couldn't see it. Why? Why could they not see it? Because they had assumed God's intentions. Yeah. They had assumed this is the way it is, so therefore it must be. This is the way I was taught, so it has to be true. God is here today trying to dismantle what you think he is to show you who he truly is. He's here to take it down. But you have to be willing to surrender that part of you that says, "But I want I feel safe here." I mean, they had the big temples. They had the system. They had all these things. They had the wealth. Yeah, they had a lot of money, a lot of gold and wealth there. But Galial says, "Careful." He says, "If it be of God, if it's not of God, it'll dismantle itself. But it if it is of God, careful you don't find yourself fighting against God." Matthew 20:24 talks about false Christ and false prophets. all of that anointed false anointed ones in and in the sermon the anointed ones at the end time. He says now to take our time to get a basic fact because I'm making a statement here that's astounding. How can the Holy Spirit anoint a false teacher? But that's what Jesus said would happen. This is what Peter and John and all those brothers were dealing with. Amen. Jews wanted a sign. It says false Christ and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect. But what were they saying? What they saying was false. But because of the signs and the wonders that right there is the Jew within us. Yeah. The Jew doesn't look to the teaching. The Jew within us looks to the signs and the wonders and how we feel about it and how it speaks to us emotionally, right? And and and how how oh this you and emotionally I'm not talking about running the aisles. I'm talking about that happy cozy feeling. Yeah. This is familiar. This is familiar. Do you know what happens if a sheep gets too familiar in one area? No more grass. And if a sheep don't have grass, sheep doesn't bear wool. Musicians, will you come, please? In in closing here, what is the reward, though? That's what you all been waiting for. Like, oh wow, brother, where's the hope? Hey, there's a remedy. The reward is the book. Revelations 10:8. And the voice which I heard from heaven is spake unto me again and said, "Go and take a little book which is opened." Amen. Amen. From the angel who stands upon the sea and the earth, Christ. Amen. And I went unto the angel. How far will you go? All the way to the angel. Okay, cool. Will you go further? He says, "And I said unto him." So he went there. He stood before Christ himself. Yeah. and did what the angel said to do. And God said, "Go a little further. Now you have to ask me." He didn't just walk up and the Lord just says, "Here you go." Right? He said, "Give me the little book." He showed some perseverance. He showed some dedication. Give me the book. Give me the book. And he said unto me, take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. Oh, it's bitter, but it's so sweet. I mean, that's not even worldly wise. If it makes your belly bit better, people stop eating it, you know? Well, some of us, some of us, we just can't stop resisting it, right? This that sugary cake, right? But he says, he says, "Take it, eat it up, make that belly bitter, but it shall be in that mouth sweet as honey." And he said, "I took the little book." So there's several steps here. He had to go to Christ. Then he had to ask for the book the book. And then when he heard how bad it will be once he eats it, he had to say, "I'm willing to do it anyways." And then he had to actually take it. I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and I ate it up, and it was in my mouth, sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings. The bride has a ministry." He's calling you to go forth and do something. Do something. So John got the book and John answered, "All the way." Amen. How far will you go? All the way. And here is the promise in closing. Revelations 22:1. You guys want to start to play a song? Here is love vast as the ocean. Revelations 22:1 because what how did Christ endure the cross for the joy that was set before him? How will you endure crucifying that Jew for the joy that is set before you? He says, "And he showed me a pure river of water of life clear as crystal proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb. In the midst of the street of it and on either side of the river was there the tree of life which bore bear 12 manner of fruits. says, "There shall be no more curse, but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it, and his servants shall serve him, and they shall see his face, and his name shall be in their foreheads, and there shall be no night there, and they need no candle, neither light of the sun, for the Lord God giveth them light, and they shall reign forever and ever." In order for you to catch revelation of the rapture for yourself, you have to crucify the Jew. You have to be willing to go all the way. And until you're willing to go all the way, you will stay where you are going nowhere. But this is the promise. This is the joy that is set before you. Not only there, but he see promise lands here. Lands that can be natural. That could also be spiritual possessions in the word. Possessions as a child of God. The revelation of Christ coming and renewing your spirit every single day. And he said unto me, "These things are faithful and true." And the Lord God of the holy prophet sent his angel to show unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. Behold, I come quickly. Christ says, "Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book." Oh, saints. You'll go all the way and he'll do more than you could ever ask or think. You go all the way, he will bless you spiritually beyond measure. The man on the cross says, you know, if you could please remember me. And he says, I'll not only remember you, you will be with me today in paradise. He got more than he asked for. And when you're willing to go all the way with Jesus Christ, all the way with the revelation of the word, all the way into the open book, he will give you more than you could ever ask or think. And something in your life will shift and you'll realize he's been there all the time. He's been talking to me all the time. But now I hear. Amen. Can we sing this song? Here is love vast as the ocean. Here is love as the ocean. Loving kindness has the flood when the prince of life are ransom shed for us. His preious blood his love will not remember. Who can cease to sing his praise? He will ever be forgotten through throughout eternal days. On the mount of crucifixion, fountains and deep and wide through the floodgates of God's mercy flow of path and gracious kind. Grace and love like might high rivers for his from above. Heaven's peace and perfect justice. Kiss the guilty world in love. Let me all thy love except thee. of the ever oh my days. Let me seek thy kingdom only and my life be to thy praise. Thou alone shall be my glory. Nothing in the world I see. Thou has cleansed and sanctified me. Thou thou thyself has set me free. In thy truth, thou dost direct me. By thy spirit, through thy word and thy grace my is me. As I trust in thee, my Lord, of thy fullness, thou art glory, thy great love and power on me without meureful and boundless. Draw ye out my heart to thee. Sing that last verse again. This is exactly the heart of what was said today. In thy truth, thou doct by thy spirit through thy word and thy grace. My need is meeting thee. As I trust in thee, my Lord. of thy fullness now our glory. Thy great love and power on me without meful and boundless drawing out my heart to thee. Now you sing one more. I love him before I turn it over. I love him because he first loved me. Just worship the Lord here. Will I love him? I love him because he first love me. [Music] and purchase my salary tree. Sing the verses. [Music] gone from my heart. The world and all it charms now through the blood. I'm safe from all down at the cross. My heart is bending low. The preious blood of Jesus cleanses white as I love him. [Music] I love him because he first love me and is my sation. [Music] on trace in the chorus again. I love him. Will I love him? I love him because he first love me and purchase my salation. on [Music] God. Amen. We're thankful for Brother Chris coming and ministering for us. We always appreciate it when he comes. And let's just sing uh seek ye first the kingdom, the key of C. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Oh hallelu hallelujah. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. Oh hallelu hallelujah. Seeking seeking first the kingom of God and his [Music] rightuousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Oh hallelu hallelu without the music seek ye first the kingom of God and his [Music] rightuousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Oh hallelu hallelujah. Amen. Men shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Oh hallelu, hallelujah. And ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and he shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. Oh hallelujah, [Applause] hallelujah. Verse two, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Oh hallelu hallelu and seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuous [Music] name and all these things shall be added unto you. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God. May I be like you are the potter. You are the potter. I am the [Music] clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it true. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh come. May I be like you. You are the potter. [Music] You are the potter. I am the [Music] clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Oh, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like, for you are the potter. Oh, you are the potter. [Music] I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Make it ever true. Change my heart. May I be like you. [Music]
