################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - 250604 - Benjamin Seabolt Applying the Sixth Seal to the Gentile Individual - Part 1 Shiloh - Benjamin Seabolt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-04
Title:    250604 - Benjamin Seabolt: Applying the Sixth Seal to the Gentile Individual - Part 1: Shiloh
Speaker:  Benjamin Seabolt
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RpahcHfhZo
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Well, this world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Well, they're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know that I have no friends like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no breath like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels back in me from heaven's open door and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Verse one. Well, this world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And oh Lord, you know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Soon this life will all be over. and our pilgrimage will end. Then we'll take our heavenly journey. We'll be at home with Christ our friend. And heaven's gates are standing open, waiting for our entrance there. Some sweet day we're going over. All the beauty is there to share. There's just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. Just a little while to labor in the path that's always straight. Well, there's just a little more of trles in this low and sendable state. Then we'll enter heaven's portals, sweeping through those pearly gates. Soon we'll meet all the redeemed ones and we'll take them by the [Music] hand. Soon we'll press into our bosom. Over in the prois land we'll be at home forever throughout all eternity. What a blessed blessed morning that eternal morning will be. Well, there's just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. Just a little while to [Music] labor in the path that's always straight. Just a little more of trles in this low and sinful state. Then we'll enter heaven's portal, sweeping through those pearly gates. He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that we might be trees of righteousness. the planting of the Lord that he might be glory. He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for morning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that we might be trees of righteousness. the planting of the Lord that he might be [Music] [Applause] [Music] glory as I hear your word come forth. forth. I'm reminded of who I really [Music] am. Align with might the offen. I believe I am from eternity. I have always been a part of you. The word comes to the word. So there must be a part of you deep on the inside to respond. with yes and amen to everything you say to me. The word comes to the word. It resonates deep within me. Even when my mind can't comprehend, I know it to be true. Life of your life, I find myself in you, Lord, never to depart. The word comes to the word. So there must be a part of [Music] you deep on the inside to respond with yes and amen to everything you say to me. The word comes to the world. Coming from the depth of my soul, a revelation anchored there by you. This is nothing but the truth. I recognize you in our midst and I am filled with a genuine faith. The word comes to the word. So there must be a part of you deep on the inside to respond with yes and amen to everything you say to me. The word comes to the world as I walk with you. You speak to me. Lord, please keep unveiling yourself. I want all you have for me. Give me eyes to see and ears to hear. Give me more [Music] revelation. Let every bit of this word anchor in my soul. [Music] right where it belongs. Let it be my life. Let it be my all. The word comes to the word. So there must be a part of you deep on the inside to respond with yes and amen to everything you say to me. The word comes to the [Music] world. The word comes to the world. It was a tiny simple stable all beaten and warm hardly the place for a king to be born. It didn't take some special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. I live inside this house of clay and mold me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Outwardly I'm nothing, not much to behold. [Music] hardly the place for his word to unfold. But if I just heal my vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory, he'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start live inside this house of clay and mold me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let's just pray together. Lord Jesus, that's truly our heart's desire here this evening. Father, we've not come to be seen or to be heard even, but Lord, we've came to gather around you the revealed word that you would change us into the very image of your dear son. So as we would come to this juncture of the service, Father, we would just lay ourselves before you confessing that there's no good thing within us that is within our flesh, Lord, and that you would come and just supernaturally anoint both the speaker and the hearer, that your divine purpose for this service would be accomplished here this evening. We just commit ourselves to you with thanksgiving and we ask that you would come and have the preeminence in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you this evening. Uh, if you have your Bibles, we're going to go to Revelation chapter 6, Revelation 6, beginning with verse 12. This is the scripture as it relates to the sixth seal. And I'd like to take a topic this evening of applying the sixth seal to the gentile individual. And this will be a part one because obviously you're not going to do all of that in one service. But we at least want to take a little chisel and see what kind of nuggets that we can dig into here on a Wednesday evening and just go as the Lord leads then. But let's read this scripture. Revelation 6 verse 12 says, "And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and lo, there was a great earthquake, and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood, and the stars of heaven fell into the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind. And the heaven departed as a scroll, when it is rolled together, and every mountain and every island were moved out of their places. And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondsmen, and every free man hid themselves in the dens, and the rocks of the mountains, and said to the mountains and rocks, "Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb. For the great day of his wrath is come, and who shall be able to stand?" God bless you as you would have your seats this evening. So applying the sixth seal to the gentile individual and a subtitle here. The topic that we want to focus on is Shiloh. And you'll understand that a little bit better here in a minute. But I find me personally, you don't have to be of this same opinion, but when it comes to the seals, they're obviously extremely interesting. Um, this is what brother Brandon would say was his regular commission, which part of me finds hysterical that the seven seals could be somebody's regular commission. But nonetheless, it was. this was his purpose is I'll say his primary purpose for his ministry. Um but as I look at the seals in relation to the gentile individual I won't say that it's easy but it's fairly easy as you go through 1 through 4 to apply that to the gentile church because it directly overlaps the church ages. But when you come to the fifth, sixth, and seventh seal, things can get a little bit fuzzy of how does this apply to me as a gentile? Because the fifth seal, he's talking about souls under the altar, which he reveals as the Jews that were treat that were killed during the Holocaust. But then he comes to the end of that fifth seal and he says, "I've got one little bitty thing to tell you here if you can handle it." Amen. And he drops in there that not only are those souls under the altar, but there's another part of the altar that their souls under. And they're both in the sixth dimension. And the reason that these souls that these uh souls under the martyr's altar are crying out, Lord, how long? How long? Is they've seen that sixth dimension empty out and those theophanes leave. So it ties it ties directly to the gentile individual. But he spends I've not done the math on it, but I'm going to say 80 to 85% of the time ministering on that seal talking about the Jews under the altar. So if you're just taking it shallowly minded andformational wise, you're going to miss the principle under it, the mystery under it. Same thing when it comes to the sixth seal. I find that same thing happening and also in the seventh seal. But just something that stirred in my heart um when I was listening to this sixth seal again and some things started to open. And one of the the principles that's just really stirred in my heart is as we listen and read and study the message we have to keep at the forefront of our minds that brother Brandham is a gentile prophet. And we know this, this is not a news flash, but this gentile prophet starts talking about other things and other classes of people. And we can very easily just think that he's talking about these other classes of people and these other things, these other parables that he's using. And we forget, or maybe it goes to the back part of our mind, that this is a gentile prophet. sent to the Gentiles. So regardless of what class of people that he's talking about or what parable that he's relaying, a gentile prophet is a spiritual prophet and he is relaying spiritual principles. Amen. Amen. And if we can hold that at the forefront of our mind, I think at least for me, it's helped things open up a little bit is to remember not to maybe get lost in the information, but understand this is a gentile prophet sent to me and he's relaying spiritual principles. In the first seal, brother Brandham says, "I believe that through these seven thunders will will be revealed in the last days in order to get the bride together for rapturing faith." Because what we got right now, we wouldn't be able to do it. We know the seven thunders is and are the preaching of the seven seals. The seven thunders are the revelation of what the seals were. And he says that this is directly tied to rapturing faith. So I think it would probably behoove behoove us if this is his regular commission that this is directly tied to rapturing faith for the gentile church and this is a gentile prophet preaching to gentile people to a gentile bride. Even though that we've probably read these things dozens and dozens of times, it probably would behoove us to circle back and read them again every once in a while. Amen. Because by per chance there's something we've missed. Amen. He says we've got to go a step further. We can't have enough faith for divine healing. Harley, we have we've got to have enough faith to be changed in a moment and to be swept up out of this earth. In the third seal, he says the bride hasn't had a revival yet. There's been no revival there, no manifestation of God to stir the bride yet. We're looking for it now. It'll take those seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up again. Again, this is a very profound statement. If I would make this statement that the bride has not had a revival yet, that wouldn't necessarily mean anything. But let's look at his min ministry prior to this statement being made and what God had been doing for years. the supernatural and the miracle and the literal worldwide revival following his ministry. And he would come and say, "The bride's not been touched yet. There's nothing been to wake her up yet." Amen. I find that to be very profound. I wonder just out of curiosity now that the seals have been opened and the thunders have been revealed. I wonder if we're not looking for something that transpired prior to the seals as a revival. Just think for a second. What if that was still going on day in and day out, night in and night out? That worldwide supernatural healing campaign and the discernment. How many of us would be stuck on that? I'm not faulting anybody for that. I would probably probably be one of them. Yeah. But when a when this man would come and make that kind of statement that you can have that day in and day out for years and that will not quicken the bride. Amen. That's a big statement. It's a big statement. So I think it behooves us if that won't quicken the bride, let's focus on what will quicken the bride. Let's reexamine what will quicken the bride. The sixth seal beginning begins with a prayer. And this is where I'm drawing my context from. He says, "Let's bow our heads just a moment now." And he says,"Lord, we are again gathering in for the service, and we think of the time in the early days when they all came up to Shiloh for the blessings of the Lord." This is the second sentence in the sixth seal. I've read it dozens and dozens and dozens of times and not one time has it crossed my mind to ask the question when this gentile prophet is standing here getting ready to be used of God to break the sixth seal. Why is he thinking about the Jews at Shiloh? But I finally did. Let's go to Joshua chapter 18. Joshua chapter 18. So when Shiloh is mentioned in the Bible, the first time Shiloh is ever mentioned in the Bible is in Genesis 49:10, I believe. And it's a prophecy going forth of Jesus coming. And that was a scriptural name given to him, title given to him of when Shiloh comes. But as far as an actual location, as brother Brandham's referring to it here, that all of Israel assembled together at Shiloh. As far as an actual location, the first time that it's ever mentioned in the in the scriptures is here in Joshua 18. And beginning in verse one, Joshua 18, beginning in verse one. And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them. Now you stick your finger in your Bible and close it. You can't read any further. Shiloh was the location that the tabernacle was first set up after they had crossed Jordan. Inside the tabernacle was the ark of the covenant. What was in the ark of the covenant? The word. Amen. Amen. Here's a gentile prophet coming to break the sixth seal and the second sentence in as we come to this time now, Lord, tonight. I'm thinking of when the Jews gathered together at Shiloh. Amen. This is what we would call in our day and age a clue. Amen. Now, before we dig farther into Joshua 18, there's a couple things that I want to touch on. You don't have to turn there. I'll just read this to you. 1 Corinthians 10:11. Paul speaking says, speaking of the things that happened to the Jews and to Israel. Now, all these things happened unto them for an example. I want to read it again. All these things happened to them, referring to Israel, for an example, and they are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. Do you believe that you are one of whom the ends of the world has come? Do you believe that there are things written in here regarding Israel? Paul, who I would declare is a pretty good authority, says everything that is written in here concerning Israel was written for us in this last age for our admonition. Amen. In the church age book, Brother Brandham says, "Now according to the word of God, the bride was chosen before the foundation of the world. This choosing of the bride was purposed in himself. Ephesians 1:9 and in Romans 9:11 it says that the purpose of God according to election might stand. You can't read it any other way. The heart purpose, the eternal purpose of God was to take a bride of his own choosing. And that purpose was in himself and being eternal was decreed before the foundation of the world. This now answers why everything that happened to Israel that was written in the scripture is for us because the whole purpose I won't say whole purpose the heart purpose main purpose of God was to choose his own bride a gentile bride so he would write he would allow generations thousands thousands of years, thousands of years to transpire. Real people, real lives, real hardships, real blessings. He would allow this nation of Israel to go through a a vast array of things so that he could write it in a book that we could read about it. And Paul would come along and say, "Oh, by the way, all of those things happened to them so that it could be written down for you in the last stage to learn from." Amen. Brother Brandon would come and enforce this and say that the reason this is the reason that God compiled all of that, the reason that God was doing all of this was because at the end of the day in his heart, his main focus and his main purpose was to call a bride, a gentile bride of his own choosing. You say, "Well, that's pretty discriminatory." Maybe, but I'm not one to judge. And furthermore, if I was to judge, I think I got the fair end of the deal, so I'm happy with it. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Brother Brandham says he is the principal theme of the entire Bible. If you read the Bible and don't see Christ in every verse of it, go back and read it again. If you can't see Christ in every verse of the vi the Bible, then read it again because you've missed something. Further uh emphasizing even if it's writing about Abraham, it's about you. Amen. If it's writing about Jacob, it's about you. Amen. If it's writing about the nation of Israel, guess what? It's about you. And he says, if you don't see that, you said, "Well, he said if if you missed Christ, Yes. But we're far enough down the road to now now to realize Christ is both male and female. So if we read those scriptures and we don't see Christ in every verse, we've got to go back and see what we've missed. Amen. Continuing in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. says it's to an individual, one person. All hell is against this teaching. All hell is against this truth. But it is the truth. Jesus never said, "Now Peter, you and John, and all the rest of the people, you've got the revelation. Now the whole church is saved." No, it was to him personally. Amen. Amen. I say unto thee, thee, not them, to thee. There it is. the revelation not to not to them but to him an individual not a group an individual. All hell is against it. That's right. All hell is against what? Christ to the individual. Amen. All hell is against what? You seeing Christ in every verse and every line. Amen. All hell is against what? You recognizing Christ is both male and female and he's in every verse and in every line. And it applies directly to you. Yeah, all hell is against that indivi that revelation. Brother Brandham says at the very end of the church age book, this is the last paragraph. He says, "Now for one moment, not for one moment, do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and man, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with his spirit and live according to his word. You talk about putting things under a microscope. Look at everything that God did during this man's ministry. And he says, "I only have one focus, one purpose, one intent, and that is to see the relationship between God and man restored." Amen. Amen. So if we study and learn and it doesn't restore a spiritual relationship between God and man, we've missed the purpose. Amen. Regardless of what information we're getting, although it would be good, no doubt, the purpose of all of the information that we've been disseminated, the purpose of that is so that you would recognize Christ is in you. Amen. That you would have a spiritual relationship with God himself. Amen. Now in order to have a proper spiritual relationship you must first have a proper spiritual identity. Amen. Because you can have a relationship and it not be the right relationship. Amen. But he is here to restore. He says to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men. So if this gentile prophet is trying to restore me as a gentile individual to a true spiritual relationship between God and men, I have to have my position revealed to me so that I know what relationship to speak. Now this is a very very simple principle, but it's extremely important. And I think that if we would take some time and think about it, we've probably seen people get in the wrong position with the relationship with God. But you just take this in a carnal aspect. I want to have a relationship with my daughter, but if my daughter decides one day that she wants to be William instead of Priscilla, like the relationship's not going to go too smooth. If William decides one day he wants to act like Priscilla instead of William, he wants to be a daughter instead of a son, we're going to have an issue. Amen. I love my nieces and nephews, but if my niece or my neph if my niece would decide that their position is now my wife, we've got a big problem. If my wife decides her relationship to me to to me should now be grandmother, I would maybe like that, but it's not going to work out too good when it comes to taking care of the kids. We laugh because this is a very very very simple principle. Very simple principle. But it is so relevant and so important that when this major gentile prophet would stand on the scene to fulfill his regular commission, the first thing he would do is he would say, "Now I'm going to call you bride. Amen. So that you'll stand a chance of understanding. Well, what did he change us from? He changed us from church, right? From church to bride. You say, "Well, not much difference." Big difference. Big difference. But what we would look at and say is a small difference makes all of the difference. Amen. of catching the revelation and not catching the revelation. So the first thing that has to be established is what is your proper position in relation to God so that you can have the proper relationship with God so that you know how to act towards God and how you shouldn't act towards God. Amen. The Jews can act towards God in one way that we can't. The Gentiles can act one way to God that the Jews can't. The Jews are the servants. The Gentile is the bride. Amen. If you have a servant in your house and they start acting like your bride, it's going to cause issues. Amen. Especially if you're already married. And if you're not married, the church people are going to be asking some questions. Why is this servant acting like your wife? Such a simple principle but makes the world of difference. Okay, you can open your Bibles back to uh Joshua now. Now, we want to hold this in our mind, these very basic principles as we go through this. Joshua 18, we'll just read verse one again. And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them. And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes which had not yet received their inheritance. Why seven, I ask? That's strange. Why didn't it split half and half? Six had already got it. Six hadn't. I mean, they just crossed Jordan. Why didn't half of them get it over there and half of them get it here? Why seven? And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, how long are ye slack to go to possess the land wherein the Lord which the Lord God of your fathers hath given you? Give out from among you three men for each tribe, and I will send them, and they shall rise and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them, and they shall come again to me. And they shall divide it unto seven parts. Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in the coast on the north. Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the Lord our God. But the Levites have no part among you. For the priesthood of the Lord is their inheritance. And Gad and Reuben and the half-tribe of Manasseh have received their inher inheritance beyond Jordan on the east which Moses the servant of God servant of the Lord gave them. And the men arose and went away. And Joshua charged them that went to describe the land, saying, "Go and walk through the land, and describe it, and come again to me, that I may hear, cast lots for you before the Lord in Shiloh." And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities unto seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua, to the host of Shiloh. And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord. And there Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their divisions. Now, as you read through this, I don't think that the writer has a stuttering problem here, and I don't think the writer is trying to be redundant. But look how many times it says that she'll divide it into seven parts. And when you describe the land, do it in seven parts. And here's something really interesting in verse 9. When you do that, write these seven things, these seven parts, write them in a book. So now we have a sevenpart book in in chapter 18 of Joshua, which the prophet just seemed strange to think about. Amen. When he was coming to preach the sixth seal. Amen. Verse 10. And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord, and there Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their divisions. Why is it that our prophet would think of Shiloh when he's standing here getting ready to preach the six seal? Why is that? Why is it when we go and look at Shiloh in the Bible that there's seven tribes who haven't received their inheritance? And these seven tribes come back to their prophet with a seven sealed book. What's going on here? Maybe something similar to what's about to transpire in 1963 in Indiana. This to me was actually pretty amazing because I don't know how many years ago this was. Thousands of years ago and I'm pretty sure these people had no clue what they were doing as it related to me. That's right. But it didn't change the fact that God saw fit to only give five of them an inheritance before they came over Jordan so that seven of them would be left so that he could write that seven in there as a clue to me that whatever is going on in this chapter that your gentile prophet just referred back to Shiloh is maybe the same thing that your gentile prophet's getting ready to do. Maybe this is a repeat of a prophet standing before a people with a sevensealed book getting ready to divide to them their portion of that book. It makes the sermon that he preached at the very beginning of this ring really true. God hiding himself in simplicity and revealing himself in the same. Amen. But how many times have we been guilty because of our education in this culture and in this age of just looking at the information and looking right over what God is doing in simplicity. But thankfully by his grace he'll come and he'll prick prick our conscience. Amenise God. Couple things that I want to point out here. If there are seven tribes left that have not received their inheritance on this side of Jordan. That means there were five tribes that got left on the other side of Jordan. Five we know as it relates to us as individuals is our senses. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. Spiritually speaking, where we're going behind this prophet, five senses are not going to work. Amen. It's going to take something else. It's going to take something else. But we know anytime that we see these numbers pop up in the Old Testament, these fives and these sevens and these threes, there's a good chance there's a principle laying there for the gentile church. Amen. If we'll just pay attention to it. I'm not a numerologist, so I can't get into all of that. I don't have the capacity to get into that, but I just know enough through the prophet's teaching that when we see those numbers pop up, even in the Old Testament, we probably want to read it twice and make sure we're not missing Christ in every verse and every line. In paradox, Brother Brandham says, "It was about 3:00 in the morning. I suppose looked like I was standing on the map of Palestine." He's speaking of a vision that he had and seemed like I could hear the song, I'm going down to Jordan. Somebody was singing it. And as I drew near to the River Jordan, I looked back and seen which way I'd come. And I was about 2third of the way to Jordan. And I looked across Jordan and I said, "Oh, praise God." Just on the other side is where all the promises lay. Every promise lays in the promised land. This is at the very beginning of the message paradox. At the very very end of the message paradox, even after all of the prayer line and after all of the discernment, paragraph, excuse me, 3:11, he says, "Now you see what coming down to Jordan meant." Referring back to the vision. He says, "Now you see what coming down to Jordan meant." Them visions have never failed. They can't fail because they come from God. I believe it with all that is within me. We're not the hireling that will run back into the wilderness. will cross Jordan, the separation. God, break to us the seals that's on the back of the book. Amen. Let us enter into this great place. Now, for Joshua divided to the people their inheritance that God had left for them. Here's the astounding part of this to me. This was in December of 1961. Amen. December of 1961, Brother Brandham knows what crossing Jordan means. He knows it's in relation to going into the promised land, which is the seals on the back part of the book, as it relates to the gentile bride being placed in the word their land properly. Yeah. In so much that he quotes and says, "This is the same thing. This represents the same thing that Joshua did in chapter 18. Amen. To do that in 196 December of 1961, this is even before sers. What time is it? That is astounding to me. Amen. There is no doubt in my mind when you read through the message and you see these things pop up. I have another one here that I found last yesterday. I'm not going to get into, but it just blew my mind. When you see these things pop up like this, Brother Brandham in everything that was going on in his ministry and around him knew this was his purpose on earth. Everything hinged on this to be able to come to the point to stand and preach the seals for the gentile bride. Amen. So the question is if these parallel each other and these represent the same actions going on, what did our gentile prophet break to us? Because Joshua broke a natural land. I think we would all agree with that. They were naturally positioned in a natural land. As a spiritual people, the Gentiles, we've got to be spiritually placed in a spiritual land. So as it relates to this sixth seal, how did that transpire to us and what portion of the land was given to us? Because when you look at the sixth seal just on the surface and brother Brandham even says in the seventh seal that the sixth seal had a three-fold the sixth seal had a three-fold purpose and that was to revealed that the purged church had to go through the tribulation that the 144,000 uh had to be called by the two prophets and purged and the earth had to be purged. He says nothing about the gentile church. If you read the scripture again that we just read at the beginning of the service in Revelation, you do not see the gentile church in there. You see you see tribulation on the earth. You see mighty men calling for rocks to fall on them. Um, and you see the great day of the wrath of the Lord. As the bride of Jesus Christ, we're spared from that. So, you don't see that on the surface. So, the question is, where is it? Where is it? If this is the same thing going on, we're going to pick up at paragraph 284 in the sixth seal. And I'm not saying that's the best place to pick up, but like I had to pick a starting point. So, Brother Brandon, this is paragraph 284. He's probably a little over halfway through the sixth seal now. He's preached on the purged church being separate from the bride and how that they have to go through the tribulation. He's preached on the 144,000 being called by the two prophets and he's actually right at the tail end of that. And he's preached on the earth going through her purging period. But he comes here to 284 and he says these two prophets look what they're going to do now. Third verse of the 11th chapter of the book of Revelation. And I will give power unto my two witnesses. And they shall prophesy 1,23 score days clothed in sackcloth. They are the two these are the two olive trees and the two candlesticks that stand before the God of earth of the earth. And if any man hurt them, fire proceedth out of their mouth. Remember, out of the mouth of Christ came the sword, the word. So he's talking about what these two prophets are going to do to the 144,000. And as he's talking about that here, paragraph 284, he he changes a little gear. And as he's talking about those two prophets, he says, "Remember, out of the mouth of Christ came the sword, the word." He was just talking about how these two prophets had fire come out of their mouth and that's what devoured their enemies. So he lays this in here real quick and then he keeps going to devour their enemies. And if any man shall hurt them, he must in this manner be killed. Now we know the fire in the 19th chapter of the coming of Christ preceded his sword from his mouth which was the word. Now we know the fire is his first statement. Period. And he stops and then he says in the 19th chapter of the coming of Christ preceded his sword from his mouth. He's directly tying this fire that's proceeding from these two prophets mouth to the sword that is that proceeds from the mouth of Christ. In chapter 19 of the book of Revelation, he says, "Oh, if you'll get this material now for that seal tomorrow night." This is again what we would call a clue because remember the task that brother Brandham has as he's preaching this stick these seals is the most difficult task of all. He has to say in such a way that there's enough there for the gentile bride to catch the revelation, but he's forbidden by God to tell it plainly. Amen. What a task. So what does he do? He does what Christ did. He lays it in there in parables. He'll lay it in there in a sentence or two and then he'll talk about something else. Amen. He says, "Oh, if you'll get this material now for that seal tomorrow night, the seal for tomorrow night's the seventh seal, which we know is the coming of Christ, which we know is what I say which we know." That's maybe you don't know. If you don't know, that's okay. It's just a phrase that I say a lot. We've been taught that brother Brandham this whole week was trained to get people to see the seventh seal. He says, "I'm hoping that when we get to that last night, that last that I don't just have to come out and hold it out to where you can see it and show you." So, here he is again in the sixth seal saying, "If you want to catch what I'm going to preach tomorrow night, catch what I'm saying right now. Because what I'm saying right now, I'm laying in here in parable. I'm laying in here. I'm laying a little nugget right here because when I get to tomorrow night, I can't just plainly tell you. I'm forbidden. And by the way, this is what's been going on all week. He says, "If you'll get this material now for that seal tomorrow night, see the word is the thing that God slays his enemy by." He says, "When these prophets are prophesying, if any man harms them, fire proceeds from their mouth." Holy Ghost fire, the word these Moses and Elijah is not going to show up to the 144,000 like a breathing dragon. Right. Amen. What's going to come out of their mouth? Amen. The word. Amen. What's always came out of a prophet's mouth? Amen. the word. Why would it change now? Why would God need to change his tactics now when it's undefeated? That's right. Why would God need to change his tactics with his gentile prophet when it's undefeated? Amen. We know now the fire, Holy Ghost fire, the word, the word is God. And just so that there's no dispute, the word is fire. Amen. So now, oh my. So now we see these two prophets in chapter 11 and we see Christ in chapter 19. And we have a authority on the earth that can say what's coming out of one person's mouth is the same thing that's coming out of the other person's mouth. Even if one says fire and one says sword, it's both the word. Amen. Amen. Look at Moses. Let's see what come from his mouth. Egypt was mistreating these Jews. God put the word in Moses's mouth. See, it's God's thoughts going into Moses's heart. Catch this because remember he's not just talking about Moses and Egypt. It's God's thoughts going into Moses's heart. He goes over now to express it. Then it becomes the word. He stretched forth his hand and said, "Let there be flies." And here come flies. Right before this, Brother Brandham says, "Catch this material now if you want to know what's going to happen tomorrow night." Amen. God's thoughts came into a prophet's heart and he spoke them. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know what's wonderful about that is that's only the second phase of the seventh seal because he says, "Then it became the word." Amen. Amen. So, you have God's thoughts coming into a prophet's heart. That prophet turns around and speaks those thoughts. But that's just the spoken word. But that spoken word now becomes a creation just like it did in Egypt. Just like it did when the when brother Brandon preached the seals. That word just didn't go out. That's right. Yeah. and return void to God. That word went out after God's thoughts projected into a prophet's heart. Brother Brandham said the first pull of that the first fold of that seventh seal was the preaching of the thunders. So the preaching of the thunders was him catching the thoughts of God and speaking those out. He did not elaborate on what the second fold and the third fold was, but he said he clearly saw them. Amen. Praise God. But when you go to Christ is the mystery of God revealed re is revealed. He preaches that this seventh seal was in three folds. And he tells us the first fold was Christ being revealed, Christ being revealed in his bride, and then them going back to Eden. Now this is just me. You take this for what it's worth, it may not be worth anything. But remember, Brother Brandham cannot come out and plainly tell us what's going on. He's forbidden by God. He has learned this lesson the hard way. Remember, he's not going to do this again. But he comes at the end of the seventh seal and tells us the first fold of that seventh seal is when the thunders were preached. Now compare that to Christ is the mystery of God revealed. What he says the first fold is Christ expressing himself. Amen. That was God expressing himself. Amen. But that's not the manifestation as we just saw here. There is God expressing himself. But now something has to be done with that expression. Let me say it this way. Somebody has to catch that expression. Amen. Somebody has to catch it and believe this is God expressing himself to me. And then there can be a restoration to the garden of Eden. Amen. So if we if we track what he's saying in the seventh seal and what he's saying in Christ is the mystery of God revealed and there's clearly three folds to this seventh seal. We have the first fold declared emphatically that it's the preaching of the thunders. He doesn't emphasize the second fold and the third fold during the preaching of the seventh seal, but he does in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And he clearly tells us that that second fold is God manifesting himself in a bride. Amen. Amen. How's God going to manifest himself in a bride if he hasn't first preached the thunders? Because the bride can't even have a revival until these truths are made known. Amen. But what was the purpose of the thunders? Rapturing faith back to the garden. Amen. And brother Brandham says, "I stood here. I stood there and I clearly watched it and I saw it." Yes, sir. Amen. But what's the one thing that nobody's allowed to know? The day nor the hour. Yeah. That we go back to the garden. Amen. But he said Christ didn't say you couldn't know the year, the month, and the week. That's just me. You take it for what it's worth. But I think it aligns with the message. I think it aligns with the scriptures. And remember, he's forbidden to come right out and declare these things to us. We've got to get under the same anointing that he was under. And we've got to see what he was seeing in the word once we've been positionally placed to understand correctly. We know the seventh seal was the revelation was the event that was going on during the preaching of the thunders. It was the coming of Christ in word form. It was the I think we will agree. It was the full expression of Christ. Which is what brother Brandon was trained to teach us. And Christ is the mystery of God revealed. They're one and the same. They're directly linked together. Each one of them has three folds. And he describes each one of those folds. That's a whole another topic in itself. I probably shouldn't even have got into it tonight, but just look at it. Study it. Look at what he's saying. Look at where he's trying to guide us to. And remember during everything that he's saying and everything that he's doing, he only has one intent and one purpose. And that is to re-establish the spiritual relationship between God and man. We as Gentiles, as the Gentile bride, he's trying to establish the spiritual relationship between the Gentile bride and Christ. Moving on, he says, "Let there be flies and here come flies." Paragraph 303, he says, "There it is. That's it." They opened that sixth seal. Watch them. If any man hurt them, fire proceedth out of their mouth. The word. So now he's re-emphasizing this same thing that's coming out of their mouth. It says fire, but it's really the sword. It says sword, but it's really fire. It says fire and it says sword, but it's really the word. Amen. The Holy Ghost came upon the apostles. You see, fire proceeded out of their mouth. Notice now in Revelation 19, we see the same thing. And a great sword proceeded from his mouth. Word. See Christ coming. And he slayed his enemies with it. Now he's on his road. Watch him now. So during this preaching of the sixth seal, he comes and he preaches the information that lays in the scripture. Chapter 6, what did we read here? Chapter 6 verse 12-1 17. He comes and he dwells on that information and he reveals that information. And I'm not saying that's not important. Um, it it certainly is, but that doesn't directly appi apply to the Gentile bride. When you're reading through that, it's to the Jews, to the purged church, and to the earth. Again, not saying those aren't important. I'm just saying, I've been positionally identified now and positionally placed as the gentile bride. How does this seal apply to me? But now we get down to the end of it and he starts he starts repeatedly bringing up Revelation chapter 19 and he's saying and he says the same thing that we see happening with those prophets that are to the Jews. Same thing in chapter 19. There's word going forth from Christ's mouth. There's word going forth. There's word going forth. There's word going forth. Let's read chapter 19. Revelation. Let's do verse 11. Revelation 19:1. And I saw heaven opened, and behold, a white horse. And he that sat upon him was called faithful and true. And in righteousness he doth judge and make war. His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns. And he had a name written that no man knew but he himself. And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood. And his name is called the Word of God. Amen. And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses clothed in fine linen, white and clean. How does this sixth seal apply to me? Is because Christ is going forth with a sword coming out of his mouth, with fire coming out of his mouth. And the scripture that the prophet now pulls to draw comparison to includes armies that are following Christ. Amen. Other people that are following Christ. Other people who are following this one who has fire coming out of his mouth. Other people who are following this one who has a sword coming out of his mouth. Amen. And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword that it should smite the nations, and he shall rule them with a rod of iron. And he treadth the wir to the fear fierceness and wrath of almighty God. And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, King of kings and lord of lords. Why at the end of the sixth seal when brother Brandham has went through and he's preached the information why does he start constantly bringing up Revelation chapter 19 this he brings this up at the end and at the beginning he was thinking about Shiloh Shiloh where a prophet you know the scripture says God speaking says that I'm going to give you that land. God told Israel, I'm going to give you that land. But who actually gave the land to Israel? God or Joshua? We know the answer is yes. See the principle he's laying down. He mentions that at the beginning of this sixth seal. He says, "Catch this material so that you'll understand what's going on tomorrow night." He comes to the end of the sixth seal. And he starts talking about Christ coming with the same example word coming out of his mouth. And oh, by the way, in this chapter 19, there's a group of people following that person that has word coming out of out of his mouth. So we know that this is in chapter 19. This is a spiritual word coming of Christ to the gentile church to the gentile bride. A spiritual word coming to the gentile bride. But how does he come? Did we see Jesus on a white horse with a sword sticking out of his mouth cutting bands off of a book that tied up seven seals to give us our proper identity and rapturing faith? Or did we see a gentile prophet catch the mind of God in his heart speak it over a people who would then jump on their horses and follow it as believers of that we so often put chapter chapter 19 as a future coming of Christ. And I won't dispute that there will be a physical coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're not here to dispute that. We're not here to argue that. We believe that. Amen. But that's not how he came already. Amen. And that's not what he's doing right now. right now. It's a group of people that will follow a word coming of Christ. This mystery is loosed and it's spoken about under this sixth seal. Not to be interesting, but as he said earlier, this is directly tied to rapturing faith. Because if we can't see ourselves in that position right now in the army of God, following the word of God, Amen. fighting demonic forces with words that come out of our mouth or lives that we live right now. How do we think that we're going to have rapturing faith for a physical rapture? Amen. To finish the last part of the seventh seal, to finish the last part of Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Amen. We have to stay in position. We have to stay in line and we have to accept his coming as he chose to come. Amen. I don't think this is a foreign topic to us. But no doubt there's some here that's never heard this before. And no doubt there's some here that maybe haven't viewed it in this light. And maybe there are some here that haven't given this the significance that it needs to be given. When we read that sixth seal and think that it doesn't apply to us as Gentiles, it very much applies to us as Gentiles because the principle that is loosed under there, remember this is a gentile prophet. I'm not saying he can't care about the Jews and that he can't care about the earth, but quite frankly, he has no authority to the Jews. In fact, God told him not to go to the Jews. Anything that he is speaking about most likely has a spiritual principle for the gentile bride attached to it. And if we can catch that, then we can fulfill our part of the scripture. Because Revelation chapter 19 is just not about Christ returning in the form of a prophet to speak words. That's part of it. That's the first fold. But there's another fold of a people who will believe that and flesh that out. Amen. He says in the third seal, so here he comes now. These dignitaries speaking about the first coming of Christ. these dignitaries come now and they were so on their substitute sacrifice. He says, "Why now if the Messiah comes, he'll certainly come to Caiaphasis. He'll come to our denominations. He'll come to the Pharisees, the Sadducees. But when he come, it was strange. He will come all very contrary to what they thought. But he came according to the word." And they didn't know the word. Let me say that so it'll sink way down. That's what's the matter with you today. See, you don't know the word. Jesus said you can discern the face of the skies, but the signs of the times you can't discern. We have Moses. They said, he said, "If you would have known Moses, you would have kned me." They didn't know Moses. Therefore, they didn't know. They just knew a creed that they had hatched out. Yeah. I pray that we'll never find ourselves in this situation. that Christ will come the way that he said he would come and that we'll look at him and say we knew brother Brandham was a prophet and him reply if you would have recognized what kind of prophet he was right and who came in that form if you would have really known him you would know me because those were not his thoughts that he was speaking those were my thoughts those were not his words that he was speaking those were my words And that was just not him riding a white horse following me. That was all of you riding a white horse following me. If you would have really caught him and recognized him and his purpose, you would know me. I thank God that he's extended that grace to us that we're just not following some creed that we've hatched out, but that we're a living, breathing, literal army of God. You say, "Well, I don't have a white horse." Catch the revelation. What power are you riding on in your daily life? The horse is a power. It represents a power. What power is carrying you on your daily life as you fight the good fight? As you stand for the gospel, what are you riding on? The revealed word. Nothing else. In the first seal, we're coming to a close if you'll hang with me just for a couple more minutes. In the first seal, he said, "And Jesus said, he that overcomes the antichrist and all the things of the world shall sit with me on my throne, as I have overcome and sit down on my father's throne." Now someday he rises from the father's throne and goes to take his own throne. Now he comes forth to call his subjects. How is he going to claim them? He's already got the book of redemption in his hand. Skipping to paragraph 160. He's left the father's throne to take his own throne. He now has come forth from his intercess intercessory work to claim his own throne. His redeemed subjects. Amen. He doesn't leave it to our interpretation. He doesn't even leave it to argument. Amen. Christ, he says, is leaving the father's throne. coming to his own throne. His redeemed subjects. I accept that revelation. I thank God for that revelation. You say, "Well, does that mean nobody else can be saved?" Listen, the revelation is to an individual. Amen. Meaning there can be one in the bed who has the revelation that Christ has taken his proper place on my heart because I am his redeemed subject and he is on the throne of my heart. And there can be another in the field who says I don't see anybody coming. I haven't heard anything. There can be one at the mill grinding. You understand? Amen. The same can be true for the gentile bride. Christ has left the intercessory seat for me. Amen. Because he's came came and he's claimed me. There may be somebody walking that door in five minutes that Christ has got to still be on the inter intercessory seat in their lives. Amen. And that is perfectly fine. Amen. Amen. Amen. But there'll be a day after he's interceded for them and they've come to the recognition of their sacrifice and accepted it, he's going to move off of his intercessory seat and claim them by moving onto the throne of their heart. Amen. Praise God. Let's not get bogged down on where is it? Where? It's like we Oh, mercy. It's like we think God has to be in a box and we got to move him from one place. No, no. We're a gentile people, a spiritual relationship. He can be in many different manifestations and capacities and offices re depending on what individual he's dealing with. That's right. Amen. Amen. But I thank God that as of 1963, the opportunity for him to move from just an intercessor and my savior to my bridegroom. Amen. To my husband, to my redeemer, that opportunity came into existence in 1963. Amen. I don't know how many people caught it then. I'm willing to bet it was a few. Yeah. Right. But I'm also willing to bet there's a lot more who've caught it since then. Amen. Amen. And that by no means means that somebody else can't catch the revelation of him being their intercessor. It's still available. Amen. So long as one of his children needs him to be an intercessor, he's still an intercessor on the throne. Praise God. But as time winds down and dispensation changes, there's going to come a point in time that each of his children, his elect bride, comes to the recognition, I'm just not a sinner saved by grace. I am a sinner saved by grace, but I'm not just a sinner saved by grace. Amen. I was actually in his mind before the foundation of the world. He has actually left his father's throne and came and sat on my throne. And now I live my daily life riding on this power following this one who has fire and word and a sword coming out of his mouth. Amen. Very familiar quote. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Now you see the seals when he's in his mediatorial work back there redeeming. But someday he comes forth to get this book that he's redeemed. And all that's in the book would be him. For that's the believer. the words in the book. The question is what words? Because this is a big book. What words are you? Amen. If you're the believer and you're the words in the book, he also called you the New Testament. That's all. That's right. Amen. If you're the believer and you're the words in the book, what words are you? I say all of them. Amen. Amen. But I say very specifically Revelation 19:14, I am in his army and I am following that word in my daily life. That's the mystery to the gentile bride underneath that sixth seal. Musicians, if you'll come, I'm going to relay one more nugget that I found in this sixth seal before we close. because I think it's relevant and I'm doing really good on time. At least half of you agree with that. in paragraph 64 or 69 69 of the sixth seal at the very very beginning right after he talks about Shiloh he moves down to paragraph 69 and he says I think of a little story if I'm not taking too much of your time now in this preliminary I do this for a purpose until I until I feel the spirit just right to start meaning to start preaching on the actual seal. I think of a little story. There was a little girl in the west and a man had fell in love with her. It's an odd story to be talking about during the judgment seal. We know this story very, very familiar. So, I'm not going to take the time to go through all of it. You know what I find astounding about this is at the beginning of this story, there's a man that shows up on a horse and he asks a girl, "What's your name?" And then he says, "Do you know why I'm really here?" And then he reveals to her why he's really there. This will never get old to me, saints. Amen. This will never get old to me. By grace, he reveals to her why he's really there to get a bride. Amen. And then he proposes to her and there's an agreement and he says, "I'm leaving and I'll be back." You know what's really odd about this story is what this man is riding when he comes back. The same thing the man's riding in chapter 19 of the book of Revelation, a horse. But Brother Brandon was just going to tell us this little story and we hopefully had time for it. God hiding himself in simplicity, revealing himself in the same. Brother Brandham says at the end of this message, if you'll go ahead and play something, please at the end of the sixth seal. I'm sorry. At as I finish this, I want to go back to the beginning of the sixth seal and I want to read the entire prayer that we started out on as our pastor would come. He says, 'Lord, we are again gathering in for the service and we think of the time in the early days when they all came up to Shiloh for the blessings of the Lord. We've expounded upon that. We know what he's referring to now. We understand this is the same thing that's about to transpire this night. But he continues and he says, "And now tonight, we have assembled here to hear your word. And as we have been studying in this certain portion of the scripture that the lamb was the only one that could open the seals or to loose them. And we pray that tonight as we have under consideration this great sixth seal. We pray heavenly father that the lamb will open up open it to us tonight that we are here to understand it. And when no man on earth or in heaven was sufficient only the lamb was found sufficient. So may the allsufficient one come and open the seal for us tonight. Here's the purpose. That we might just look past a curtain of time. [Music] You see what jams us up about seeing ourselves properly in chapter [Music] 19 on a horse in the army of God right behind Jesus Christ with the word coming out of his mouth. What makes that difficult is because we're stuck in time and we want to put that in the future. But he's saying if you'll come and you'll loose this seal to us and you will reveal the only one that can do it. If you'll come and you'll break this seal to us tonight, it will give us the ability to look past the curtain of time. And what happens? You remember brother Simon was speaking on this. What happens when you look past the curtain of time? You can see where you come from. You can see where you're going, and you can see where you're at. And by default, when you can see where you come from, and when you can see where you're going, and you can see where you're at according to the revealed word of God, by default, you know who you are. As we would stand this evening, by default, there's no more questioning. What part of the book am I? Where am I in the book? If I'm in the book, where am I at? You say, "Well, why is that important?" Because we're not called just to be saved, saints. We're called to be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, with rapturing faith. And our prophet said, "We cannot do it without the principles that were spoken to us under these seals." But with the spiritual principles that were spoken to us under the loosing of these seals, it will not only tell us who we are, but it will tell us where we're at in time. And when you know who you are and where you're at in time, you're prepared for rapturing faith. Rapturing faith is not just knowing who you are. You have to have both. You have to know who you are and that it's the appropriate time. Remember, that's the part the prophet couldn't see. He couldn't declare that part to us, the time, because no man can know the day nor the hour. But I believe if we will keep proceeding in his word behind the one who's got the word coming out of his mouth, who has revealed to us who we are, I think he'll take care of the time issue. He'll reveal to us Yeah. when it's time. Amen. Let's pray together. Precious Lord Jesus, we just thank you for this opportunity that we've had to come this evening and to speak about this great truth that you've so graciously given to us, Lord. Father, we've went slow this evening. We've went methodically on purpose, Lord. And I just pray that you would take these words that you've given to us, Lord, and that you would give us the proper understanding and placement of them, Lord. Father, if I've said anything out of context or that would be confusing, I pray that you would just come and with your hand in the balm of Gilead, that you would just make the wrinkles smooth and the rough places flat. that you would just bring a proper understanding, Lord Jesus, to the teaching. Father, we stand here as a grateful people. We stand here as a people like no other people to know who we are and where we're at in time. Lord, may we ever be grateful for that revelation. We just want to commit ourselves to you this evening with the word, Lord, that it would come and that it would have its desired effect on our lives, Lord. That we may leave here as our prophet said, that we may leave here simply better Christians for you, Lord, to serve you. We ask these favors in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. [Music] and let the word live in me, dear Lord. Show me [Music] myself within thy word. Show me myself and show me my savior and let the book live. Let the book live. [Music] Let the book live in me. Let the word live. Let your word live in me, dear Lord. [Music] Show me myself within thy word. Show me my self and show me my savior and let the word live. Let the word live. Let the word live in me. Amen. You want the word to live in you. We want to be the manifestation of that word in this hour. Amen. We want to be the throne. Our hearts want to be the throne that God can dwell on and living reality in me. You look at this army that's that's out. Christ is defeating all his enemies and the armies of heaven are with him. And surely we're going to be part of his great army. We're part of the army now. But we're not fighting any physical battle, any physical What's the enemy that he's fighting? False teaching, false doctrine, false understanding, a misunderstanding of God. And guess what? We're fighting that battle, too. But how do we fight it? With a sword in our hand and by No, we fight that battle. Brother Brandham taught us. Amen. Even before the seals, we fight that battle with real sweet consecrated lives. That's the thunder that shakes the enemy. How to what shakes the enemy? When Christ is on our throne and his life lives through us with everything he taught us and everything he preached becomes a living reality in us. That's this message. That's this seventh seal. That's the whole mystery now alive. Thank God. I want it to be real. Brother Ben was taking us on a journey a little deeper. He wasn't taking away from the physical realities of what will come, but he's showing us the spir spiritual realities of what's here. It's here now. Amen. The spiritual is taking place now. The natural is going to follow. There will be a return to an Eden condition. There will be a millennium on earth. There will be a Jesus Christ on the throne of David. But he's on the throne of his subjects now. Amen. And there's a marriage union now with husband and wife. Amen. And those are the things that are real to us now. And that gives us overcoming power today. Oh, I pray that it becomes more and more real to us. The spiritual reality becomes the reality. Amen. God bless you. And we're going to be dismissed. We just want to remind you of uh the Murray family coming in. just be in prayer for them and prayer for the service coming up on Sunday. We also have a youth meeting on Sunday and that'll be at brother Benjamin and Sister Amanda's. We changed the time. Amen. Cuz there's an open house and uh uh for 50th anniversary for a couple couples here in the church. So that'll delay some things. So the time will be from 6 to 10 uh on Sunday. Let's just bow our heads and thank God. Lord Jesus, we want to thank you God for bringing us Lord from the natural to the supernatural to the spiritual. And God, may this truth become the only reality to us where we can deny, Lord, the flesh and the carnality and the things of the flesh and focus our attention on the reality that lies within the work that you're doing in us and through us. Lord, the hour that we've come to, the manifestation that you're calling for. God, you told your prophet, he went to Ezekiel and showed us that this mighty army was coming on her feet. But Lord, there was going to be another wind of prophecy move in the fourth stage of the restoration. And she was going to be a mighty marching army marching to Zion. Oh God, how we want to be that army for you, Lord. We want to be restored, the church restored, the resurrected church, the word back alive in bride form again. Where you're dwelling, where you're leading us, Lord, into battle. Not a battle of swords and of sticks and of guns, but a a battle of spiritual truth, fighting the darkness of the lies that the enemy has spread, the Antichrist spirit. God, let our lives reflect this truth. And let it let it be the thunder that shakes the devil. Lord, we want to give ourselves Aresh to you. May you sit on the throne of our lives. Claim us, Lord, in your claiming ministry. For you've come to claim each one of us back to yourself. That we might be vessels that you can work through, Lord. That we might be this army, Lord, that's maring out, marching out victorious through this land. Not conquered by the lies of the enemy, not the deceptions of the darkness, but by the revelation of the hour that's opened our eyes, by the Isab that's taken all the darkness away. so that we can see, God, what great victory we have in this hour. God, I pray you make these things more of a reality to us day by day. May they become the only things that matter to us. We love you. We thank you, God. Thank you for our brother Benjamin. We pray that you would restore his strength, that you would bless him, refresh him, and give him more revelation. Lord, God, I pray you bless us as we part. May we go out of here encouraged, Lord, that there's so much going on, so much more going on in our lives than maybe we even realize sometimes. There's so much that matters every day in our life and and your plan is being worked and it's manifesting. God, make it more of a reality to us. We pray as we go in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And God bless you all. like key of F. Well, I'm resting on the finished work of Jesus Christ today. All circumstances will be gone. The word of God will still remain. No sickness, fear, no guilt or sin can have control and worry me. The keys of faith are in my hands and I am bound for victory. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. A great commission from my Lord I have now received. Prince of power of the air will never have a pardon me as amateur creator. I can change the atmosphere around. I use the chain of circumstance for any spirits to be bound. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free covered by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. [Music] I know that Jesus the highest is the same today. The prophet came to show the light. The bride must have it on display. The hour has come for Christ in us to be completely glorified. I want the spirit to be free to do the gater works in me. I am free. My day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. I am free, covered by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. I know that Jesus I know that Jesus is the I am he is the same today. The prophet came to show the light. The bride must have it on display. The hour has come for Christ in us to be completely glorified. I want the spirit to be free to do the gater works in me. I am free. My new day has come. Now I can be who I truly am. Oh I am free. Covered by his blood. All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God. All things All things are possible with God. All things are possible with God.
