################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - 250709 - Chad Lamb We Must Will To Do His Will Listening for His Voice - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    250709 - Chad Lamb: We Must Will To Do His Will: Listening for His Voice
Speaker:  Chad Lamb
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXWKzw4IwbU
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Every day with Jesus, it's sweeter than the day before. Oh, every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. More Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Yes. Every day with Jesus, it's sweeter than the day before. Oh, every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. for Jesus saves and he keeps me. He's the one I'm waiting for. [Music] Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Oh, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Oh, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. And I've got joy like fountain. I've got joy. Oh, I've got joy like fountain in my soul. Oh, I've got joy like a fountain. I've got Oh, I've got joy like fountain in my soul. And I've got love like an ocean. I've got love like the ocean. I've got love like an ocean in my soul. Oh, I've got love like an ocean. I've got love like an ocean. I've got love like an ocean in my I've got peace. Oh, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. Peace like a river in my soul. Oh, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Oh, seeking a refuge for my soul when I was needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I? Oh, sing that chorus again. Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? He be the refuge for my soul when I was needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go? Oh, one more time. Oh, tell me where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Be a refuge for my soul. Oh, was needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh. Oh, he's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. [Music] And I place my life in his hand. [Music] I place my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I know see through. [Music] I place my life in his hand. And he knows what I need. And my father knows what I need. Oh, my father knows what I need. [Music] And everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. He's got it all and he's got it all in control. Oh. Oh, he's got it all in control. Put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. Let's just stand together and we'll say, "He's got my life. I place my life in his hand. Oh, I place my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, oh you'll see me through. [Music] I place my life in his hand. Amen. As brother Chad comes tonight, let's just sing this song. We are so blessed. Amen. We are so blessed by the gifts from your hand. Oh, I just can't understand how you loved us so much. We are so blessed. Oh, we just can't find a way for the words that can say. Thank you, Lord, for your touch. When we're empty, you fill us till we overflow. When we're hungry, you feed us and cause us to know we are so blessed. Take what we have to bring. Take it all, everything. Lord, we love you so much. We are so blessed by the gifts from your hands. I just can't understand why you love us so much. We are so blessed. Can't find a way for the words that can say thank you Lord for your sing verse two. We are so blessed by the things you have done. By the victories we won, you brought us through. We are so blessed. Take what we have to bring. Oh, take it all. Everything, Lord, we bring it to you. Amen. Let's bow our heads this evening together. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful, Lord, that we can be here tonight. For God, we're so privileged, Lord, that you have gathered us once again. May we always view it as a privilege, Lord, as an opportunity, as a blessing. May we come with the right attitude, Lord, for you told us that's the right approach and the right approach is how we receive from you, Lord. May we come excited with anticipation in our hearts for you to feed us something from your word, some portion that will give us sustaining strength, something that will build us up, Lord, and help us to in our journey of life. God, I pray you take this vessel of mine under your control, Lord. And may I just yield and you take over for God, I long to hear from you as well, Lord. And I pray you just use this voice and use this gift inside this vessel for your glory. And God, may we leave here having grown, having gained, having benefited by your word. And Lord, and may we go forth, Lord, as shining lights in this world. We love you and we ask your blessing upon all we say and do. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Man, God bless you all this evening. If you'd like to take your Bibles and turn with me to Matthew uh chapter 26. Amen. Uh while you're turning there, I just want to say it's been good to have brother Aaron Lang here from Germany visiting. He's been with us for 3 weeks, but he goes home tomorrow. So, God bless you, Aaron. May the Lord give you a safe journey home. And please take greetings back to the church, to brother Andreas and the whole church there in Germany and to your family as well. Amen. the longer people to stay, the more attached we get to them, you know, and that's the way it goes. But, um, may the Lord bless him. I also wanted to let you know that Sunday evening at the communion service, the congregation confirmed Brother Aaron Low is our trustee. So, he's our newest trustee. And so, I text him that evening to let him know the results of the vote. And he he told me, he said, "Brother Chad, if there's anything I can do to help, let me know." I said, "Your first task is to get the foul odor out of the sanctuary." So, I figure if he can make that one work, he can he he's good. So, might as well start with the hardest one. And and related to that, the farmer called and talked to brother Dean Hatfield this week. I think it was Monday, and apologized. And so, that was nice of him. He didn't have to do that, but he apologized. He never meant for it to be that fresh. And so apparently quite a few of the neighbors had called and filed complaints and uh had grievances and even called I think the EPA, but but nobody here. We didn't complain at all. So I think he appreciated that. And so thank you guys for not complaining and uh so but it was nice of him. We just pray the Lord will bless him for being thoughtful and kind. Amen. He's been a good neighbor. Been a very good neighbor. Amen. So while we're standing, before we're seated, let's look here at Matthew chapter 26. Matthew chap 26 and verse 39. Matthew 26 and39. This is Jesus in the garden of Gethsemane. It says, "And he went a little farther and fell on his face and prayed, saying, Oh my father, if it be possible to let this cup pass from me, nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt." And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What could you not watch with me one hour? Watch and pray that you enter not into temptation, that the spirit, the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak. He went away again a second time and prayed, saying,"Oh my father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done." And he came, and he found them asleep again, for their eyes were heavy. And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words. Then cometh he to his disciples, and said unto them, "Sleep on now, and take your rest. Behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. Rise, let us be going. Behold, he is at hand that doth betray me. May God bless you as you take your seats. May God bless us as we look into his word and bless the reading of his word. Amen. If we could pull up the first slide there, brother Franco on the PowerPoint. Uh I wanted to take a subject we must will to do his will and a subtitle of listening for his voice. And uh there was something that brother uh null had said uh brother null Johnson had said on Sunday that you have to will to do God's will. And and he made an emphasis of that and it stuck out to me and I wanted to look at it and I wanted to minister on it. And so I've pulled that out and I just want to talk about that and a couple aspects of that as we move on this evening because I found it to be really important when we see Jesus in Gethsemane in in Gethsemane. He's here wrestling uh with himself. He he's wrestling this out and he's asking God if there's any other way, if there's another way. Uh uh he says in verse 39, "Father, if it's possible, let this cup pass from me. Nevertheless, nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt. Jesus knew what was coming to him. He knew the trial that laid ahead. He could have ran away and hid. He could have taken off for another territory. He could have gone to Galilee. He could have hid out. But no, he stayed put in Jerusalem and he went to the garden and he knew it was about to happen. And here he's wrestling it out. Amen. Because God God is not going to do anything contrary to his will. He's got to wrestle and submit his will to the will of the father. And brother Benham explains to this to us because, you know, as null was saying, Jesus was completely man and completely God, but there's a complete man's side with his own will and he was he was wrestling his will. And brother Benham said when he came to the great battle of Gethsemane, would he take the sins of the world upon his shoulders or would he stay with his disciples what he wanted to do? So now he's got this the decision to make and now he's surrendering his will to the will of the father and he set us a tremendous example that you have to will to do God's will. Amen. So it was God's will that he go to Calvary and he's wrestling this out father if there's any other way. Then he comes over into verse 42 and he said oh my father if this cup may not pass away from me except I drink it thy will be done. He had surrendered his will to the father's will and we must will to do his will. Amen. Praise God. So I want to look at this a little bit. Uh brother Bam says in the message leadership sometime in life we have to confront the thing just like this young man did. He's speaking of the rich young ruler in the Bible because you are a mortal being and you are given the opportunity of choice. You have a choice. God made it so you can choose. If he put Adam and Eve on free moral agency that they could choose and then they made the wrong choice. And see, he can do no more to you than he did to them. He's got to put you the same thing so you can choose or reject. And so as we as we move along, we're going to find out that God always lays before us a choice. And many choices in life, God's constantly laying choices out before us. and and and and and we can choose because God has a brother Bam says in choosing of a bride there's an unlit unwritten law of choosing that's before us that God gave us free moral agency and we can choose you all could choose whether you come to church tonight or don't come to church tonight that's a choice you can choose whether whether you know whether you're a little tired or you have something else going on or or or or whether it's worth the sacrifice or whether you want to be diligent to the word of God that says forsake out the gathering together or there's something else that came up. Amen. And you had a choice to make and you all chose to be here. It wasn't mandatory. It wasn't forced and nobody came to your house and picked you up and drugg you here. You made a choice. But but you you exercised will over your will to do the will of God. And that's why I believe God will have something for you because we have to will to do his will. So there's choices all over the place. But it started all the way in the Garden of Eden. They had to choose whether they would stay with the word or whether they would leave the word. And they were given the right to make that choice. In Revelation chapter 4, the message, Revelation chapter 4, brother says, "Now to this gate, there's only one one gate that's called self-will." And he's talking about the gate to your soul, the innermost part of you. That gate to your soul is self-will. You're the boss of what goes in there. Amen. You never heard Brother Bam say, you know, God's a gentleman. God's not forcing anything. God's leading. God's drawing. God's not forcing. And again, in the same message, he said, "How did it self-will?" Why will you call that self-will, brother Brandon? Because it puts a man and woman back again just like Adam and Eve at the Garden of Eden. On what? The two trees. Self-will. This one is death. This one is life. Self-will. Free moral agency. God placed the first man, Adam and Eve, right there on free moral agency. He placed you the same place. And the only way that you can get this thing fixed in here is your own self-will. Hallelujah. Your self-will. You have to will to do God's will. You have to get rid of your own will to let God's will come in. For this is the only channel that leads to the heart. Remember he said this is the gate, self-will. So what is the gate that leads to your soul that leads to the innermost? It's your own self-will. You have to will to do God's will and you have to get rid of your own will to let God's will come in because our own will is a barrier sometimes to God's will. Our own desire and our own wants and our own will is a barrier to God's will because God is not forcing himself upon us because God is a gentleman. Amen. And God has left free moral agency intact. Amen. Our will sometimes becomes a barrier to God's will. It'll never stop God's will. God's will will be done. But within ourselves, right? We have to open the gate of self-will and get rid of our will so that God's will come in for this is the only channel that leads to the heart. Oh, you can join church. You Baptist and Presbyterians and you Methodist and Pilgrim Holiness can come to sanctification. But you have to will to do God's will, self-will, to let the Holy Spirit come in here to bring forth these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall lay their hands on the sick or take up deadly things and so forth. These signs shall follow them that has let their will become my will and the works that I do shall they do also. I hope you don't miss it. There's a will to do God's will. You see what I mean? So, you see where where brother null got this statement from. Amen. Brother Ben makes it several times here in this message. And and even in the receiving of the Holy Ghost, you've got to surrender your will to receive God's will because it's God's will for you to have the new birth. It's God's will for you to be filled with his spirit. But we've got to get rid of our will and by our own will open up and let him come in and have dominion and have his way and and let his way become king and lord of our life. His way to be our way. Amen. We have to want it. Amen. We have to desire it. Amen. If we don't want it and desire it, and we have something in the self-will that's not wanting to give complete control over to God and get rid of our own selves and let him have preeminence, if there's something there, some selfish desire, some want of self, it's going to be a hindrance to the new birth. It's going to hold back the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but it's going to have to take a complete selling out and saying, "God, I don't want any of my own life. I don't want any of my own ideas. I don't want anything of myself. I just want your will to be done inside of me. That's the that's the channel to the heart. That's the gate to the heart. And when you can open the heart that way, Amen. Brother Bam said God wants to fill you more than you want to be filled. In fact, brother Bam said, "If you take a I can't remember the dimensions because I didn't look it up, but a pipe so many inches around, you take it from here out into space somewhere and you fill it with water, the pressure at the bottom of that pipe is would would re uh would I don't know, demonstrate to you, that's a good word, the desire how much God wants to pour himself into his children." Amen. But if we still want what we want more than God's will, we're keeping the gate closed. So, we've got to align our will with his will or sub submit our will to his will. And we have to will to let him have his will and then we open the gate. And God desires to fill us. It's not it's not complicated. It's a matter of opening the gate. You know, the scripture says uh and we quote it all the time uh in Acts chapter 2, repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Whenever I baptize somebody, I talk to them about this gift of the Holy Ghost. Because a gift is something that's given to you and it's it didn't come because of merit. That's right. If I I tell people when whenever I baptize them, I said, "Have you ever had a birthday?" You know, most everybody's had a birthday. Have you ever got a birthday present? Yeah. Well, somebody will come to your house or or or bring it to work or to church or or to to to your party. Amen. And they bring a gift and they put your name on it. It's got a pretty package and a bow on it and they set it on a table somewhere. Amen. And that gift is for you. Amen. It's given for you by virtue of you having a birthday. It's an expression of love from one person to another. Amen. But that gift won't do you any good until you take the gift and open the package and receive the gift. And if you if you obey God's word and you repent, you turn from your way and turn to the word of God. Amen. Turn to Jesus Christ and and and you repent and you're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. But God is a gentleman and God is not forcing his way in the gate. There's got to be somebody on the other side to receive the gift that he's presenting in this age. There got to be somebody who says, "God, I don't want anything else but you." I don't want my own way in any other matter. I want your way in all my matters. And that that is the path. Here's what brother said. That's the only channel that leads to the heart. Amen. He it says here in this message, he says, "Sir, in this case, the latch is on the inside." He's referring to that painting where Jesus is standing at the door knocking and and the critic begins to criticize and he says, "But you missed one thing." And he says, "There's no latch on the outside. Jesus can't get in." And brother Rem says, "Sir, in this case, the latch is on the inside. The one that's on the inside has to open. He cannot open from the outside. He cannot save you against your will. He cannot heal you against your will. He cannot send a revival against your will. You've got to be willing and open the door and invite him in. Oh, praise God. What's so exciting about this is this is exactly what we want. Amen. That's right. Amen. In Philippians 2, I want to uh look at this scripture for a moment. It's interesting to me. Philippians 2:12 says, "Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." This is so interesting to me. Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. That's like something that you need to do. For it is God which workketh in you both the will and do of his good pleasure. That's something he's doing. Is that right? We have to work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. We've got to come to God. We've got to wrestle this flesh into submission. We've got to go through our Gethsemane. We got to surrender everything to him. We got to receive God, receive the the life of God. And it's God now in us which workketh both the will and the do of his good pleasure. It's the work of God within us. But we've got to open the way. Amen. In the Patmas vision, brother says, "Thus when they were filled with the Holy Ghost, they ceased from their worldly works, their worldly doings, their evil ways. The Holy Ghost took charge of their lives. They entered into rest. There is your rest. That is your Sabbath. It is not a day nor a year, but the eternity of being filled with the filled and blessed in the Holy Spirit. It's you ceasing and God doing. It is God in you willing and doing of his good pleasure. But the Bible says labor to enter into that rest. Amen. But when you enter into that rest, it's not you doing. It's him doing because you open the channel to his will and say, "God, I don't want my way anymore. If I want my way, then I've got to perform my way. I've got to have some sort of strength or ability or stamina to do my will. But when I surrender my will to his will, then he comes in and works his will through me. And then now it's his energy, his stamina, his life because it's his will. And he will he will provide everything that's necessary to perform his will if we'll just will to do his will. Amen. Praise God. In the message of prisoner, he says, "Now we're all born a free moral agent to make any decision that we wish to. God justly does that because he must put every man on the same basis or he put the wrong man. He put the first man on the wrong basis that he put on free moral agency. See, we're just exactly tonight like Adam and Eve. There's no difference, right or wrong sets before either one of us. Life and death. We can make our choice up to you to make it. See, that's the way Adam and Eve did. And and see, and they made the wrong choice. And now by that put the whole race of human race under death, the penalty of death. And then God came down in the form of man and took that death and paid the penalty of death. That his subjects his subjects that desired to be free could go free. Now if he took us without the same way that he did Adam and Eve and just pulled us through something, said, "I'll save you whether you want to whether you want saved or not," then he put Adam and Eve on the wrong basis. You see? But each one of us has to choose this day between death and life, we can do it. As I just expressed, if your light, if your life will prove exactly what side you're on, I don't care what side you say you're on. What you do every day proves what you are. You've heard the old saying, your life is so loud, I can't hear your testimony. See, your actions is so loud. So, brother B is showing us here that we're put on the same basis of Adam and Eve and they were put on free moral agency. Amen. That they they knew what the will of God was because the they knew the word of God and now they had to give their will to do the will of God. And when they willed something else, they broke the harmony. They broke the unity. Amen. So, so God is showing us we're on the same basis. And when you look at it, we are on the same basis. Brother Rem says, 'You've come to the same place Adam and Eve come. And we'll get to this quote a little bit later. He said, 'You can't blame them now. And now it's on us. Now we have the opportunity to make our choice. And in the Garden of Eden, there were two trees. One was life and one was death. But in us are two natures. We've been born again. The nature of the outer man and the nature of God. And we have a will to determine which one we're going to let reign, which one we're going to let have their way. So, we've come to the same place. In heaven, they had a choice between two covering cherubs, Lucifer and Michael, which one they would listen to. Even the angels made a choice. Amen. Amen. In the garden, they make a choice. And now we're making a choice. And I want to stay with the word. In Deuteronomy 30:19, it says, "I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life that both thou and thy seed may live." Here, when they come in the Exodus journey, they're going to come to the promised land. He says, "I've set here's my word. I've set before you life and death. Now you choose." He didn't force them to keep their word. And how do we know he didn't force them? because they kept leaving his word. They kept falling into chaos. It wasn't a forced thing. It was an invitation to come. Come come into the land and live a clean life. Come into the land. Live a holy life. Live a separated life. And I will bless you and you will you won't need you won't need walls around your cities. I will be everything to you if you'll just submit your will to my will. But we watched Israel fail in that again and again and again and again. Amen. But he he set before them the choice and they made the choice. And in Joshua 24, he says, "And if it seemed evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you dwell. But as for me in my house, we will serve the Lord." Joshua made his choice. Amen. Now, now uh uh uh Moses is gone and Joshua is now talking to the people and once again he brings them back to this choice. Hey, you know this message is a choice. Amen. Everything that the prophet taught us is a choice because God's never stripped away free moral agency. Amen. We can live any way you want. Amen. You can you can do anything you want. You can go out tonight and you can leave this sanctuary and you can drive anywhere you want to. You can go home and go to bed and get up early and go to work. You can drive to any place and he establishes them at the o open and buy anything. You can do whatever you want. God has not limited us in that way because God wants a people that will that'll that'll want his will above everything else. And he doesn't do it by force or coercion. He does it by free moral agency because that's what God's looking for. He loved us. He's looking for somebody to love him back. And that's the opportunity we have with every choice that we make. We have the opportunity to love him back. We have the opportunity to open the channel for him to come in and work his will in our lives. And I thank God for it. I thank God. And there's many hard things that we have to face in life. And sometimes we come to hard decisions that we have to face. Some things that really cost us or hurt us or or are or different times in life that we really make a cha the choice the choice we make we know has repercussions. There's many times in life we make a choice and when we first come to the message that was a choice and that choice had repercussions. It brought separation. It brought rejection. It brought many things. Amen. But we were glad to give our will to his will and make that choice to surrender everything for him. And it's been a blessing. Amen. And when we come to these choices now, what happens is the outer man starts fighting back. Yes. He starts fighting back. Amen. But there's something on the inside. There's something down deep. There's something that's not our brains. Amen. There's something beyond that. And it's that little seed of life down on the inside. And it's responding to something. And it and it and it's responding to the will of God. It's responding to the word of God. But the outside man goes into chaos whenever we come to these junctions in life. Amen. Jesus was a perfect born man. Amen. He was born without sin, without flaw. Virgin born. and he comes to this Y in the road and he's agonizing over the decision he's got to make because there's a part of him that wants to stay with the ones that he loves that wants to stay as a man and fellowship with the with his disciples. But there's just something else in him that's moving him to go on to give himself as a sacrifice to redeem lost man. And he has to surrender this will to this will. Amen. We come to places like that and it may not have the consequences that it had there in that day in Gethsemane, but we come to places where we've got to make decisions. Amen. And God sometimes God doesn't make it easy. I'd say many times he doesn't make it easy. And the war goes on inside and our mind starts in this. And and and whenever you come across something like this, if it's a trial or a hard decision or something you have to do, h a decision you have to make for the word that you know has got repercussions. Our mind, our human mind is always at all cost trying to avoid pain. First response, avoid pain. So I that's why you can't trust your mind and you can't trust your emotional realm. You can't trust the outer man because the first thing that outer man wants to do is avoid any kind of pain. If this is going to hurt then then the outer man says no all right off the top. No way. Is that right? That's that's why it's so hard to get the outer man to exercise when he needs to exercise to eat right when he needs to eat right. Amen. If it's going to cause any kind of discomfort or pain, the outer man says, "No way, Jose." Is that right? Do we all live in flesh or do we not live in flesh? So, so the first thing we always face is this avoidance. No, avoid anything that's painful. Amen. And second thing we do is our brains are so good at deceiving ourselves and we try we try to ignore the situation or find some excuse for why it's not relevant. We don't have to make a decision. It's amazing the the the games your mind will play with you. Even brother Brandham was dealing with this and standing in the gap. and standing in the gap, he was dealing with this hurtful situation where he was hurt by the rejection of the people and he was wanting to run up to northern British Columbia and get away from the pain. And he this this this mind battle started this this game in his mind where he started coming up with religious reasons for why he was a prophet. And prophets don't mingle with the people, but the prophets are out by themselves. They get a word of the Lord and they stomp back in. And that's just what I'll do. I'll go up there and help Bud Safway. And when God speaks to me, I'll march down and deliver the message and I'll go right back. And then, Brother Brandham, when God starts to expose that in him, he gets real for a minute and he says, "Now, I said that, but really I wanted to hunter fish for my own good. His his own treacherous heart wanted to avoid pain and knew that the outer man loved to hunt and fish. So the so the the the mind worked out a deal. Hey, listen. We are not If the prophet wasn't exempt from this, there's no way in the world we're exempt from this. And the mind's always working on a deal. Now listen, you know, you just you just need some time alone with God. Don't go back to fellowship. That's where all the pain is. Don't go make that decision. You know they'll reject you. Don't go say that to your co-workers. You know you're going to have all this. you just need to do this that or the other and always avoids pain and then starts this mental game and will even oh my goodness I I the the the devil brother Beam said the devil cannot read your mind but he can put thoughts in your mind and all of a sudden you get all these religious reasons and using religion as a cloak for actually what's going on in your treacherous heart. Brother Brandham was been given he was be given a cloak a religious cloak for what really he wanted to get away from the pain and run away from the thing that was hurtful and the rejection and he wanted to go hunting fish and God just come down and started working on him and he admitted it all and exposed it all and surrendered himself to the will of God and went right back with what God's will and God blessed him for it and blessed us for it. And so our our human side will always try to avoid pain and all of a sudden there's this avoidance of pain and then there's all and when we when we when we know we've got to face it, all of a sudden we start coming up with all these excuses either to delay it or or or some religious reason for doing it our own way. Amen. But I I want to come back to where Jesus was in Gethsemane. Father, if this is your will, if this is your word, then so be it unto me. Amen. I've found in myself that the greatest amount of suffering I've ever suffered in any trial has been the suffering in my mind trying to avoid the trial. The mental anguish and battle, wrestling this out, finding another way, trying not to. But really, when I just resolve myself to this is the way it is and you just start walking forward in it, embrace it as what God has for you, it's amazing how much easier it is to do anything God wills you to do when your will matches his will. And it's amazing how complicated life is when you get these things disjointed. I say, God, if this is what you want for me, this is what I want for me, too. and then allow God, amen, to work through the channel that's open to him. So, we just we just heard this past last quote. The life your life will prove exactly what side you're on. I don't care what side you say you're on. What you do every day proves what you are. Then we come to this quote in Satan's Eden. And he says, "Satan has succeeded in perverting and taking over this world and making it his kingdom." That man was put on by free moral agency to choose for themselves what kind of life they desired. And that shows what's in your heart. See, you know what? Your actions speak so loud it drowns your voice. Let me go to a man and say, I we're uh we're all Christians. We belong to church. And strip teases hanging all over his office. It would make no difference what he told me. I would know better. So would you. Let a woman say she's a Christian with short hair. You know better than that. See? Yes, sir. Let her say she's a Christian wearing paint and makeup and shorts and say she's a Christian. You know better than that. The word of God teaches you better than that. The word says she can't do it and be a Christian. She's she is even dishonorable in everything. How is God going to put a dishonorable thing in his kingdom? No sir. Not at all. No sir. theirelves. They show their desire. Amen. And and that's what Cain did. Cain showed his desire. Showed the desire that was in his heart. Because even when he was given an opportunity, Amen. He couldn't take the opportunity God gave him just to do as his brother did. Amen. It it his choice showed what was in his heart. His choice for sacrifice showed what was in his heart. Abel's choice showed what was in his heart. And what was in Abel's heart? a revelation from God and a will to obey his will. So when I read this quote, I read where it said that the life you live daily shows what you are and your actions prove and all of these things. And then I got to thinking, but what about my mistakes? Because just as soon as I start going down that line where brother says, your actions prove what you are, what you show, but but sometimes I have the wrong actions. Sometimes I don't always get it right. I I I do things that are wrong. I do things that I shouldn't have done. I do things that I'm ashamed of doing. I do things that aren't according to the word. And and I have to repent and I have to make it right. And so I wanted to address that while we're here on this because the life we live shows what's in our heart without a doubt. What we do shows what desires on the inside what we're living for. But there's but we don't live a perfect life. So I just want to address that for a minute. And oneness, brother BM says, we know we make mistakes, but you mustn't look at that. It's not your mistakes because you're always going to have them. But you see, it's following his rules, following what he said, do stumble and falling doesn't have one thing to do with it. A real true servant, if he'll stumble, he'll get up again. If he wobbles, God pulls him right back in the path as long as he's in the path of duty. But if he's off the path of duty, God's not obligated to him. But as long as he's in the path of duty, God's obligated to him, knowing that he's just a man or a woman. You can will to do the will of God. You can open that channel. You can have a desire and your life can be showing what your desire is. And you can still make a mistake off the word wrong, completely wrong. Amen. But God's not looking at that one thing. He's looking at what the desire is in your heart and what you're attempting to do. Brother Brandham shows us we we've got so many examples through the life of a prophet that help us in our life. Now, and in the message total deliverance, he starts telling the story of of when he lies to the lawyer. You remember that? And brother Bam lies to the lawyer. What kind of life was he living? Where was his will? I believe he had a will to do the will of God. I believe with all my heart and God was working through me. He was a channel that God could work through. But he was just a man. He was a human being prone to failures like you and I are human beings prone to failures. And listen, the mistakes that we make, the real mistakes that we make, it doesn't determine what we are. What what what happens after the mistake determines what we are in total deliverance. Brother Beam tells this story like this. Uh he said he said he was talking to the congregation about that he lied and he said I caused my wife to lie and I believe I told you about it here at the church. It happened about 6 weeks ago. I said I couldn't stand another evening. Uh uh oh no I'm sorry. He said first the phone rang. It was a private number phone uh phone number rang and me went to answer the phone. She put her hand over it and said, "It's them attorneys again." And I said, "I couldn't stand another evening. My head feels like it's going off. I'm losing my mind just pulling me this way and that way and this." I said, "I can't stand it." And I jumped up and I said, "Tell them I'm not here." And I run around behind the house. When I come back, meet me is very conscientious of those things. She met me at the door half crying. She said, "Bill, was that the right thing to do? You know, you know how you are. This is brother Ram saying, "You know how you are." He said, "I know how I am." I said, "Sure." I wasn't in here right then. And this is the statement that got me. I knew God had condemned me for it. He knew he was wrong. He knew he had done wrong. When his wife said that, "Hey, listen. I don't know how many times my wife or one of my kids or somebody else says just ask a question and I know immediately I'm dead wrong." But I'll say whatever, you know, comes to my no whatever. I got to go. Bye. Amen. Cuz we're human beings. Amen. And now, Brother Benham, he wants it to be okay. But already there's something down inside that he knows that he's wrong. But it's all this on the outside, all this in the mind and all this in the emotional realm that's keeping that little voice quiet, making do that it's okay. And I knew God had condemned me for it. I said, I and I said, I wasn't in here right then. She said, "But you wasn't here when he made the call." That afternoon, I went to pray for a sick baby, and before I left the house, the phone rang again, and little Joseph run over and took a hold of the phone and said, "Daddy, you want me to tell him that you're not here?" You see how sin corrupts? What a family that would finally be. What a family that would finally be. He says first John the 5th chapter 21st verse said if our hearts condemn us not then we have confidence in God but if our hearts condemn us how we can how can we have confidence in God we know as long as we got sin that's not confessed he'll never hear us that's strong but it's the church needs these things then I started to pray for this baby and I went and I started to lay my hands on him and the Lord rebuked me and said you told a lie and you ain't fit to pray for that baby. And brother tells us, he runs from there. He tells the man what happened and he runs and he apologized to the attorney, apologized to his wife. Amen. He goes out to to to try to go to the woods to pray to make it right with God and to repent. And then he makes this statement a little bit later. He says in his prayer to God, he said, "I didn't mean to do that. My head just felt like it was coming off. I was so nervous and I'd done it in a catch of a moment when Satan caught me. I said, 'If you'd forgive me, let me see you then, Lord. And God brought him the token evidence of his forgiveness. And the brother Benham was blessed. But you see what happened? Brother Benham said, "I was nervous and I done it in a catch of a moment when Satan caught me. I'm so glad he told us these things because I've been caught in a catch of a moment before. I've been caught all nervous and tied up in my mind and say something, don't even know why you said it or do something, don't even know why you do it. And you react to a situation. Amen. And and almost always it's this old outer man trying to save itself. Save itself from suffering. Save itself from whatever. Amen. It's usually this old outer man trying to save itself. Amen. And that's what brother Brandon was going through. Amen. But but the thing that got me is he knew that he was condemned when his wife asked him the question, but he tried to go on. But when God spoke to him and brought it to his face, amen, that man wasn't dodging it anymore. When God brought it right to his face, amen, he repented. Amen. That's a son of God. That's a man who will lay down his will for God's will. It doesn't mean you won't ever make a mistake and you and I won't ever get things wrong and we won't get caught in a catch of a moment and we won't have all the same things that other human beings have. But when God brings it to our face, there's something inside of us says, "God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, God." And we'll we'll we will bring our will subject to his will. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. So thankful God has people on the earth today that will do that. Amen. So it's not just making a mistake. You remember uh I read here just a few weeks ago the interview of Sister Bruce. I pulled it up. Sister Bruce was struggling because of her mistakes. And she said, Sister Bruce says, "I make so many mistakes and I fail so many times." Does anybody ever felt, don't raise your hand, but anybody feel that way? Amen. And this is this is brother Bram's answer to her. That's why Christ had to die so that you with your mistakes wouldn't be lauded to you. See, he took your mistakes. Your desire in your heart is to serve him. And sister Bruce says, "Yes." All right. That's what he died for so you could serve him. See, not your mistakes are not looked not lauded to you. He's your propitiation. He's your sin offering. Your sins are not known. You're not a sinner before God. Christ took your sins and became you because your desire is to serve him. Is your desire to serve him? Is your desire to lay your will down for his will? Amen. You don't get it 100%. I don't get it 100% but nothing changes that desire. Sometimes I get tripped up in a nervous condition when I get all stumbled around. But that never changes what's in the depths of my soul. I want God's way to be my way every day of my life. I want him to have his way in me. I don't want to fail. I don't want to make mistakes. I don't want to make the wrong decision. I don't want to go the wrong way. I don't want to bring a reproach against his name. But I do all of that. Yes, sir. But that's the reason he died because he knows we're just human beings. So, we got to quit looking at every failure and start looking at what's the desire of our life and what are we living for. Amen. And say, God, if I got off the trail, bring me back on the trail. If I made a mistake, bring me back, God. Bring it to my face. Speak to my heart, Lord, that I can repent and lay this will down for your will. That's what we want, friends. It's what I want. Amen. I want to look at I want to look at another mistake that was made in the Bible. I want to look at David in Acts 13 22. Uh it says, "And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king, to whom also he gave testimony. He said, I have found David, the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfill all my will." This is God's description of David. David is a man after my own heart, which shall fulfill all my will. But David didn't always get it right. But God saw him as a man after his own heart, which shall fulfill all my will. God wasn't looking at the part that that committed adultery. He was looking at something else inside. Amen. God was going to make an atonement for that. But he was looking at a son. Amen. He was looking at a man after his own heart which shall fulfill all his will. And God knew when he chose him that he would have mistakes. Here's one that I find interesting. In 1 Chronicles 21, it says, "And Satan stood up against Israel and provoked David to number Israel." But in 2 Samuel 26 it says, "And again the anger of the Lord was kindled against Israel and he moved David against him to say go number Israel and Judah." Now it was forbidden for them to take a census of the soldiers. God says, "I'm your portion. I'm enough for you. I will always fight for you and give you enough. You're not there to go take and count numbers." And and even uh even Joab, the captain of the host, when he sent to do it, rebuked him and said, "Don't do that." But he did it anyways. And we know that God moved him to do it. How did God move him to do it? Satan stood up against Israel and provoked David. This was a temptation from the devil that God allowed. And he did so because the anger of the Lord was kindled against Israel. He wasn't mad at David. He was mad at Israel. But David was the king of Israel. So God allowed this temptation to come and God worked it out. And David fell. David did something contrary to the will of God. to the word of God. Amen. He went and numbered the people. And as soon as he did, as soon as Joab come back, this is amazing to me. As soon as he got the count of all the people, his heart smoteed him and he knew he'd done wrong. I think that's so amazing because there's so many times that we get in some sort of fog. Sometimes we don't even understand it. You look back and say, "I don't know how I thought that was a good idea. I don't know how I did that. I don't know how I made that decision. I don't know why I did that or fell that way. Looking at it now, I think this is ridiculous. I don't know how I got in that fog and I did that thing. But sometimes when the when whatever we chased after and whatever we did and whatever decision we made, the moment that the fruition of that of our decision comes about, our heart smites us and we know that we're wrong. And that's what happened to David in in 2 Samuel 24:10. And David's heart smote him after thee had numbered the people. And David said unto the Lord, I have sinned greatly and that I have done. And now I beseech thee, oh Lord, take away the iniquity of thy servant, for I have done very foolishly. For when David was up in the morning, the word of the Lord came unto the prophet Gad, David seer, saying, Go and say unto David, thus sayeth the Lord, I offer thee three things. Choose choose thee one of them that I may do it unto thee. David all of a sudden when the deed is done all of a sudden the realization of what he did comes to him and his heart smoteed him and he immediately repent. See this is a child of God. Not that you'll never go go wrong. Not that you'll never get under a fog of confusion. Not that you'll never make a mistake. But but when when the realization of what you've done comes to you there's something else that kicks in and say God I have done wrong. Please forgive me. and he still has to go. Israel has to go through the punishment. He gives him one of three choices and he just chooses to fall into the hands of God and nobody else. A plague comes out a pestilence begins to smite them. And when the angel when the when when the plaguing angel comes to Jerusalem, this is what it says. David sees this angel. And David spake unto the Lord when he saw the angel that smokeote the people and said, "Lo, I have sinned and I have done wickedly, but these sheep, what have they done? Let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me and against my father's house." When he sees this angel coming, all of a sudden, he says, "Oh God, this is my mistake, not theirs. Don't make them suffer." He stands in the gap. What to me what's beautiful about this is he doesn't make excuses. He doesn't excuse himself. He doesn't excuse his conduct. He doesn't pass it off on anybody else. And he doesn't share the blame with one other soul. Hey, listen. I don't care how many people went wrong whenever whatever we did that was wrong. Amen. It doesn't do any good to start mentioning all the names. Well, me and Billy Bob and Susie Q and all these other people. I mean, if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have Amen. Amen. But a son of God comes back to the fact and says, "I was wrong. I got out of the will of God. It's me and it's only me." Because really, that's the only relationship that matters. We got to come back in continuity with God. And to come back in continuity with God, we have to surrender our personal will to his will. Not collectively, but individually. We must will to do his will. And so I love this story in David because David shows us both sides. He shows us the man's side and he shows us the son of God side. And we've lived in both sides, friends. But I want to come to the one where God can wake me up to what I'm doing and open my eyes and speak to my heart and my heart says, "Yes, Lord. I don't want to keep hiding." In the breach, he says this. Now of course when Adam fell to death he brought death upon all creation. Now he was given free moral agency. It was given to them just uh so to make a choice. Now Adam and Eve in the beginning there was a tree of right and wrong before them. And that same tree sets before each and every one of us. See God isn't doing for Adam or for Eve. You say well it's their fault. No not now it's your fault. You can't place it on Adam now. You got to place it on yourself because right and wrong set before you. We're on the same basis as Adam and Eve. But you see, when we are redeemed, we no more want our own choice, but we want his choice. That's what we want. Amen. We may not always get it right, but when we're redeemed, that's what we want. We don't want our choice anymore. We want his choice. But he still sets the choice before us. We're tested all the time. I want to read this together out of first kings. It's the life of Elijah. And we know it really well, but I want to read it together. And he came thither unto a cave and lodged there. And behold, the word of the Lord came to him. And he said unto him, "What doest thou hear, Elijah?" And he said, "I have been very jealous for the Lord God of host. For the children of Israel for have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altar, slain thy prophets with the sword, and I, even I only am left, and they seek my life to take it away." And he said, "Go forth and stand upon the mount before the Lord." And he beheld, and behold, the Lord passed by, and a great strong wind the mountains, and break in pieces the rocks before the Lord. But the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind, an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And after the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire. And after the fire, a still small voice. And it was so when Elijah heard it that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out and stood in the entering into the cave. And behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, "What doest thou here, Elijah?" I love this story. Brother Beam talks about it and and we've we've talked about it and we know we know it but I want to I want to look at it in relation to what we're talking about. Brother B says an influence one time the Bible we have example of that there was a prophet went back in the cave Elijah and God was trying to attract his attention to come out and there come the fire and smoke and blusterous winds across the mountains and thunder and earthquakes and shakes and everything else. The prophet never even moved. God wasn't even in it. But when that still small voice spoke, he covered his face and came forward. When the still small voice of God's word speaks, not a racket, not our big denominations, not our big something, but that still small voice of the word that's looked over. That should call a man to repentance. God in his word. Amen. It wasn't the great big thing that got Elijah's attention. It wasn't the busting apart of the rocks on the mountain. It wasn't the wind that was sharing everything, the fire and the earthquake. Brother Brenham said God wasn't in it. But it was that still small voice that got his attention. When he heard the still small voice, brother Brennham relates that to the word. when he heard the word because the word was the voice of God. He wrapped his face in a mantle in humility. And in humility, he came, amen, to face God because he was a runaway prophet, hiding from his commission because of the threats on his life and because of the rejection and because of what he faced. And God is wanting to get his attention. But brother Re said none of those things did it. God wasn't in all of that. And listen, there is so much noise in the world. This is a noisy world. And everything in this world is screaming for your attention. I mean, every media outlet, all the people, the associations and the people at work and everybody, even family members, and everybody is screaming for attention. There's so much voice, so much noise. There's very little quiet. Sometimes the the I don't know I don't know what it is but the my favorite times are when I'm by myself and it's quiet. You know some people they can't stand quiet. Whenever they're by themselves they got to turn on the radio. Got to turn on music. They got to turn on something. They can't take the quiet. Oh, but I'm getting to a place in life where I I crave the quiet and get away from all the noise because God wasn't in the noise. God wasn't in the big. God wasn't in the loud. God was in the still small voice of his word. Amen. and everything that's going to take you away from the will of God is noisy. All the things that are distracting and all the things that are contrary to the word of God, they're screaming for attention. They're demanding attention. They're vying for your time and attention. But God, Amen. God is so humble and God is not demanding your attention. He's not screaming for your attention. He's not vying for attention. He's not jockeying with any other loud voice for attention. God will just wait patiently and whisper to you quietly until you finally come to yourself in the word. God's not jumping up and down in the corner trying to get attention. God's put us on free moral agency. He's got his word, but some many times the word is the still small voice. It's everything else that's wrong in the world that's screaming all the time. And we miss it so easy. We we hear the noise and we chase after noise and everybody's got an opinion and everybody's got an idea. Amen. And and and oh my goodness, if you have anything that ever goes wrong in your life, whether it be your car needs repaired or something wrong in your body, you can watch YouTube videos night and day around the clock to figure out how to fix your car or how to fix your body and they all tell you something different. Noise, noise, noise, noise, noise. Amen. Everybody wants to be an expert. Everybody wants to give advice. Everybody wants to tell you how to do everything in life. Amen. But God is just sitting in the corner. Amen. Just not jumping, not shouting, not waving his hands, just there constantly just speaking his word. It's not the loudest thing you ever hear. It's not the most demanding thing you ever hear. It's just that still small voice, that constant calling to our souls. Everything else wants to fill our mind and our eyes and our ears, but he's speaking to our souls. Brother BM tells us in the in the story where he's in Colorado when the storm is rolling in and he says, "So then I started down, you know, the blizzard's coming. He told everybody to go. I got about halfway down there and something said to me, just as plain as you hear me, stop and go back. Well, I thought, what was I thinking about? Maybe it's just my mind and I just couldn't make another step forward. And so what Brother Bram does is he stops and eats a sandwich. Listen, the the the storm is raging. The wind is howling. Amen. It's blowing snow everywhere. And God speaks with a voice. He speaks to the prophet. And man, I don't think he was screaming at him. I don't think he was yelling at him, but he spoke to him. So much so that the brother Brandham could doubt that voice and think that was just his thinking. When brother Ram gets to the message, a guide, remember in the story, a guide, he thought he's a hunter and he gets lost and he and he's walking in the circle, the march of death, and he keeps coming back to the same deer hanging in the tree and he knows he's lost, fog setting in. and he knows he's in trouble and he starts to he starts to be ashamed of himself for his pride for being arrogant about being a hunter and now he's lost and he said something said uh uh oh man I can't remember what it said I don't have it in my notes uh I'm a very present help in the time of danger that's what it was in the time of trouble and it wasn't loud amen the the the the I'm sure his heart beating was loud the thoughts that were raging through his mind of his wife and his baby being in danger that was loud But there was something he said, "I didn't quite catch it. Didn't quite catch it." And he went on and he was talking. He was praying and it come again. My very present help in a time of trouble. And and and listen, you would think that the voice of God speaks. You would halt everything and but no, he keeps going. But God, my family, and he's he's troubled in his mind and he's all worked up and here it comes again. I'm a very present help in the time of trouble. Amen. God is not like YouTube. God is not like the voices in the world. God is not like the radio. God is not like everything else that's screaming. God is a gentleman and God is constant and God is steady and he's always there and his word is always speaking to our hearts. Brother man finally when he started paying attention to what was saying, he caught what it was. Listen, he could have caught it way back when it first was spoken, but he was so worked up and so troubled, but God just kept speaking it to him. Kept speaking it to him. I don't know. This just does something for me. It it it thrills my heart, but it also troubles me because I I I so many times miss what God's trying to tell me because God's not competing for attention. That's right. Because God is not fighting his way to the top of the list of things that I'm listening to or looking at. God's a gentleman and he's constant and he's steady and he's not lowering himself to the to the world, but he's just constantly sending out little radio signals. Beep beep beep. Everybody else is screaming and everybody else is talking, but he's so subtle. Beep. I'm here. Beep. I love you. Beep. Come unto me all who are heavy laden and I will give you rest for your souls. Amen. We have to will to do the will of God. But sometimes we've got to stop long enough to find out what he's telling us. Sometimes we think we're doing the will of God and really what we're doing is our own will. And we've taken our own will and we've attached religious principles to it and scriptures and it's still our own will. And God is over here all the time trying to tell us something. Listen, when when brother Venom was was was lying to the lawyer, he knew in his heart he he was already condemned, but he he was making some excuse and he was moving on till finally God got the message through. When he was running away, he was becoming the runaway prophet and standing in the gap. He was running from the persecution and the rejection and he was running from the hurt. He was becoming the runaway prophet. Amen. And and God was trying to get his attention. He had been giving him a dream. A dream about his brother-in-law and them being bums. And remember, God was giving them his dream. But he was still moving on with his plans. And he said he was driving down the road thinking about his plans. You know, I'm just that'll be great. That's exactly what we'll do. We'll go up there and I'll say, "Honey, we're up here. Let's stay. It's so nice." And we'll help Bud and blah blah blah. And he had taken his own will and attached a religious covering to his own will. But as he's driving, Billy falls asleep. He's driving down the road and God speaks to him and tells him, "If you go on with your plans, you'll be just like that. You'll become a bum." And you know what brother says? Billy, are you talking to me? Listen, God's not screaming. God's not yelling. God's not taking you and holding your hands down and pinning them down and saying, "Look at me in the face. I'm telling you." He's not like that. That's right. If we want to start hearing God's voice, we got to start going God's way. And we got to start making time to hear God's voice. If we have to will to do his will, we need to hear his voice to know what his will is in these situations that we're facing. Hey, listen. Life comes hard. Life comes fast. Sometimes you hardly have time to react to it. It happens so fast. And I think what we need more now than we've ever needed before is we need some quiet time. We need some time to pray. We need some time to meditate. We need some time to think about what we're doing in life. Think about the next step in life, the next stage or the troubles that have come or or where our family's at or what God's asking us to do. and just actually stop and think about it and pray and say, "God, what do you what what is this situation all about? What are you trying to show me? What do you want to do?" But usually what we do is we don't want to think about anything that's trouble. So, we do anything not to think about anything that might be trouble or require anything that would be painful or require us to make a decision. So, what we do is entertain ourselves to death and keep the voice of God at bay. I said, "God, help us to have quiet time because I have to will to do the will of God. I want to hear the will of God." Not everybody else's opinion, not what everybody thinks about a situation. And listen, not even your brothers and sisters are always going to give you the right advice because they're not God. They don't know. Amen. They may tell you the best they understand. They may tell you out of love for you. You may get 10 people to agree this is the thing you should do. Amen. But what's more important than 10 brothers or sisters in Christ telling you what you should do? The more important thing is God telling you what you should do. He may confirm what they told you to be right, but he may lead you another direction. And what's more important is to be able to hear from God. He may speak through a brother or sister. He may speak through a preacher. He may speak through the tape or through their Bible reading. He may speak to you in any of that. But we got to slow down long enough to hear the preaching, to hear the tape, to read the Bible. Amen. Brother Ben made this statement. He said, "The real eagle recognizes the call of God's word." Why? He's an eagle. An eagle to an eagle. The word before the foundation of the world to the word. The word predestinated to the word written for the hour. You realize your position. He hunts for it. We know this quote, but the reason I put it in here is because the word comes to the word. The eagle calls to the eagle. The word comes to the word. There's a magnetism that draws these two together. And what is the C gene of God on the inside of a child of God? It's the word. Amen. So, the word can hear the word. The word can recognize the word. What is God trying to speak to? He's trying to speak the word to the word. He's trying to get the word predestinated to hear the word written for the hour because when that comes together, it brings results. He's trying to get us to surrender our will to his will. Amen. So that the word that's in us can line up with the word that's coming to us and God can perform his will in our life. You already have ears to hear. Amen. You already have ears to hear. You already have eyes to see. You already have the crystal. And listen, I'm sorry. We are old people and brother Brandham was older than us. Hey, listen. For you young people, a crystal in a radio was how they dialed it in to pick up the signal from the antenna and transmit it. Now, it would be a Wi-Fi receiver. Okay? Inside of you is a Wi-Fi receiver. I'm probably using the wrong words anyways, but it's already there. Amen. And God's sending out the signal. Sending out the signal. If we could just get to where we can catch the signal, there's already something in you to catch it. And there's already a God sending it. And these two come together. And when we can take our human self and align our will with his will. Amen. Then the will of God will be done in our lives. But we've got to catch the frequency. We've got to catch the signal. Amen. And I don't know how we can keep doing it with so much noise. So many times when when God spoke to brother Brandham, so many times he would say, "Now that was just that was just a thought. I think that was just me." It was it was so subtle the way God did it. It wasn't as though brother Brandham knew exactly when God spoke that that was God. He didn't know if it was his own thought. He didn't know if it was himself. He didn't know if it was Billy Paul. He didn't know what it was. He had to wait for a minute. He had to be patient for a minute. And if he would just wait for a minute and be patient, God would speak again. And he would catch it. Amen. He would catch it more clearly, he catch what God's saying. He may not have got it just right the first time. Amen. And sometimes, I wonder if God's trying to speak to us. Amen. And and constantly trying to speak to us like he was the prophet. And and we may get confused. We may not recognize that's God. We may not recognize that what he's trying to say us to us. We haven't caught it just right. But if we could just slow down and wait for a minute, I think it's a a marvelous the the the story of the storm. Brother Brandham in Colorado. He's marching down to save himself and doing what good advice would tell you and good reasoning would tell you to do. And a voice tells him to go back where you came from. And he says, "That was just me thinking. Was that just me?" And he's questioning and and he passes it off as his thought. But he'd come to a place with the Lord. He had so many experiences. He didn't keep walking down the mountain even though this was a life-threatening situation. He didn't yet go back to where he came from, but he didn't keep walk. He sat down and took out a soggy sandwich David had made for him, David Woods, and he started sitting there eating that sandwich. And as he paused, God spoke to him again. Go back into the storm. I think maybe we just need to pause sometimes. Just pause. Don't stop for half a second, keep trucking along the way, but actually pause for a second and say, "God, are you trying to tell me something? Are you trying to speak to me? I don't want my own will. What my desire is is your will. I keep I I keep falling back into my own will and messing things up. I I admit that. I happens to me all the time. But that's not what I want. That's not my desire. My desire is for you to have your way with me. I don't want my own will. Really, when it comes down to it, I really don't want my own way. I want you to have your way. But so much noise, so much earthquake and wind and fire, but oh, he still has a still small voice. If we could stop and catch that, then we could align our will to his will and God can have his way with us, man. Let's all stand together. You ever heard how Brother Benham said and other people say sometimes God lets something happen and we find ourselves in the hospital or something flat on our back so we could look up and and God has to stop us. Listen, it wasn't the violent accident that was God speaking. It was the condition that created the pause. So while we were quiet, he could speak. Amen. It was not the It was not the accident. It was not the layoff. It was not the rejection. It was not whatever whatever it is. We find ourselves in trouble and we get to this place where God begins to talk to us. It wasn't ever the trouble that was God talking. It was whatever the trouble was that God caused us to stop long enough to hear him talking. I pray God doesn't have to put me in traction to speak to me. Amen. That's right. I pray that I don't have to go through something like that and lay flat on my back in a hospital looking up asking God questions so that he can finally slow me down enough to talk to me. But I want to carve time out of every day of my life and have my ears pricked and say, "God, what do you want to tell me?" Because that's how God speaks to us. Not in the chaos, not in the noise. I mean, we can be in chaos and noise like brother Brandon was in a storm, but it was the still small voice. Amen. Amen. It was the still small voice. And I said, God, speak to me. Speak to your servants, almighty God, and give us a heart to receive and line up to your will. Amen. Let's bow our heads and pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you God for these constant reminders in our life. Lord, you've showed us and you've told us Lord that you've given us the option to choose. You've given us a free moral agency. You've given us the power of choice. When you put us in partnership with you, one of one thing that made us a partner was choice. And you've never inhibited that power of choice. We can choose. Oh, but God, we want to surrender our own choices and choose your choices, God. We want to choose your way and choose your word. We want to choose your will, Lord. That's our desire as your children. We're hungry for you to have your way with us. And God, we've made so many mistakes. I've made so many mistakes. And I'm sorry, Lord. I get too busy. It gets too noisy. and I just keep plowing, Lord, and I'm sorry, but I want to quiet myself and hear from you. And I pray, God, you'd keep sending your word to me, Lord. Keep speaking to me, Lord. And give me, help me to be more attentive to what you're trying to tell me, Lord. Help me to be aware, Lord, of what you're saying. Help me to slow down to hear. And then help me, Lord, to surrender to your will. God, you've given us the option to choose, but we want to take the option to choose your will. We want to choose your way. We want to choose your word. We want to choose to surrender ourselves to you that you might use us in this end time. So God, I pray you'd help us, Lord, that you would dial our dial indicator on the inside to your frequency to pick up your signal. God, may you align us, Lord, with your thinking and with your word. And may we be receptive to what you're trying to speak to us. And may your word speak to us every day, Lord, as we've seen it in our own lives so many times and in the life of your prophet. May, Lord, we have time to hear from you. And may you speak to us and may we hear when you're trying to speak to us. God, we love you and we ask for your blessing over all these things that you would keep us in the very center of your will. We love you, God, and we ask that you would help us, Lord, as we surrender ourselves aresh to you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Brother Joe, only to be what he wants me to be every moment of every day. Yield it completely to Jesus alone. Every step of this will grow away just to be claimed in the potter's hand. Ready to do what his word commands. Only to be what he wants me to be every moment of every day. [Music] Only to be one. He wants me to be every moment of every day. Yielded complete to Jesus alone. every step of this pilgrim way [Music] just to be claimed in the father's hand. ready to do what his word commands. Only to be what he wants me to be every moment of every day. Oh, speak my Lord. Oh, speak my Lord. Oh, speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Oh, speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. Oh, hear the Lord of harvest quickly calling. Oh, who will go and work for me today? Oh, who will bring to me the lost and dying? And who will point them to that narrow way? Oh, speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Oh, speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. And when the cold of fire had touched the prophet, making him as pure as pure can be. Oh, when the voice of God said, "You go for us." Then he answered, "Here am I sending. Oh, speak my Lord. [Music] Speak my Lord. Oh, speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. And millions now in sin and shame are dying. Listen to the sad and bitter cry. Oh, hasten brother, hasten to the rescue. will quickly answer, "Master, here am I." Oh, speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me [Music] quiet me. Let peaceful waters flow and learn to be still. my soul and let here my Jesus draw near. Oh touch me Lord why me? Oh, quiet me. Let peaceful waters flow and learn to be still. Oh my soul and let near my Jesus drawing near. Oh touch me now quiet why me. Oh quietly, [Music] let peaceful waterers flow. Oh, learn to be still. Oh my soul and let let me hear my Jesus drawing near. touch with quietly as the deep planted for the waterers. Oh my soul longest after thee. For you are you're my desire. I long to worship thee. For you alone are my strength, my shield to you. Alone does my spirit. For you alone, my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. For you're my friend, you are my brother. Even though you are my king, I want you more than any other so much more than anything. [Music] You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit. To you alone are my heart. desire and I long to worship you. Oh, I want you. Gold or silver, only you you can satisfy. [Music] In you are your joy giver in the [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, sing that verse again. And I want you more than gold. [Music] All you can set. Oh, you are your dream joy giver and the end of my heart. For you alone are my strength, my shield. You alone are my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart. desire and I long to worship you. Oh, you alone and you alone are my strength. You my you alone does my spit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship. [Music]
