################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 250525 - Simon Abbott As the Amnesia Fades, We See From a New Perspective SPEAK! - Simon Abbott.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   250525 - Simon Abbott: As the Amnesia Fades, We See From a New Perspective: SPEAK!
Speaker: Simon Abbott
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=916hdd8t4Ys
========================================

[Music] He will [Music] abide will walk together. My Lord and [Music] I, I'll live for Jesus. [Music] Let the world go by. I'll live for Jesus and let the world go by. I'll claim his [Music] promises. He will supply. will walk together, my Lord and I. Oh, I'll live for Jesus and let the world go by one more time. I'll live for Jesus and let the world go by. I'll claim his promises. He will supply will walk together. My Lord and I. Oh, I'll live for Jesus. and let the world go [Applause] by. My way gets brighter, my load gets lighter. Walking up the king's highway. There's joy in knowing with him I am going. Walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there, but the pure in heart. It's the highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Don't have to worry. Don't have to worry. Walking up the king's highway. Christ walks beside me. Angels to guide me. Walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. But the pure in heart. It's the highway to heaven. Heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. If you're not walking, start while I'm talking. Walking up the king's [Applause] highway. There'll be a blessing. You'll be possessing walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. None can walk up there, but the pure in heart. It's the highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure in heart is the highway to heaven. Walking up the king's highway. I will sing of mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing. Oh, I will sing. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. And with my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness. Thy faithfulness. With my mouth shall I make known. thy faithfulness to all generations. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. As the song special would come up, I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing. Oh, I will sing. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. And with my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness, thy faithfulness. With my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness to all generations. Will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Oh, there's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. One more time. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. No matter how the storm is raging, I don't care how the ground is shaking. King. My eyes fixed on Jesus. I'm in his hand. Jesus will carry me right to the end. Be not afraid. With you I'll remain. If you lean on me, you'll never fail. I offer you peace, joy, and release. You will see wonderers only believe. No matter how the storm is raging, I don't care how the ground is shaking. [Music] My eyes fixed on Jesus. I'm in his hand. Jesus will carry me right to the end. Jesus, your word is my resting place. Earnestly praise. Lord, give me grace. I can't do anything when I'm on my own. You are all mighty. With you I am strong. No matter how the storm is raging, I don't care how the ground is shaking. My eyes fixed on Jesus. I'm in his hand. Jesus will carry me right to the end. [Music] No matter how the storm is raging, I don't care how the ground is shaking. My eyes fixed on Jesus. I'm in his hand. Jesus will carry me right to the end. Jesus will carry me right to the end. [Music] Man, God bless you. It's good to be with you this morning. And as you can see, I'm not taking the morning service. Amen. I asked Brother Simon Abbott if he would take the service. And I didn't intend to. I tended to let him have the time off and just enjoy a short trip here, but uh something kept broken at me all day Friday. So late Friday night, I asked him if he'd take the service. And he said actually the Lord had laid something on his heart. So he was very happy to take it. Amen. And so I was happy to hear that God was working on both ends. But since that time, the devil came after him and he's had a fever for two days. And so uh I I talked to him about I said, "Oh, I didn't know until this morning." And I said, "I'm so sorry." He said, "No, the devil's been stabbing me." He said, "I'm ready to stab back." Amen. So praise the Lord. Amen. We love the brother and we're so thankful that he's here with us and the Lord laid something on his heart and we're anxious to hear what God has for us. Amen. Really appreciated the song special. Thank all you sisters for that. And it was good to see Noah on the guitar. God bless you. It was good to have you up here. Amen. It's good to have the bird family. Noah's parents are here. Noah's here and Noah's parents are here, too. Brother Jeremy and sister Becky. It's good to have you guys here. Amen. If you guys remember uh a couple weeks ago, I had an announcement for you of an engagement of our brother Wesley Godfrey. But he had he was all alone. But he's not alone today. His fiance is here. Sister Anne Gibbs, would you two stand for us? We want to congratulate you together on your engagement. Amen. God bless you. Amen. It was a shame to make him stand all by himself, but not today. Amen. And we're so happy for the two of you. And may the Lord bless you as you make all your final arrangements to be wed this fall. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Also want to remind you tomorrow of the Memorial Day picnic. So, we're so excited for the opportunity to spend some time together again at brother Benjamin and Sister Amanda's place. And so, we're looking forward to that. Also, I want to let you know that brother Kyle Ward's over at Bible believers preaching this Sunday. So, we want to remember him and the assembly there as they're uh having their service this morning as well. Also, we got quite a few visitors here. It's good to have you all here today. Amen. It's good to have brother Marcos from Chile back here. He's visited us a couple times before, but he's in the service again all the way from Chile. God bless you, brother. It's good to have you here. Also, Brother Carson and Sister Sharon Samson, it's good to have you here. And couple sisters that traveled down from Ontario. God bless you. It's good to have you here as well. So, none of these are strangers to us. It's good to have you. And also, Sister Zabilla, she's here again. And she's certainly no stranger to us. So, it's good to have friends come back. Amen. And visit one another. It always means so much to us to be together. Amen. [Music] Pass me not. Oh gentle [Music] savior. Hear my humble cry. [Music] There's thou art [Music] holy. Do not pass me by. I'm crying saveavior saveior here my humble cry Why does thou art calling? Do not pass me by. See verse four. Oh, and thou the spring of all my more than life to me. [Music] Whom have I on earth [Applause] beside thee? And who in heaven but me? As brother Simon comes. Oh, I'm crying. Saveior, Savior. Hear my humble cry. And while on others thou are calling do not pass by. And let's just sing that once more. Amen. Christ [Music] saveior my humble. [Applause] Oh, and while others are [Music] holy, do not pass me by. Amen. While we're standing, let's just pray together. Lord Jesus, don't pass us by. Come by, Lord, this morning and speak, Lord Jesus. Come by and hear, Lord Jesus. Who are we, Lord? We put ourselves to one side, Lord Jesus, and ask that you come and take over, Lord. Lord, we're just so thankful that we know that you will not pass us by, Lord Jesus. No one will leave without hearing, having heard something that will encourage us. Lord Jesus, the menu that you feed us is for everyone, from the youngest to the oldest, and we need encouragement. when we're in these bodies. We pray for encouragement, Lord Jesus, to help us on our way. We love you, Lord. Ask a blessing on the service. All is said and done, we just love you, Lord Jesus, and stand before you humbly saying, Lord, take over now, Lord, as we step to one side. We love you, Lord. Amen. Amen. The Lord's good. God bless you all. Thank you, Ry. God bless you all. Yeah, like brother Chad said, I've uh I've been a bit rough, but I'm all good. There's always someone who's a lot worse. And uh when you see brother when we saw Brother Chad in Poland, he was already toasted. When we saw him and he had another week to go, toasted means tired. And you know, I've just got the one service now and I'm a bit fried, but it's all good. The Lord is good. the Lord give us strength. That's what it is. Like if we come to hear from somebody anyway, if we come to hear from a from a man, then we're going to go away pretty disappointed. So, we just want to hear from the Lord. So, greetings also from home. And um I'm presuming that uh the few saints back at home will be listening today as well. And um so we bring greetings from home. It's been nice to see you, nice to be with you. We're flying out this evening, so we're going to um leave sort of pretty much straight after the service. So, like brother Chad says, at least you get to say goodbye to everyone. So, don't just storm out. Just uh Oh, good. Bad mate. Let's go to Ephesians 1 if we can. Ephesians 1. It's uh I don't think I can ever really preach a sermon without reading Ephesians 1 3:5. I think it's just yeah, one of those scriptures that's just mind-blowing. We're thankful for it. Let's read. It says, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ." And if we notice, I think I don't know if I've said this before, but after verse three, it says Christ and it's cut two little dots. That is not a full stop or you would call it a period. It's a Yeah, that's it. Someone's cleverer than me. And after verse four, it's the same thing. And after verse five, it's the same thing. And verse six, there's finally a full stop. Therefore, they all go together. So it says in verse three, blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. Now listen, the blessings that we're looking at here in verse three were blessings before the foundation of the world. Because the way that we're blessed, it says, "He hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ." And then it says according as he hath chosen us. So therefore the the way that we are blessed it's according to the way he has chosen us and he's chosen us before the foundation of the world. So the blessings which he has given us and the blessings which he's pouring out on us we were already blessed with before the world began. As we read then it says according as he has chosen his in before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise and glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Amen. Let's just pray for the word. Lord Jesus just break your word to us we pray and just speak Lord encourage us we pray each and every one of us. We love you, Lord. We just want to say thank you, Lord Jesus, for all the things you do for us. Continue now, Lord, feeding us, Lord, we pray. In your name we ask. Amen. So, you may be seated. The Lord's good. Pardon me. Oh, that sounds bad. I'm so sorry. Forgive me. Blake, where's Blake? Where's Blake? Blake's gone. Blake's there somewhere. Anyway, Blake, he's a pro. He kind of flicks the switch and coughs and flicks it back. And forgive me, I I ain't that good. So, our thought this morning is as the amnesia fades, we see from a new perspective. And then we've got a subtitle of speak is what our thought is. As the amnesia fades, we see from a new perspective. Speak. Amen. So, in verse four of this scripture that we've just read, we can see our origin. We know our origin doesn't go back to uh the place that we were born. The or our origin goes back to and this is why I love this scripture so much. Our origin goes back before the foundation of the world. It goes back it goes back to if you're eternal, there's only one eternal, that's God. And if you're going to be eternal or if you are eternal, there's only one way to be eternal, and that is to be a part of God. It's the only way. And folks say, well, you know, I can't get my head around that. Well, neither can I. But it's true. And if you want to know what eternal means, if you're married, take off your wedding ring, look at it, try and find the beginning. You can't find it. There's no beginning, there's no end. That's how it is. But the wedding ring, you can still hold it and look at it. It's real. Although there's no beginning and no end. And that's kind of how it is with us. We can see our origin. So, we know that we're already chosen in him before the foundation of the world. But the scripture is so clear. We know that we can stand up on the scripture. It's the only infallible thing. Am I talking too fast? Good. It's the only infallible thing. um that there is is the word of God. And the problem with this scripture or with us is that we can't remember it. So we read the scripture, we know it's correct. We know that we were in him before the foundation of the world, but we can't remember it. We can't remember it. And this is now if we think about the story of your life and mine, it's like the greatest drama that's ever written. It's like the greatest story that would ever be told. You know, we we wake up to find ourselves and this in another body, if you know what I mean. Like we wake up to find ourselves in in a body in in the body that we're born in. We know nothing. We just wake we wake up to find ourselves having to learn everything. We have no memory of anything before our birth. And you know even though we come from God we still have no we had no idea where we came from. So we were born with amnesia. Now amnesia is um amnesia is a loss of memory but it amnesia is a loss of memory of things that have happened. It's basically a loss of memory things that are real. Okay. though things that have happened to us. If somebody who you were before you you had amnesia, it's it's like a real life. People who have amnesia, they've had a real life. And and amnesia is not a loss of memory of who I wanted to be. Pardon me. Or who I thought I should have been. Oh, and now I've forgotten it. No. Amnesia is is loss of memory of something that is totally real. Yeah. So, so when somebody wakes up, let's just say, Lord forbid, you know, I I wake up and Joe Scott wakes up tomorrow. Joe wakes up tomorrow and um and and he he he's he he said he he he say he says, "Oh, I've got amnesia. I can't remember being that dirt bike rider, you know? I can't remember like I can't remember winning all those races and I' I've just forgotten it. I can't remember doing the big triple. He knows what that is. I can't remember it. That's when you jump like from one end to the other. That's not me either. So he I can't remember it being that that famous world number one. Yeah. The reason you can't remember it is cuz he's not real. Yeah. But like me with the old, you know, I I can remember me riding and he can remember him riding and the memory that he has, it has to have otherwise he's not amnesia. You see what I'm saying? So he can So there's things that I can I can't remember being like the the the farmer with 50,000 tractors all parked. I just can't remember it. No, cuz it's not real. It never happened. So it's not amnesia. Amnesia has to be something that has truly happened to us. You know, like tripping over the garden host pipe yesterday. You know, you can remember it, but then next week you would say, "Oh, I've got amnesia for it." Because in theory, you've forgotten it. But it actually did really happen. See what I'm saying? Anyway, you'll see what we're trying to get to. Amen. So amnesia is a loss of memory of real things that happen. Okay. So the scripture we've read this is actually reality. This is reality. And this is truly telling us where we come from. This is actually where we come from. And so we can truly say yes, we were born with amnesia. See, because we can't remember it. We can't remember being in the mind of God and in that whatever form we were in before we just that's why we say in whatever form we were cuz anyone who can remember it just give me a shout and prod my memory you know I can't remember it you know what I mean and neither can you but although it's true so brother Bam says here in in 1965 he says it's is the ris in the rising of the sun it's paragraph 133 to 142 if you're writing it down it's that the story he tells got the chicken, the eagle, and the egg. He says, "My crude little story here about a farmer putting an egg under or the eagle egg under the egg, under the hen." The little eagle was absolutely he was an odd-looking thing, oddlooking creature. When this farmer did the thing that he did, he put the eagle egg under the old hen and he hatched it out a funnyl looking chicken. And it was odd little fellow. He didn't look like them. His feathers wasn't like the rest of them. He was just an odd little guy. All the rest of the chickens recognized him as an odd fellow. And the hen went around and he didn't even like the diet she was feeding him. He didn't like that scratching the barnyard. No, he didn't want how didn't have nothing to do with that. See, he wondered why he had to be the odd one around here. Anyhow, listen. Has anybody ever wondered why you just odd? Do you know what I mean? It's just a joy. Joyce, why are you nodding? Now, if you've got a family, if you've got a family, I mean, you know, I come from a family of believers, but I'm sure if you're born in a family that's that's maybe not believing or whatever, you're just the odd one. Do you know what I mean? And let's let's move on. Okay. He says, "Wonder why you odd one around here anyhow? He never tasted anything like that. He just had to eat to keep him alive because he didn't like the taste of it. See, he wasn't a chicken to begin with. See, and the hen would cluck and you know, the days of miracles has passed. There's no such thing. Join the church." It just didn't hit right with that little guy. So, we followed her head around one day until his mommy. Now, the old eagle, she she had laid so many eggs and there was one of them missing. She knew that the eagle somewhere. So, there's an eagle somewhere. So, she starts out on up to hunt for him. She circled over the mountain top and come down the valleys and over everywhere where he might be by this time. It's time for him to be born. It's time to be hatched. Said, "Maybe a crow came and picked up my egg. Maybe a vulture. I don't know. Something picked up my egg. I know the egg is in my mind. I've got a son somewhere. I've got to hunt him. Listen, brother Brandham, many times we it appears though he's just telling some stories. But actually, when we when we get into the stories and we can truly see our lives in there. So, he's kind of mixing the two. He's blending the two together. He says, you know, the egg is in my mind. I've got a son somewhere. I've got to hunt him. So does God. He is that great eagle. In his thoughts, he knowed he'd have a church. He knowed he'd have a people. No matter what's who what's cuddled them, no matter what was they were hatched out under, he's hunting and he's hunting for his own. One day, the story goes, the old eagle flew over the barnyard. She looked looking everywhere and she found him. Oh, for that re resurrection to recognize that he really wasn't a chicken after all. He was an eagle. He was taught to look down, look for some bug or something in the farmyard, but he heard a scream and that said, "Look up this way and he looked up above him and there was a creature with 14 ft wings powerful than any chicken there was in the barnyard. It claimed him to be her son. He said, "Mama, how can I get to you?" She said, "Just jump. Start flopping your wings for you're an eagle." See, she knew she had a son somewhere. No matter what he's been raised up in, she's got a son somewhere. And God knows. Hallelujah. Listen carefully now. He said he's got a predestinated for ordained church. He knowed he's got sons and daughters and a bride waiting somewhere. When the Holy Spirit begins to fly over that wave sheath, oh my, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Not some mythical story, but in reality, no matter how many tried to tell him an eagle, he didn't know what an eagle was. Yet, he was an eagle. He would not understand it until he seen something that reflected him, that he reflected rather. You see, and now this is this is this is beautiful. You see the story that brother Ram's telling us here is basically describing our lives. Wherever we come from, we never fitted in, you know, and we were born and someone could have said eagle to us, eagle to us. I mean, someone could have said, "Oh, your bride, your bride, your bride to us," and we wouldn't truly know what that meant until we see something that reflects what we are. You know, we were kind of hatched out in some farmard, wherever it may be, and Ohio, Rocky Top, Brother Bob, Sisters, Sister Suzan. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. And Rocky Top, Rocky Top, isn't it? Rocky Top Tennessee and or Alabama, wherever it is. Let's face it, we were all born in a farmard. It might have looked different. I don't know where, brother Gabby. You're from Chicago or something. E, no idea. He for a hood. And I was just from I've just I've said it before. Nazareth. That's it. Don't go and look at it on Google. It's like scar bro. That's pretty bad. Yeah. But that's where that's where I was born. So we were all just born in a farmard. Whatever it was. It was just what it was. And we were listen carefully. We were we were not born knowing what we now know about ourselves. When we were born, we we did not know what we now know. You see, but just like the eagle then was born amongst the chickens. Even though he was an eagle from before, listen carefully. Before the foundation of the muck heap that was in the farmyard, farmyard muck heap usually is there for a year and then it disappears and then a year and it disappears. And he was just a little chick. But before the foundation of the mock heep that he was crawling on, he was actually somewhere else before that. He was actually in his mother's nest. And if if you would have tried to explain to the little fell, he wouldn't have had a clue what you were talking about. You see, this is this is the whole thing with amnesia when you just don't know because you just can't remember. Yeah, it it just it look if you if you're taken you're still inside the egg and you're taken from your mother's nest and you're placed under a chicken, how are you ever going to know where you were before? And if someone would come and told him, you come from a nest somewhere, and he like what? He says, yeah, I know. I'm looking at it. No, no, no, no. You weren't born in Scarra. He's like, no, no, no. You you you were a nest. You were way up high. I'm thinking Scarra. Okay, the hospital is on a hill, but what are you talking about? No, you're not getting me. You were born on a rock right at the top. Now I'm thinking, yeah, now you're a bit cuz now there is no how what he think about it. He was inside the egg. We were inside the egg before the foundation of the world. And when we were brought here and we were hatched here, we had no there was no way of us ever remembering. See what I mean? Amen. See, the eagle, the little eagle could not remember being in his mother's nest. He just had the amnesia. And remember, amnesia is a loss of memory that of things that are real. So, this little eagle, I'm going to keep going on about it. The little eagle, he's inside his egg, right? He's in the nest. He's taken out. He's put in the farmyard. He's got amnesia. He doesn't remember being, but actually he has truly got amnesia because he truly was in the an eagle's nest before. He was taken from the eagle's nest. So he be that is true amnesia. We we were born with true amnesia because we were in the nest before. We were in the mind of God. We were a part of God before. We do have a life of before we came here. Yeah. our life if it's eternal then it comes from somewhere we were with God in that form however it was. So the little eagle is a perfect type really of our story. And in the story here in paragraph 142, he says here, "No matter how many tries to tell him, I'm going to try." Sorry, that didn't work. Pardon me. No matter how many tried to tell him an eagle, like you know, you're an eagle. You're an eagle. He didn't know what an eagle was, yet he was an eagle. He could not understand it until he seen something that reflected him that reflected rather. Now, we when we saw something in the word, wherever we were, whatever age we were, because don't forget, you know, we've got to be careful that you don't always exclude the children cuz there's going to be children raptor too, you know. And so, whatever capacity, however you see the word as a child, as an adult, as a as a whatever age you are, you will see something that it's not the flesh. You don't look at the Bible and Samson like this. This would be a Marcus Beckham move. A brother Marcus see Samson with the big muscles. Yeah. And that's me. No, it's not about the outside, but it's about the inside. You see, and and and brother Marcus, myself, anybody, we all look in the word and we're not looking at our outside. We're looking at the inside, man. And so whenever we hear the word as a child, as an adult, whatever you are, the thing that reflects isn't the outside of us. It's the inside. Amen. And this is now why we can be so different. And many people, we can all be so different in so many different ways, but we're all reflecting that one thing. And like I said, it's not the outside, it's the inside, man. Because don't forget, the inside all comes from the same source. Amen. So, so when we see the the um the the reflection of the word, when we hear something, there's something on the inside that reflects back, something eternal that reflects back and and and the amnesia begins to fade. So, the amnesia begins to fade. The amnesia is a state of mind and and it begins to fade and we can and we begin to see with a new perspective. Now, obviously, amnesia, I don't know how it works totally. I don't think it's from one sometimes it can be from one second to the other but I think sometimes it's also like through stages isn't it and you know some sometimes it's like through stages we go through stages and we we the amnesia feeds and we see something more it says amen and as we're kind of changing the amnesia is fading and we're seeing clearer and clearer and the Lord's trying to get to us who we are the Lord is trying to you know we keep hearing that that that eagle I don't know that that noise that make see all the time there's that eagle scream going out and and and and somewhere I mean that should kind of send shivers down your back you know the Holy Spirit's coming over and he's calling out and and and something inside us he's saying Lord I don't understand what it is but there's something pulling on my heart something somewhere and the Lord's trying to call to us and and the eagle scream screams out and There's something on the inside of that little fella. And maybe not then he'll might still be making a kind of like a I don't know like I don't know what the teenage night kind of age whistle from the eagle sounds like. Maybe it's a bit croak like but there's something deep on the inside that eternal part of him that's like whoa whoa whoa. When I get big, when I get into his stature, when I come to the full stature, that's the noise that I'll make, too. There's something eternal coming in there, and that's what's reflecting back. And the Lord's trying to show us. So, the eagle screams, the reason he's screaming out, and I think brother talks about the little eagle, it's all coming together as well. When the eagle screams out, it's gathering them together because it's speaking to the heart of the children. And when the Lord gathers us together, he screams out with something eternal. And something that screams out, there's something inside us. It's just, yes, that's it. That's it. That's a part of me. So the Lord's trying to show us through that scream, through the word that's preached, through the word that's brought to us, he's showing us our identity. The Lord's trying to show us our identity. We are eagles, you know. We are born to fly. We were born to fly. We are born to s for our for our spiritual for our soul to soar in the heavenlies. We are supposed to to fly higher each day. We're supposed to keep flying. Listen, we're in the seventh church age. We know all these things. With the seventh church age, there comes this new anointing. You know, up through the seven church ages, there's the four anointings that's been on. the lion, the ox, the man, and lastly, the eagle. I just want to turn to Revelations 4:7. Revelations 4:7. It's just literally, we're not going to go into this. It says, "The first beast was like a lion. The second beast was like a calf. The third beast, the face of a man, and the fourth beast was a flying eagle." Now notice we want to see here the Lord is saying specifically it's not just an eagle but it's a flying eagle. You see it's it's and listen carefully. If it's a flying eagle that means it's a mature eagle cuz the babies can't fly. So the the anointing that's on us it's this flying eagle. Amen. And the Lord's good. Listen, the first three anointings, we all know this, but the first three anointings are earthbound, but but the but the last anointing, the Lord's showing us that the anointing that's on the bride, and listen, you got to be careful. Don't just sit there and say, "Oh, amen. Praise the Lord." No, no, no, no. Say, "Amen. Praise the Lord." Because he's talking about you. So, listen, the anointing that is on you personally is this flying eagle. Don't forget, when the anointing's poured out, it's splashed over. It's splashed over the bride. We we're surrounded by this anointing. We're anointed to fly higher. And you know this the anointing comes with a new perspective. I'm just going to draw something, brother Franco. Um let's give this a whirl. So, you know what's awesome is in the in the uh obviously as the anointings go through, they're all they're all, you know, the the the lion, the ox, and then you got you got the martyrdom, you got the uh reformers, but the flying eagle is the time when when we fly higher. So, there's all sorts of I'm just going to I'm just going to uh draw something here. So, we've got it's a nice little uh picture. Okay, this is this is supposed to be a block of flats. I don't think you got blocks of blocks of flats around here. Maybe you do. This is town. Okay, sweet. And this is actually it's a walled city. Okay. Right. Sweet. Okay. Okay. So, back in Luther's day, you know, this was Luther standing here. This is Luther standing here. Now, don't forget this city is all the truths of the Bible. I don't have space otherwise I it doesn't matter. It's all true things. True. The truth, right? So this is now Wesley. This is Luther. Sorry. Now his angle of view is like uh like that. See that? Okay. And it's a slither through there. That's his angle of view. Does that make sense to you? That's that's his uh oblinkle. That's his uh where he can see. Okay. So now you've got another one here on the on the right hand side. And I'm going to say this is Wesley. Okay. So now Wesley's looking here now. And Wesley can see this one. He can't see. Can you see the dot on there as well? Can you see the dot where I'm moving the thing or not? No. So he can't see the top small house. Okay. But he can see this one. He can see this one. He can see this one. He can't he can maybe see between these buildings. And he and he can see through here. He can just clinch the bottom of this one maybe. So, so we see that in each church age we've been given so much. So, Luther can see so much. Wesley can see so much. And uh it's a little bit like that today. Um in and around the message, you might say message message because some people can see one thing that's that's that's how it should be, black and white, you know, clearly. Other people maybe don't see that. And and so sometimes you might go somewhere and might believe something a little bit different or whatever and it's basically cuz they haven't flown high enough. See, don't forget that all this inside this city, everything is real. Everything is true. Everything is is is full. Um the So if we go a little bit higher here, look, the eagle the eagle is flying. I I can't I can't draw an eagle. The eagle's flying high enough and let's go for a yellow. Where's the yellow? The eagle now he looks down over the whole thing. See what I mean? So basically on this in the seventh church age, this eagle anointing. It's not it's this flying higher. We can now we're seeing clearly. We can see the truths of the Bible. And the eagle also don't forget he isn't like plotting around on the floor bumping into the walls. He can just move left or right a little bit as the spirit of the Lord is leading. He's kind of looking down and he can see and describe what the truths of the Bible are. And we're under this anointing, too. The Lord has made us flexible enough that we can actually move left and right a little bit. We're flexible. You know, when like brother M says um about the uh the the wine in the new bottles or whatever in the leather pouches, it just stretches out. And somebody says something, it's like, well, that's true. Yeah. Amen. It kind of stretches. It moves a little bit. That's the flexibility um of of our souls. We can take what the Lord's saying to us. And so we fly left and right a little bit. It's like somebody says, "Oh, what about this, brother?" It's like, you know, that's so true. Praise the Lord. I never heard that before. So, we get this view looking down on something. We are not bound to a single way of looking at things. We can see the whole thing clearly. And again, that's why we have the different ministries the Lord's put in the church so that we can also um benefit from them to see this uh new perspective as the amnesia fades, as we fly higher. We're seeing from a new perspective. We're seeing the whole thing as as a as a as a whole. Amen. So, we're not looking from the farmyard anymore. And I'm not saying Luther and Wes are in the farmard, but when you're in the farmard, you don't have that angle. You know, I I often think I don't often think, but I have thought in the past, you know, how is it for somebody who's small, a little kid, because I've forgotten what their view is. You know, we got these little dog. We've got a little Jack Russell dog and the world looks different to him. True story. Yeah. He's looking up at everything. It's like I'm massive to him, you know, but for me, he's kind of small. So, how does it look? Well, if you're in the farmyard, if you're looking, you all you're seeing is the things on the floor around you. But if you could just raise that little bit higher, then we can see things clearly. Amen. Get a new perspective. Amen. So, we're born to fly. Amen. And as we're flying, the further we see, we see further the higher we fly. Just go to brother and says in 1962 countdown. I really don't know how to turn the microphone off. I'm so sorry. So, I've got it inside my pocket as well. I don't have it on my belt like everybody else. Miriam's making faces at me. I'm in trouble. All good. All good. Brother says, he says, "We are we all love to talk about Isuza Street. We all love to talk about 50 years ago." And I fussed with you. Listen, we've moved on from 20 years ago. You've still got people that are saying, "Yeah, well, you know, 30 years ago, we saw this and we" It's like, "Yeah, that's nice. That's real nice." But the eagle keeps flying higher. The higher we go, we see more. So, stop looking back at what we saw. Look at what we're seeing now. So, what says, he says, "We love to talk about street. We love to talk about 50 years ago. And I fussed with you all week telling you where we and how far we've lost off from there. But we're so advanced in the spirit of God into other things that we got now that they never even had back there. That's what we're seeing here. They just they they've just left the automobile. They've got the feet off the air so they could have a few spiritual gifts, speaking in tongues, shouting and singing spiritual songs. And they were floating around up there like butterflies. Certainly, sure. That was a great age. But oh brother, we are lifted far beyond that now. The church is way beyond that. the spiritual church. It's in the eagle age now. The astronaut flying on above looking down on the fellow citizen chicken sea. We're far above that. Way up yonder in the heavenlies where Christ becomes the full thing that takes completely over and lives his life and acts through you exactly like he did on earth. Amen. So we see we're flying up yonder and looking down. And notice, I want you to notice now that when you fly higher, when you fly higher Oh, my bad. Oh, did I just [Music] Franco? Franco, my pens have disappeared. What do I do? Hey, oh, Brother Franco's doing it. Excellent. Thank you. Awesome. Okay. So, so Okay. So, when when the eagle flies higher, this is a little person down here. Okay. When the eagle flies higher, you can see further. Okay. So, the guy down here, he can maybe see like to there realistically. We can put a few mountains and stuff in there just make it a bit more realistic. So he can see and even put a tree here. He could see this far. That's it. But the eagle when he's up here, he can see far. He can see further. And the point is is that we can see with the spiritual eyes the Lord's given us. We can actually see where we're going, which would be the new Jerusalem. This is my new Jerusalem here. The four the four rivers coming out there. And there's uh there's brother John in in the new Jerusalem. Amen. So we can see further that way. But listen, if you can see, listen, it's not it's not hard to understand. If I can see five miles in that direction, if I turn around, I can also see five miles in that direction. So the higher we fly, it's not just all about seeing where we've come from or where we're going, but you can see both because our identity is wrapped up in both of these things. So we actually see here before the foundation of the world. We can see all the way back here as well. We can see where we come from. We see where we're going. I think there's that song, isn't there? You know, I can see where I open the seals of my life. See where I'm come from. See where I'm going. We can see that. We we we we see our identity. The higher we fly, the more of our identity we're finding out. The amnesia is fading. The amnesia is fading all the time. The Lord is wanting us to see more. He's wanting us to see further because he's saying come up hither. So if we the higher we go, the Lord never ever ever pushes us down and says you just stay down there now. He always wants us to come higher. He always listen you know the Lord the Lord is in partnership with man. It's like Queen Esther the the king Osorus gives says you can have up to half of my kingdom. And it's the per it's and the Lord Jesus we are joint hes. Listen if we're joint heirs joint means 50/50. Joint doesn't mean 4951. If it's joint, it's if it's joint, it means that it's 50/50. And we are joint hes with Christ. So, it's not like the Lord's just saying, listen, you just stay like two steps down and and you know, I'll be up. Not Notice in Revelations uh three um uh talk about the ladies in church. He says, "I grant I'll grant I will sit with you in my throne." He doesn't say the Lord doesn't say, "Listen, you can just sit at my feet." The Lord doesn't say you can sit, you know, just kind of you you just stay down there. He says, "You will sit with me in my throne because we are joint hes with Christ." Like brother Marcus said, you know, if we if he's the king of glory, we're the queen of glory. It's this joint hes. It's this 50/50. And so the Lord wants us to come up to the level he's on. You know what I mean? He doesn't want us to just stay down. So when he's saying come up hither, he's constantly asking us to come up higher. And the higher we fly, the more we see. Amen. So the bride, she's flying so high in the spirit that she leaves everything behind. All the world, the fusses and cares and you know we we we we end up flying so high that we even leave ourselves behind. You know we leave ourselves the thing that we struggle with all the time. It's like we just leave that behind and we just go higher. You know the the part of us that still wants to be a chicken. Oh come on. You know read between the lines. Brother man's talking about the chicken in the farmyard. He's talking about eating worms and scratchy to the muck heap. Well, everything the world's got to offer is just muck. Come on. And the Lord's calling us away from that. He says, "Come away from you. Come out and be separate. Touch." Listen carefully. The scripture says, "Come out from among them and be separate." It says, "Touch not the unclean thing and I will receive you." It's got a condition on it. It says, "Touch not the unclean thing." You can, it's true story. He says, "Touch not the unclean thing and I will receive you." You see, he wants us to be clean. He wants us to be washed. He's doing all the work. He's bring us and he wants us to be up there on the same level as him. Amen. So, we've got to leave ourselves behind. Any part of us that still wants to be scratching around in the muck of the world, we got to drop it. Get rid of it. Gone. You know, okay. It's important to understand the anointing that's on us that's around us because it affects us in our daily life. Sometimes we don't understand, you know, we probably never will understand the full effect of this anointing that's on the age, this eagle age. You know, I want just quickly before we carry on, I just want to read this. Brother says here in the sixth seal, uh, sixth seal, brother one says, it says, "Father, today we stand here by your grace. It's not because that it's a special people, but it's because just like the day of the lion or the ox or the man, pardon, it's the eagle time. It's the anointing of the hour. It's the time we're living in. It's the working of the Holy Spirit for this particular time to prove that Jesus is not dead. The things that he said he would do just before the evening lights went out. And we're here seeing him do that right down along the road. Brother saying it's the eagle time. He's saying it's the anointing of the hour. It's the time we're living in. You know, we almost get too we get too used to living in the spirit under this anointing. Yeah, we sometimes when's the last time that you brethren sat down and started talking about serpent seed? It's just amazing, isn't it? I mean, who would have thought it? It's amazing. It's like, you know, it's just like what? We don't even talk about these things anymore. True story. We these things we all just we just know these things and it's like every day and we almost get used to living in this in this under this anointing where we can just see so much. We just it's almost like we take it for granted. I don't know if you have that expression here. We just it's just like well it's it's normal and you know I could describe it like I've got to be careful. You see I it's like driving a car and you're doing 70 mph. I actually thought when I was making this note I thought oh you know Germany and sister I've just seen her there. But in Germany there's a lot of places there's no speed limit. So we don't speed. When we go to Germany, you speed according to your car or how brave you are, whatever. But there's no there's no speed limit. So when you're in Germany, it's a big old country. So you you maybe do 100, 120, whatever it is, and just and when you sit there and you drive for four or five hours and you're doing 100 miles an hour, 120, you slow down to 80 miles an hour and it just feels like you just let go of the steering wheel. like, "Oh, seriously." True. True story. Is that right, Sabilla? True story. Yeah, that's how it is. You just get so used to it. And and then you slow down. It's like, are you for real? And you look down, it's like 75. And I think, yeah, but in England, we're only allowed to drive 70 anyway, so that would actually be normal. But because you get used to it, it's just normal. You see what I mean? But maybe the first time when you take it up to that speed, you think, "Oh, mate, this is going a bit fast." But you soon get used to it. And it's kind of like that with us. You kind of get used to it. Um, see, you you'll be on the motorway maybe and even in in in America, then you're doing your 70 and the road works come, you slow down to 60. It feels like you stood still. It's like seriously because we just get so used to We get used to it pretty quickly. pretty quickly we get used to things and it's meanwhile if Henry Ford could have done 60 mph he'd have been like whoa do you know what I mean I think brother Baron tells about the old Model T doing like 15 miles an hour or something you know I mean most Fords will probably do that now what brother John it's okay it's okay it's fine I'm on your side but do you know what I mean it's like back in the day brother the Rams Dave and there have been cars where you know 45 and she's she's she she's topping out at 45 and and now cars that'll just do it's like what? But you see everything's gotten faster. Everything's gotten faster. You know, technology is the same. Technology these days, I mean, I've got my arms down. Who knows how to deal with technology? Who knows how to turn the computer on? Yeah, there you are. Exactly. If the co if Anony's computer takes 30 seconds longer to boot up, throw it in the bin. What? 30 seconds? Seriously? True story. Yeah. If it takes What is it? It's just like come on. You know what I mean? Because And why is it that you come on? It's like come on. Why? Because we get so used to it being a certain speed. It's like everything's getting faster and and truly everything's sped up and we get used to it and as soon as it slows down it's like meanwhile back in the day have you ever stopped and thought with one person's mobile phone in here you know world wars 50 60 70 years ago could have been solved think about it you know the technology when you see what they did what one mobile phone can do the the information that goes in and out the all the whole world trade like in the 40s and 50s would have gone through one mobile phone. You see what I mean? It's just it's just mindblowing. My dad my dad when he was um probably Anony's age, he worked in um in London in a insurance something or something and it was insurance company or something. They were just transforming over to computers. Everything was going to be digital and I think it was on cards, stamped cards. And he does anybody in here know about that stuff? Yeah, there we go. He tells me this story. They they were the they were the newest thing ever. And all the customer cards that was all handwritten, they were inputed into this computer. And this computer was like the size of a house almost and basically it was just dots and dashes and that was it. It's like, can you imagine like information that goes on one mobile phone? We've got all the messages on one phone and it takes up like how many gigabytes is it kids? What? like 2 3 GB and your phone's got like 512. It's like what? Well, like shelves and shelves of tapes and books and it's all just on a phone. It's just see what I mean? Everything's just got so fast and we get used to it. If if if Brother Franco if he didn't sort that thing out as quick as he did, I would have been upset. Do you? It's just everything's f Why? Why? What's taking so long? Come on. Let's Let's be on. Let's Let's go. All good. Anyway, we get used to we get used to it and anything less than full speed isn't acceptable anymore. But that's how it is in this eagle age for us. We I get used to flying so high. Yeah. And the things that we see, we just get we get used to like I said, we don't discuss these anymore. We don't talk about things like like you know the foundational things because it's just well you know there there's other things we've we've gone higher and it still doesn't mean it's gone away. Don't forget that this picture here don't forget that this one here these things still remain. You we don't talk about it's our foundation is still there. It's still true. So it's not like oh no we don't need that anymore. No no no it's just there but we're moving on. We're moving higher. So we get so used, don't forget the scripture says, it says in Luke 10, turn to Luke 10:23 and 24, that the things that we are seeing, the prophets longed to see. It says here in Luke 10, Luke 10, forgive me. Truly forgive me. I know you love me. I feel really bad. I'm still sweating and everything, but it's all good. The Lord is good. And sister Susanna would have said, "Tmi, it's all good. We love the Lord." Uh, so 10 Luke 10:23-24. She taught me that the other day. I'm also learning. 23- 24 it says, "And he turned unto them his disciples and said privately, blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see. For I tell you that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see and have not seen them. To hear those things which ye hear and have not heard them. You know, just Henry Ford longed to see a car that did 25 miles an hour. You know, that's the natural side of things. Here in the spiritual side, it says many prophets and kings. We're talking about prophets back in the day who we just look at. We're like Elijah, you know, Elisha, Jeremiah, all these ones. They the see like the prophet, many prophets would love to see in detail the things that we see. Kings, kings and prophets, the ones who the word of the Lord came to in part. But now because of this eagle anointing we can we've been shown these things clearly and and for us it's just like well the computer's taking 30 seconds longer let's you know it what sometimes we get used to it sometimes we get used to it sometimes you know for us it becomes almost too normal does anybody you don't put your hand up does anybody ever get depressed Does anybody ever feel down? You see, I can tell you now that we most people most people we have our ups and downs, but sometimes there's people that they kind of get real depressed, real depressed, real down, real and many of us feel that way, but it doesn't mean that you're lost. You see, this is why it's so important to understand the anointing that's under us this this day. Pardon me if I can just draw you this little picky. See this this is quite nice this picture. So this is you. This little guy at the bottom. This is you. The one whoever feels like down and the here now I looked at what the tallest building is in America and I couldn't get it. So this is the Empire State Building. Huh? It used to be the big one, didn't it? Yeah. Okay. So that's the Empire State Building. So you go to church on Sunday and the Lord, you know, listen, it's not always the huge revelations that really touch our hearts that help us along the way. Sometimes it's just a tiny little drop. But I always say if one word from the Lord, if brother Ram said when he saw the vision of the Lord, when he saw the Lord in the vision form, he said he it just one look from him would turn the world upside down. So if the Lord one word, imagine what one word from the Lord could do. So if we just go home with one word, it's more than I could ever say. We go to church on Sunday and the Lord drops something in our heart and this is this is us here and immediately our um I'm going to draw it in pink cuz it's too can't see it. Immediately we saw so high in our spirit. We're right up to that level. Remember that's the Empire State Building. And immediately we're right up there. We're in the spirit and we're seeing the things that the prophets and the kings long to see. But because we're in the flesh, flesh, Monday morning, Tuesday morning, there's fleshy things that come along and we we've got to go back to daily life. And we actually come down. Now, I just want you to see this nicely. So we're right up here in the spirit in the heavenlies is with that eagle anointing and now suddenly we come down and we're about here and we're up and down. So now the whole point with this whole um sorry brother the whole point see now we've come down and we're on this oh that's it. It's the end. It's the end. We're totally it feels like Monday Tuesday morning. It feels like we are so lost. It feels like we're so depressed. It feels like we're down. It's like the end of the world. Because we humans now, this is the problem with humans is now Monday morning, we've been we've had we've had services. I think the kids last Sunday with Marcus, brother Marcus, and then in the afternoon they had and they were right up there. Oh, Monday, Tuesday, something might have happened and next thing they're down and they're just floating along. Oh, you know, and because we're human beings, we tend to find we tend to look for a reason why, you know, oh, I've got a headache. Why? Why? We've always got to have an explanation for everything. So, oh, I'm depressed. I'm depressed. Meanwhile, you've just been driving on the autoban doing 120 and now you've slowed down to 70, which for everyone else is normal. We are not normal people. We're eagles. See, we get carried away. Meanwhile, your neighbor, your neighbor's here. Yeah. And when he's up and down, I'll draw it in green. When he's up and down, he's like this. And when he's good, he's like this. See what I mean? So, actually, you've just come down to you're so used to being up there. And this isn't this is why I think people say the the convention blues or something is it. So, is that right? It's like you're up there and it's just surrounded by Christians and he's just talking out the word. You're singing psalms and it's just right. And then you're back to life again. you got to go to work with the big hairy tattooed guys and it's just like oh lord you know and but but actually when we're so up cuz when we go up we don't just go up we go up and so and when we come down we're actually oh we're only coming down you're not depressed we're not down we just come down to like the normal what's normal for normal people you know yesterday morning went to Walmart and uh does this guy everyone's so friendly here. Everyone's so friendly. So we we're walking down and there's this I think that's is it when you order stuff on the internet somebody goes around with a trolley and there's this there's this dude and he's he's pushing his trolley and we stood to one side and he said oh he said how you going there and we were like good. Yeah you he said I'm doing real good. And I was like, "Mate, this guy's so friendly." But actually, he said, "I'm doing pretty good." Yeah, really good. And he was just so happy. And I just thought, mate, this he was genuinely super happy. You know what I mean? I mean, he's in in worldly terms, he was up there. And don't forget up there is like where the two lines meet. So, he was up there. And I thought if a worldly chap can feel so happy pushing one of those shopping carts, how happy should we be? How happy should we be? You know, the point is we just get so high we come down to what their absolute happy is. You know what I mean? In our spiritual side, maybe maybe you're feeling dodgy, you know, sick or something and you might not be feeling that good, but in your spirit, even when you're feeling sick, you don't feel like down and oh, no one loves me, the Lord doesn't love me. Oh, we're just always so if how much happier should we be? I mean this this the people are just so people are so happy just with normal jobs we should be super super happy. Amen. See when we start to see something in the eternal word something so simple and it anchors in our hearts and suddenly we we saw right up the top again. And sometimes it helps us to understand that why are we so up and down? Do you know what I mean? Sometimes we struggle with ourselves. Why are we so happy and then so down and so h? It's because we're just kind of under this anointing that the smallest little thing will lift us higher. Do you know what I mean? It'll lift us higher and we we'll start flying super high and then we're down to actually normal level which we feel is super down but it's not. We are not normal people. We're the Lord bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're just living in this body. Amen. Okay. And there's a constant tug of war obviously between your spiritual side which is real you and the flesh of you. Okay. Let's try and turn a corner now. Let's just read the last part of this quote here. It's the rising of the sun. Uh brother B says here and God knows hallelujah. He's got predestinated four ordained church. He knowed he's got sons and daughters and a bride waiting somewhere. And when the Holy Spirit begins to fly over it, that wave sheath, oh my, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Not some mythical story, but a reality. No matter how many tried to tell him an eagle, he didn't know what an eagle was. Yet, he was an eagle. He would not understand it until he seen something that reflected him, that he reflected rather. So, notice this little fella didn't know what it meant to be an eagle. But he was one, but he didn't know what it meant until he saw something that he reflected. And he didn't see, we didn't know that we were a part of God. And we didn't know that we were sons and daughters of God until we saw something. We saw something that reflected from the inside of us out. Something inside us, the life inside us that was laying in there. When we heard the message, something responded. Something way down inside. You know, amnesia. just the smallest little something, a little glimpse of something and it triggers a memory and sometimes that's how it is and the amnesia starts to lift from off of us. You know, brother talks about the soldier. He talks about the soldier. I'm not going to read. I'll just paraphrase it. So So brother talks about the soldier and he's he's shell shocked. He comes back. He's on the train and the soldiers let him out for a little stretch of the legs or whatever. And the guy sits there and he looks at the he starts looking around and he starts scratching his face and watching and he sees the water tower and he's like looking at the water tower and then he he starts walking and and the soldiers they kind of watch him from a distance and let him go and and he he follows a path around and he goes around this path and brother tells a story goes around the back and over the back of a hill or something and there is a house and there is his father who's waiting for him and the father says I always knew you'd come back to me and so on and so forth. So for this soldier that was lost, the memory that was triggered, it was a water tower. And when we hear the word of God preached, we can't explain it. Just like the soldier, he at that point in time, he would not have been able to explain it. See, the soldier at this point in time when he sees the water tower, don't forget when we first heard the message, something said, "Yeah, that that's it." Yeah. But we still didn't know who we were. Yeah, we didn't know our identity. This soldier boy, he's there. He sees the water tower. Something inside him is tugging on his heart, but he still doesn't know his identity. He walks around the path with every footstep he's taking. The amnesia is fading, but he still doesn't know his identity. He comes face to face with his father. He still doesn't know his identity. It takes the father to identify the son. See, we don't always just like, okay, I heard the message and boom, that was it. Really? Nice testimony. Next story. No, no, no. We heard the message. Something inside us is like, mate, there's something there. But it was just something there. And we go further. We go further until eventually we get there. We see through a glass darkly. Then face to face, suddenly we're seeing, "Mama, that's me." See what I mean? We're going up these steps of life and by faith we walk. We hear something familiar. It wasn't a water tower. It was maybe something else. But we hear something familiar and by faith we just keep walking down this little path. We don't know where it's going to end. Did anybody in here know that they would end up sitting in this chair when they were like 12? Anybody? Any hands? No. No. See, so but you're walking by faith. But you end where you end up is in front of the father and it's the voice behind the voice that's actually calling out to you and identifying you. The the scream from the eagle was the identification of who he was going to be when he reached maturity. Amen. And the soldier saw the water tank and he just kept on walking. He didn't know his identity. just kept going. You know, it takes the heavenly father that's waiting for us to give us our identity, to show us. And then you'll find yourself then when you hear the scream, when he stands face to face and he's saying, "Oh, brother Mike, he's standing there and brother Mike sees face to face." Huh? And now when he looks after all these years, he looks into the father's face and listen carefully. The resemblance that he sees is so close. Yes, it can only be a father and son. It can only be the resemblance is too close. It can only be. You've got, you know, you've got the um the Pittsenbar family. The the the resemblance is too close. the child and David. It's too close. It has to be a father and son. It's got to be. And this is when you come that close to this relationship. The father, he is standing face to face. He says, "You're my son." He's telling you your identity. Our identity is found in the resemblance between you and the father. The bride, she becomes this reflection of him. Amen. And we are molded and made into his very image. Now listen, we started out at the water trough. That's where we started. The soldier boys started out at the water at the water tower. I said water trough. The water tower. We started out at the water tower, but we still didn't know who we were. That's where we started out. But something we knew we were on the right path. We didn't know where it was going to end. If you'd have asked a soldier, well, where's the path going to go? He wouldn't know. All he knows is just one foot in front of the other. We don't know where it's going to end. We just got to keep walking. Amen. We don't know if the Lord comes this year or next year. We don't know. We just walk by faith. We just keep walking. Just keep walking. You know, we started out in the farmyard. Water trough. The water trough. I said it again. Farm boy. Sorry. We don't have water towels. We got water troughs. Water. Water tower. You start out the water tower. You start out in the farmyard. Wherever you are, you start out and you just keep going. But listen, our we don't know where it ends, but our end is predestinated. Our end is predestinated. Let's go back to our first scripture. It's Ephesians 1. I'm going to read 3-5 again. Ephesians 1:3-5. Amen. It says, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who will bless us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will." So now on this picture here, here we can write a number four and a number five. Yeah, this can be a number five. Oh, it's spread. Oh, that's it. So, here we can write a number five. And here we can write number four. That's verse four. And that's verse five. Verse four tells us where we've come from. Right before the foundation of the world. And verse five tells us where we're going. We are predestinated unto the adoption of children. So that's where we're when you say that's where we're going, the adoption of children. We're predestinated. We can see our future. Hallelujah. Okay. Where were we? There we go. So, when we're predestinated, predestinated, I like to say predestinationed because our destination is preset. It just makes it easier to understand almost. But pre, you know, it's like your satnav. It's like it's like when you buy one of those satnavs and it's secondhand and someone's already gone to New York and you're trying to type in but I want to go to Cincinnati and it won't let you because it's preset. See that's a bit like our life. You in your life you might have tried to go one way or the other. You might have tried to oh BCF no I prefer and and the Lord keeps bringing you back or oh you know and the Lord brings you back. The Lord's it's preset and it's kind of our GPS is kind of a bit broken. You know, it's one destination's entered in there and that's it. So, we're predestinated. We can't change where we're going. It's done. And for us, that's beautiful. You know, we are predestinated unto adoption. Now, adoption is not speaking, we've been over this many times, it's not speaking of somebody adopting a child, somebody else's child. It's not. It's speaking of a son reaching maturity. And when the sun reaches maturity, I'm going to have to blow my nose. I'm so sorry. Brother Franco, can you turn the eight? That was good. Awesome. Yeah, that was brilliant learning. Listen, adoption is when the son is mature enough that he reflects the father in such a way that when you look at the son, you're seeing the father. You see the father then when the son reaches his adoption the f he's the son is in such a position of maturity that the father can take his own ring and put it on his hand. Yeah. And whatever the son does it's done in the father's name. And when a son reaches the level of adoption and there is a level of adoption. There is a level of adoption. So this is the level of adoption. This is 100 just for numbers. This is 50. This is zero. This is the level of adoption. So when a son is going to grow up into that level of adoption, when he finally gets there, it's the father speaking. This is where we want to get to this speak. When the son reaches maturity, when the son reaches maturity, he's so in tune. He's so in tune with his father that he knows what his father wants done. He's so in tune that before the father even speaks, he says it. And it's exactly what the father wants to say. And when the bride reaches this level of maturity, and notice she's predestinated to reach this level. There is no way around it. The satnav is is put in. There's no way around it. She's predestinated to get to this level. When she reaches this level, when she reaches this level, all the amnesia is gone. All there's nothing more to cloud her judgment. You could say she's so in tune with the uh bridegroom that the wireless connection that was lost there in the Garden of Eden is now being restored. Now the bride's back online. You know, I mean, she there's that connection. She knows. She knows. She's just speaking it. She knows what he wants done to be said. Um, Matthew 10. Let's go to Matthew 10. Matthew 10:17-20. Matthew 10. Matthew 10:17-20. It says, "Beware of men, for they will deliver you up to councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues. Ye should be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them under the Gentiles." Verse 19. But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what you shall speak, for it shall be given you in that same hour what you shall speak. For it is not ye that speak, but the spirit of your father which speaketh in you. Amen. So here's the key. The bride gets to such a point where she is so filled with his spirit. Yeah. That when she speaks, all that comes out is him. She's so filled with the with the spirit. Don't forget the spirit is the life of God. It's the intelligence of God. It's not just like being filled with something else. It's the life. It's the intelligence of God. Whenever she opens her mouth, it just comes out what he wants to say. You know, as an example, it's like you get a big old bucket. I'm going to say a big bucket like this. And you fill it to the top with lemonade. Yeah. And you drill a little hole in the bottom. Now, you put your finger over there. What? Whichever way that you move, something's going to come out. And whatever's going to come out, everyone's going to get covered. You know what I mean? And whatever's comes out is what's in there. And the reason I say a big old bucket is because there's plenty of it in there. And there's plenty of his spirit in us. So that whatever uh little finger, whatever you move the finger on, it's going to come out what's in there. And whatever which way, the reason I say big bucket, I've done it myself. You just move wiggle your finger a little bit and it starts leaking out. You can, you know, it you can't help it. It just comes out. And that's kind of where we are. It's the thoughts of God. It's the life of God that every time you open your mouth, it just it just comes out. Every time you pull your finger away, the lemonade just comes out. Every time you you can't listen, you can't take your finger away from the hole and nothing comes out. You can't open your mouth without the life of God being shed abroad, you know. Amen. That's that's all there is to it. The Lord's got when we get to the point of adoption, the Lord puts the ring on our finger. It's permanent. Listen, have you ever seen a marriage where they come to the front, put the ring on the finger, 5 minutes later say, "Ah, nah, take it off." No, you can't. When the ring's on the finger, you can't take it back again. Do you mean when the ring when the ring's put on the finger and and and adoption when the father gives the son the ring and he says you've done it now that's it you're at that level you're mature enough whatever you say is what I say 5 minutes later he can't take it away from us do you know what I mean he can't take it away from us so this is a permanent thing the adoption is a permanent thing you know the picture of what he had of you before the foundation of the world is complete and this is that level of adoption that we're getting to. It's where whatever he look, the Lord's wanting us to get to this point where he's just telling us just speak. He's wanting us to get to the point where we are so filled with him, so mature, so in tune, so in line with what he with his spirit that everything we say and do is just him. That's what he's wanting us to get to. He's wanting to live through this God in partnership with man. is wanting to manifest himself through a people, through a bride, and it's time for us to speak. Michelangelo and the statue of Moses. You know, the statue was born in a granite rock pile somewhere. Just an old farmyard, maybe back of a farmyard. It was just born there before he started working it. The granite piece had no idea what it was. No idea what it was. But when it was finished, when it had gone through the whole process, the making, the molding, the shaping, the polishing, when it had gone through the whole process, it was so perfect. It was so in the image of how he'd seen it before the foundation of the mucky behind the rock that was in the You know what I'm saying? It was so in the image that he struck it and he said speak. Let's read this. Brother says God's provided a place of worship. Speaking about this, I stood on yonder in Los Angeles forest garden one day. My heart jumped. How many's ever been in forest lawn? There's a statue of Moses by Michelangelo. It's perfect statue all but on the right knee. There's a nick about half an inch deep. And the guide I was looking at pointed out to me. He said, "Michelader spent a lifetime trying to make he was a sculpture who was trying to make the image of Moses back in his mind. He had in mind what Moses should look like. He had it in his heart what Moses should look like. He had spent a lifetime a chisel here and rub there, stand back, look at it. Year after year, how many years has he been working on us? Year after year, he worked on it. Finally, when it was completed, he stepped back, laid the down his rag and his hammer. He looked at the statue. It was so perfect. the image of Moses that he had in his heart till he got so beside himself that he grabbed the hammer and struck it and hollered speak. It's called Michelangelo's masterpiece. That great something in that sculpture, that vision that he had of what Moses ought to be with was only portraying in type of the great father God. Amen. The Lord's good. See, the statue didn't just appear. The statue took many years of his life. You know, year after year, the process seeking out the rock, you know, Alabama, wherever it was, wherever that the statue was, seeking it out. And where was it? Rocky Top. We said, whatever it is, seeking out the the the thing that had no idea what it was going to be. The statue, the rock, had no idea what it was going to be. Brother Bob back there, he had no idea what he was going to be. No idea until the Lord started working and working and working. But you see, whenever the process was all finished and done, it was so perfect that the creator gets to the point where what he sees in front of him is what was in his heart and he hits it and he says, "Speak." It's so real that he says, "Christ, speak." And you see when we when we see ourselves in this story all the years that we've been going through until we reach this predestinated point when we get to this point of adoption when we get to this remember this point of adoption is predestinated. It says we're predestinated unto adoption. We there's no way around it. We we we're going to reach this level. Each one of us will reach this level. And see when this when we get when we reach this level of adoption and notice it's only when the statue is finished when the statue is finished when the creator of the statue actually sees in front of him what was in his mind so perfectly so perfectly exactly what he saw before he started. Then he strikes and he shouts speak. And you know, the Lord is getting us slowly to this place where he's wanting us to speak. You know, we're getting to the place where where we are matching the picture of what he had of us before the foundation of the world. And you know, even if you think of Queen Esther, Queen Esther pleased the king, she was so in tune with with with how he thought. She was so in tune with him that that when she came to him, she knew what garments she had to wear. She knew how to conduct herself. She and and it was when you know when she was dressed in the garments that he gave her. And so you could almost say that she was clothed in his righteousness. You know, it wasn't her own. She didn't go and buy those. It was his clothes. So she was clothed in his clothes of righteousness. And you know, she was so pleased him. And when she did, he said, "Speak. Whatever it is, speak. But don't forget, whatever we speak is going to be in line with what he wants us to say because we're so in tune. Let's just read Eleazar and Rebecca, Brother Franco. Thank you. Thank you. Uh Genesis 24 if we can. Genesis 24. I just want to see a few little a few little a few little examples here if we can. 24 Genesis 24 and we'll read 12-9. 12-1 19. So Eleazar's gone. He's outside the city wall now next to the well and he's praying to the Lord. He says, "Oh Lord, God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day. Show kindness unto my master Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the well of water, and the daughters of men of the city come out and draw water. Verse 14. And let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, let down thy picture, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also, that the same be she, that thou hast appoint thy servant Isaac, and thereby I shall know that thou hast shown kindness unto my master. And it came to pass before he had done speaking that behold Rebecca came out who was born of Bethul son of Maha the wife of Nahor Abraham's brother and with her picture on her shoulder and the dams was very fair to look upon a virgin neither had any man known her. And she went down to with well and filled her picture and came up and the servant ran to meet her and said let me I pray thee drink a little water of thy picture and she said drink my lord and she hastened and let down her picture upon her hand and gave him drink. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, "I will draw water for like camels also until they have done drinking." Amen. So notice here, this is quite beautiful because she finishes the sentence. This is very nice. I like this. She finishes the sentence and by her finishing he only says half and he lets her say the other half. But but what is this? Basically, it's speak. She is speaking what is actually in the heart of Eliza. She is actually speaking the unspoken part which he wanted to say. He wanted it that way which was actually him being led of the Lord. So it's what the Lord it's the mind of God and she finishes a sentence speak. She is finishing the sentence. You know the children of God being so in tune with God that the God is speaking through them. Let's just have one more example. And I like this little example. It's verse uh Acts chapter 9. Acts chapter 9 if we can. Acts chapter 9. Acts chapter 9. And we're going to read 9 to 18. 9 to8. So now this is Paul. Saul. Paul. Paul who's been blinded. Struck off the horse as it were off the horse. struck down to the floor. And um yeah, it says here, we're going to read from verse 9. It says, "And he was three days without sight. Neither did he eat nor drink. He's gone into Damascus." Now, Paul's going to Damascus. Verse 10, "And there was a certain disciple at Damascus named Ananas." See, this is the body of the Lord. The Lord uses the body of the Lord. So, Ananas uh named Ananas. And to him, said the Lord in a vision, Ananas, and he said, "Behold, here I am, Lord." And the Lord said unto him, "Arise and go into the street which is called straight, and inquire at the house of Judas, for one called Paul Saul of Tarsus. And behold, he prayth, and I've seen in a vision a man named Ananas coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive sight." Then Ananas answered, "Lord, I've heard by many of this man, how much evil you hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem, and here he hath authority from the chief priest to bind all that call on thy name." But the Lord said unto him, "Go thy way, for he is a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the kings, Gentiles and kings, and the children of Israel, for I will show him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake." And Ananas went his way, entered into the house, putting on hands, putting hands on him, said, "Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way, as thou camest, he hath sent me, and thou might that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost." And immediately they fell off his eyes as it had been scales and he rei received sight forth with and arose and was baptized. Now maybe you've seen this in here, maybe you haven't. Check this out. In verse 12, Ananas sees a vision from the Lord. Okay. Says in verse 12, "And he hath seen in a vision a man a man named Ananas coming in putting his hand on him that he might receive sight." Notice that he might receive sight. Full stop. Yeah. When Ananas prays for him. Ananas finishes the sentence. Verse 17. If we read the end of verse 17, he says, "Brother Saul, halfway through, the Lord, even Jesus that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, he hath sent me that thou mightest receive thy sight." Now, that's all that Ananas saw in the vision. Yeah, but he finishes a sentence and he says, "And be filled with the Holy Ghost." He never said nothing about that. So Ananas is actually here. He's finishing. It's the same thing again. He's speaking something that's actually from the heart of the Lord and immediately this from his eyes received scales and he received sight forth and he rose and was baptized. So immediat see what I mean. So in one, so this is a nice example again of where the Lord is just using somebody using the bride to speak to say something. How many times has the Lord use you to speak to another brother? How many just cuz you stand here doesn't how many times has the minister been encouraged. You go to someone's house and they'll say something and it's direct from the heart of the Lord to you just what you needed. Yeah. Yeah. But I thought I was the one I'd say it all. No, no, no. You don't even realize half the time what you guys say. You see, the Lord is using you to speak. He's using you. Amen. The Lord's good. The Lord's calling us to adoption. He's calling us to to to that level where he can just speak. It's our turn. We've got to speak to Brother M says, I I like this. This is in the church age book, Leian Church. He says, and we know we've read this a thousand times. He says, "In the dark ages, the word almost was entirely lost to the people." Notice here it says when you read it, it says in the dark ages the word was almost entirely lost to the people. The word wasn't lost. It was lost to the people. Yeah. The word wasn't lost. The word was never lost. Okay. So, the word was almost entirely lost to the people. But God sent Luther with the word. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time. What is it? Speak. See, during the time of of Luther, that's the um that's this one here. The uh that's this little one here. The red one. Oh. Oh, the red one. They were saying, "No, no, no. It's it's a tall block of houses just to live by faith. It's this. It's that." And actually, that was the Lord speaking through his people. The Lord was speaking through his people there. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time. But they organized. And again, the pure word was lost. For organization tends towards dogmas and creeds and not simple word. They could no longer speak for God. Then God sank Wesley and he was the voice of the word in his day. The people who took his revelation from God became the living epistles read and known of all men for their generation. A living epistle an epistle is a letter from God. An epistle is a written is a written record. A written record and this is the pardon me the word of God. So the people who took the revelation from God became the living epistles read and known of all men. So whoever was reading the men were basically reading the message. They became the word for that day. So when the Methodists failed, God raised up others. And so it has gone on through the years until this last day. There is again another people in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age. And of course that I'm drawing all over here. I don't know what I'm doing. That's it. That's this eagle anointing. That's this top one. This is Oh yeah. Sorry, brother. I'm making a bit of a mess. I want to go back to this one because I'm going to be here in a minute. All good. Okay, sweet. So, amen. So, the Lord is wanting us. The bride is the final voice. Now, if we've got a voice, then a voice has to speak. If we haven't got a voice and we don't speak, then what's the point? And if the bride is the final voice, the final age, we also have to speak. We've also got to live this word. Our life is the word word for word in flesh form. And it's for all the world to see. We are this this this epistle to read of all men. Go to 2 Corinthians, please. 2 Corinthians, verse chapter 3. 2 Corinthians, chapter 3, and we're going to read 1:5. 2 Corinthians 3 1:5. It says, "Do we begin to again to commend ourselves or need we as some others explain uh sorry exists of commendation to you or letters of commendation from you? Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men. For as much as ye are manifested declared to be the epistle of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in the fleshy tables of the heart, in and such trust we have through Christ toward uh God. Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think anything of ourselves, but our sufficiency is of God. Amen. Notice in verse three, the bride of that day. So Paul's writing here, the bride of our day, he says in verse three, for as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ, listen carefully, ministered by us. Okay, so the church of that day was the an epistle. They had become the word and they had become the an epistle of the message for that day. That's right. Right. So now they become this walking talking word that everyone can see which was the exact message that Paul preached. And so the believers are like they they were basically living walking message books you could say and tapes of the message for that day. Um Luther Wesley same thing same thing which is basically what brother Ram's saying here in the church age book. It's the same thing in each age they become. In fact, brother says in the church change book, he says, he says, "Then God sent Wesley, there were a voice with the word in his day, the people who took his revelation for God became the living epistles read and known of all men for their generation." So we too, we too, we are walking, we are written epistles read of all men, not just of Wesley's message, but of this message, of the last days's message, which is why we become the final voice of the final age because we are that walking talking message books. You know, brother B says they will not read the Bible. It's not the message is not only in book form anymore. It's not only in tape form. It's not only on the computer. It's also living. It's a living message books. And we are that. But says here in 1962, it wasn't so from the beginning. He says now that's the way each one of us ministers do. We reflect God as God is in us. And then the only way that God can move is and people see God is through we his servants. That's how people won't read a Bible, but they'll read you. See, and so you reflect Christ. Your walks, your talks, your actions, all reflect Christ. You might not think it. People are watching you, but they're watching every move you make. You are a Bible to many people. Therefore, we've got to watch what we do, our business deals, everything we do, and our entire walk. Just yield ourselves to the spirit, and God will reflect himself through you. As I said, like a vine. Jesus said in John 15, "I'm the vine. You are the branches." Now remember, the vine does not bear fruit. It's the branch that bears fruit, but he gets life from the vine. Pardon me. Notice how people won't even read the Bible anymore, but they'll read you. You know, how many times how many times do does it would it annoy us if if you knew that somebody was um using the scriptures in a in a in a wrong way, misquing the scriptures, twisting them, turning them around to say something else? that we we wouldn't be happy. But don't forget our life's the same thing. We are the living walking. And if we live our life anything other than what the message for our day says, then we're actually giving a false representation of this. You know what I mean? It's quite it's a serious position. It's a serious position that we have. We are reflecting the word to the world. You know, the Lord's good. The amount of revelation we have should also be reflected because don't forget if they were the if they were the messenger if they were the written epistles for Paul in that day it was for the level of word and in each church age they were reflecting for the level of word if we what so now we're representing a closed book the book's open the mysteries are revealed and and we've been shown who we are we've been shown how we're to live and what we're to do if we reflect anything other than that we're misrepres presenting the word. You know, we've got to reflect. Remember, we're standing in front of that mirror and that reflection is him. So, that's what we've got to be showing to the world. Amen. Okay. So, the bride is the final voice. And if she is the final voice, then she's got to speak. And the Lord is telling us that we are that final voice. We have to speak. We've got no choice. We have to live. The Lord wants us to use our voice. He wants to use our voice to speak. He wants to use your life to manifest himself to the world to speak. You know, in closing, I like I like what brother Andrea said in Poland. He said, "Job's testing began at the level of perfection." Job's testing began at that level of adoption. That's true. When you read the book of Job, it's sat the Lord's challenging Satan say, "Yeah, but have you seen Job? He's perfect. He's perfect in every way. There's no one like him. See, Job had reached that level and then the testing begins. So, how many think I mean, listen, only when the statue was perfect. Yeah. Did the big old hammer come out. Yeah. Only when the statue was perfect did he grab a big old hammer and give it a smack. Yeah. And say, "Speak." Amen. See, Job's testing began when he was perfect in the eyes of the Lord. You know, sometimes we're up and a bit up and a bit down. And sometimes we wonder why we go through these trials and all the things that we go through. And as soon as we go through trials, immediately the first thing we think is, "Oh, I haven't prayed enough." You know, oh Lord, I haven't testified enough. I haven't I haven't done enough for the kingdom. You know, if we if we did everything that we could physically do for the kingdom, it would still not be enough. That's right. You know, but immediat as soon as something the enemy comes in, you know, oh Lord, what have I done? We're immediately looking at ourselves. We've always got this explanation for things. What's wrong with us? Lord, is it this? Is it that? What is it? But remember, we are the written epistles. We're read of all men. The Lord wants us to speak. The Lord wants us to just live. And sometimes we go through things in life tests so that actually the way that we react to a situation, someone's watching. It's like and the way that you react if it's just the Lord the Lord bang the nails in. He didn't he didn't complain. He didn't complain. He just let them do it. You know, and the way that he reacted had an effect on many people. That's right. The way that you react has an effect on more people than you think. Cuz if you work in a if you work in a business, people are watching you all the time. People are watching you and people are making comments to try and you know, they might tell some stupid joke. It's like that's so funny really. And they're like, you know what? You're not entering into their stupid joke. You know what I mean? It's just you're raising above it and they're looking at you and then they'll and then they'll they'll say something else and maybe next week they'll say something else. What are they doing? They're constantly seeing how you react and then you go to work and you're 2 minutes from work in your car engine explodes. That's it. She's done. She's toast. And you walk the rest of the work and you're late to work. What's wrong? Car blew up 2 milesi down the road. Would you believe it? What? Aren't you upset? Are you going to swear and get angry? No, it's okay. The Lord the Lord will help me. It's fine. It's okay. Don't worry about it. And the Lord like what? You see what I mean? That sometimes the Lord allows things to happen and it's not to punish you. Sometimes it's just for the guy next door that's watching you and it's like, mate, he's just dropped a huge piece of steel on his foot and it's bleeding and he's not he's not screaming at it. Do you know what I mean? See what I mean? Sometimes that too is a voice that's speaking. The reading, the way that we react. You know, the Lord, he's prepared us. The Lord the Lord prepared the Lord's predestinated us to the level of affection to to the level of perfection. And you know, there is a big difference. My final drawing of the day. There's a big difference between this is supposed to be Oh, pardon me. There's a big difference between this. Yeah. And this one. You know what I'm saying? There's a big difference between reaching adoption when the Lord has done it, carried you through every trial and a test. And there's a difference between hanging on saying, "Oh Lord, yeah, that's me. I'm ready. I'm ready." No, no, no. The Lord knows when we're ready. The Lord knows. We are predestining. We're in the Lord's hand. He's holding us. He's lifting us up to that level of perfection. We don't have to start jumping at it. We don't have to start hanging off it, trying to hang on with the little finger. Say, "Lord, but you said but you said." Just relax. Live the life. The Lord has predestinated us into that adoption. And we are now coming to that point where he's wanting us to speak. He's wanting us to speak. And the amnesia's left us. Don't forget that when you when we're reaching that point, the amnesia is clearly away. Now, on a bad day, do we ever think, "Oh, Lord, I'm totally lost and you don't love me anymore." No. No. On a bad day, when we have a bad day, do we do we think thoughts of, "Oh, well, maybe I wasn't in him before the foundation of the world." No. No, we don't. No. No. Because we're there. We know who we are. The amnesia has left us. You know, it's time for us to step up and speak. It's time for us to step up and Lord, what would you have me do today? How would you have me live today? You know, we're soaring up in the heavenlies. The Lord wants us to speak. And he wants us to speak what's on his heart. He wants us to finish the sentence. He wants us to say what he wants us to say. You know the Lord's prayer. When the Lord taught us to pray, there's pray there's no um space in there for our own ideas. You know that? Yeah. Yeah. I can read it to you. Actually, it's Matthew 6, isn't it? Yeah, it's Matthew 6. Matthew 6 uh verse 10 verse 9. After this manner, therefore, pray ye says, "Our Father identification which are in heaven, hallowed be thy name." What's it starting with? It's starting with praise. This is how the Lord taught us to pray. He starts with praise. Doesn't start with, "Oh Lord, please do this. Please do that." No, it starts with praise. Verse 10, "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. Let your what we're doing, what we're saying, let that voice that's coming out of my lips now, let that be according to what is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread." Yeah, but what about next week? No, no, never mind about next week. step by step walking around the mountain, water towers on the right hand side, day by day. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the power, the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen. That's it. See, it's about his will. It's about heaven coming down. It's about the Lord living through a people. Don't premeditate what you're going to say. Don't premed, oh Lord, he wants me to speak. Don't go out there and start trying to speak. Don't. Because when it's the right time, the Lord will speak through you. But if we just stay in tune, then when that time comes, then we'll just speak what he wants us to say. You see, the Lord has used the prophets to speak. The Lord has used the apostles to speak. The Lord used the the reformers to speak. He's used the bride in every age to speak. He wants us to speak. He wants us to live. He wants to us to be the the the word manifested for this day so that the world can see actually listen the world needs to be able to see what brother preached. Yeah. The world needs to see because we are written epistles of the word for this day. So actually the world needs to be able to see our life and say well hang about that's real different to what I know Christianity. What's all that about? Will you see? And you can tell them, but it should be reflecting what actually what the message for this day is. Amen. Let's just stand up and let's just praise as brother Chad comes. Just want to thank the Lord. We want to thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for health and strength, Lord. Thank you for your word, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that the end is predestinated, Lord. Lord, we will reach that level adoption, Lord. You've got your hand under us. You're holding us carefully, Lord. You've lifted us up through all the trials, Lord. Though we're tested daily, Lord, we realize that only after the statue was perfect, Lord, did Moses did Michelangelo strike it. And Lord, your testing, Lord, starts with Job a perfection. We love you, Lord. We just thankful, Lord, for your hand upon us, Lord. Continue with us. We pray, lead us, guide us, direct us, use us, we pray. We just thank you, Lord. And pray a blessing on people here, Lord Jesus, and around the world. Speak to Lord, your people, your children, wherever they are. Keep keep lifting us higher. We want to soar high. We want to look down. We want to see things clearly from that point of view, Lord, where we can in this eagle age, the anointing that's on us, Lord, help us. We pray. We love you, Lord. We bless your name. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Brother Chad, the Lord is good. Something in my heart, like a stream running down, makes me feel so happy, as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me, gives me something more than gold in my soul. Oh yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Amen. What a privilege. Amen. To know the truth of this hour. Amen. I was so blessed by that analogy of driving 120 more miles an hour than going to 60. Hey, listen. Our bad day isn't really a bad day. On the worst day, we still know where we came from and where we're going and what God's doing. Praise the Lord. there. There's no more bad days, friends, because of the revelation. Thank God. And it's that breaking away of the amnesia that gives us the strength just to be what he wants us to be on a high, on what we feel like a low. Just let the word flow. Amen. Praise God. Oh, it was good for me. Amen. It's been good to have brother Simon and his family. God bless you all as you travel home. They'll be leaving pretty much immediately after the service. So, we want to remember them in prayer as we close that God will bless them, take them home safely, and all the that he poured out, God will pour in many times over. Amen. I love the drawings. He can use the whiteboard so much better than me. I learn something new every time he uses it. Amen. Amen. We're just going to bow our heads and pray. But also before that, I want to remind you the picnic tomorrow. those who were able to come. It's wonderful to be able to spend the time together. So, we look forward to seeing you there tomorrow. Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we're thankful for this word that you've given us, Lord. This reminder of how blessed we really are, God. Surely life has ups and downs. It has discouraging things and disappointing things, but through it all, we are so abundantly blessed. You've taken us to the highest heights, Lord. And you want to take us higher still. And you've showed us things, Lord, that are unfathomable to a human mind. And God, may those things be the things that change us, Lord, that take away that that amnesia that we were born with, that give us that heavenly perspective, so that now we can place everything in life appropriately where it belongs. That we're no longer under deception of the enemy, under the lies. But Lord, the truth has truly set us free. And may that freedom, Lord, become a life that's lived in us where everything in life, Lord, becomes an opportunity for us to reflect your life. This message, Lord, this word that can come out of our mouth, that can come through our actions, that can come through the way we love. God, we want you to have us and use us. Lord Jesus, we ask a special blessing over the Abbott family, brother Simon and Sister Miriam, their children. Lord, as they travel home, would you take them safely in their journey home, watch them on the roads and in the planes and through the airports until they arrive safely in their home. And may you strengthen our brother Simon and encourage him in the family and pour many times over back into them what they poured out. For Lord, he's been a vessel that's been willing to be used by you. And I pray you'd bless him for it. And God, may everything we heard and been hearing, may it become reality in our lives, Lord. And may it sustain us through every temptation and every trial. May the breaking of amnesia place us properly and give us the right understanding and the right expression in every hour. For God, we are here to live your life on this earth through these bodies. And God, we need your help to do it. But you're helping us by opening our eyes. Bless us, Lord. Bless each one as we go. Bless us tomorrow as we gather together in fellowship. May your blessing be upon us there as well. We love you. We thank you for all you've given to us. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Brother, something in my heart like a stream makes me feel so happy as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me, gives me something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold. Oh yes. Oh yes. There is something more than gold in my soul. Yes. There's something more than gold to B flat. Oh glorious victory. That day he set me free and he made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. Oh I am Lord. It's who I am. Oh I can see now just who I am. I'm part of my savior. Oh, I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's [Music] predestination of who I am. On Calary he died to redeem his lost bride. The King of Kings became my Savior. Oh, this is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that rise and I my oh who I am Lord is who I Oh, I can see now just who I am. I'm part of my Savior. Oh, I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Sing the chorus one more time. Oh, who I am, Lord. It's who I am. [Music] I can see now just who I am. I'm part of my Savior. I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation. [Music] It's [Music] predestination of who I am.
