################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 250518 - Markus Becker: We Are the Words in the Book - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   250518 - Markus Becker: We Are the Words in the Book
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7sRhi9NHwM
========================================

Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. [Music] By God's word at last my sin I learned and then I trembled at the law I' spurned till my guilty so imploring turn to calary. Well mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiplied to me. My burden soul felt liberty at Calary. Now I've given to you [Applause] Jesus as my king. And now my raptured soul can only see of Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free and there was multiplied. There my burden soul found liberty. glory and oh the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to men. Oh the mighty golf that God did spend at CO and mercy there was great and grace was free. No pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty had glory once more and mercy there was great and grace was free and there was multiply to me. My burden soul crown liberty at calary at [Music] cal. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. As Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord. And instant with the courage, I stood upon his word. would not be [Music] denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, Satan said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work is done and Christ the Lord is here. Well, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Verse three, old Satan said, "My Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer." But praise the Lord, the work is done in Christ the Lord is here. Well, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. It's good to be with you all this morning as brother Chad comes with the prayer request. Let's sing that song. God is good. Well, God is good all the time. puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. If you're walking, if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. What a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Verse three. And though I may not understand all the plans you have for me. My life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. Once more. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Amen. That's an easy song to sing. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Amen. God is good all the time. Even in the not so easy times, it's good. Amen. We can look back over our lives. If you've traveled this journey any length of time, you can look back and say, "God is perfect in all of his ways and all that he does is good." Amen. It's wonderful to be together this morning. God bless you all so very much. It's a treat to have our brother Marcus Becker with us again. It's been three years since he's been here and we we get used to him stopping by every year or two. So 3 years seems like forever. And so he's been a bit busy and had some things to work on and some transitions in his work, but now he's here and we're so happy to have him. And so he'll be ministering here this morning here in a few minutes. And then this afternoon in the fellowship hall, we have a a youth service that he'll be ministering at 4 p.m. And so that's for all the youth, those in the uh youth group and the young adults group. We are all welcome there. And so we're looking forward to that as well. Man, we just got back last evening from the young adults weekend up in Michigan and we had a wonderful time. It was quite a blessing to be with all of our young adults and um we had brother Nathaniel and sister Charity Saias come by uh for um Friday evening and they gave their testimony, shared their testimony with with the whole group. And it was really nice to have them come and share their testimony, what God had done for them and how he led them through and brought them together and and it was good. And then brother Nathaniel did the Saturday morning devotion for us. So that was really tremendous. So we were excited to have them. So we had a wonderful time. We're a little bit tired because they like to stay up late and it seems like stay up late and get up early. I don't know how they do it but they do it. So me and my wife were on opposite shifts. I stayed up late make sure everybody got tucked in. She got up early to make coffee at 6:30 in the morning. So Amen. But praise God everybody fits in their place. Amen. Amen. So, we had a good time. Amen. It's good to have the Abbott family here with us again. God bless you all. It's good to have you sitting there. Amen. The last time we seen them was in Poland. Amen. Just a month ago. So, God is good. All the other visitors, I saw there's a few more. God bless you. You're very welcome. We're glad that you're here with us. And God bless you. Blake, you may be seated. Mercy ruled my life. Mercy rero my life. I should have fallen my soul. pass down but mercy rero [Applause] my mercy rero my life. Lord, your mercy rewrote my life. I should have fallen in my soul. Cast down mercy re my life. One more time. Let's all stand. and mercy rerode my life. God's mercy rerote my life. [Music] I should have fallen my soul. Cast down but mercy re. Sing it without the music, just your voices. And mercy re my life. Lord, your mercy rero my life. [Music] I should have fallen my soul cast down but mercy re my God still moves. [Music] God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not see nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still God still moves. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still lives. [Music] does not see or does he slumber? God still moves. God still moves once more. God still moves. [Music] God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not see nor does [Music] he go. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrow will vanish your night journey to today. Let go and let God have his way. Let go. Let go. and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrow [Applause] will your night turn to me. Let go and let God have his way. So keep singing. Will Lord my heart is open? Won't you come inside? Fill up all my needs. Ever to open all the windows and I'm thrown wide every door. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you. Lord, my heart is open and warm. You come inside. Build up all my being ever to the light. I open door the windows and I'm thrown wide every door. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I hear you more. As brother Marcus comes this morning, in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Sing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. like this. I love you, Lord. Sing I love you, Lord. [Music] See love you Lord I love you. Now while the music is softly playing let's bow our heads and if you want that the Lord speaks to you something personal you just raise your hands to God. Heavenly Father, we thank you for these wonderful songs. And my desire is as our most noble pastor was praying already that you just take me in your hands that we have a wonderful time and sharing the goodness of God, Father. May you take me under your control. Give me the right words, Father. Give me the right approach, Father. And give the right earrings to the listeners to understand it the right way. Bless the church back home in Beetlesburg. Bless the bride in the US, Father. Bless the churches that are around here. Bless them in their ministry for this morning, Father. And Lord, definitely may you bless Israel, Father, because those who bless Israel, they are blessed. May you bless the weakman among us. And may this morning be of a help to them to understand that God takes control of the situation. And so we lay everything into your hand. them. We ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. Now, while we're standing, let's open the word of the Lord in two scriptures. And I thank definitely the musicians and oh I see in the second book of Samuel chapter 23 verse 13 Samuel 23:13 and the three of the 30 chief went down and came to David to in the harvest time unto the cave of Adulam and The troop of the Philistine pitched in the valley of Rephim. And David was in a hold and in the garrison and the Philistines was in Bethlehem. And David longed and said, "Oh, that one would give me a drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate." And the three mighty men break through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David. Nevertheless, he would not drink thereof, but poured it out unto the Lord. And he said, "Be it far from me, oh Lord, that I should this is not this the blood of the man that went in jeopardy of their lives." Therefore, you would not drink it. These things did these three mighty men. And may we read in the book of the Hebrews, chapter 2, verse 11. Hebrews 2:1 and it speaks of Christ and the bride for okay I give room to to find it for me it's page 1,428 but it will it will not help you for both he that sanctifies and they who are sanctified are all of one. Amen. And that's that's for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. So may the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. We may be seated. It's a great pleasure for me to be back here after 3 years and there was many many things to do. I never forgot you. I never forsake you. Forsook you. But I went different times to South Africa and different other things to do in my job. there's a changing of my job and and uh things to do in the church. And right back here we are uh if you remember three years ago we had that project a new project about Israel and that kind of documentation that we're doing and I'm back on track and we we continue again on that thing. And so I I uh I'm I'm that was the reason for my coming meeting brother Steven and other brothers and and therefore I said brother Chad for me it's fine even to listen I will not but I will not be in Ohio without saying hello to my to to the BCF family and definitely so and I thank you very much for for your friendship to uh for your for your kindness for letting me feel to be here at home. I bring greetings from my pastor about the road to wall bring greetings from Andreas Ringan from my family as you heard already that soon Andreas and me we will become one by marriage and uh yeah that's exactly so and uh or let me say not him and me but uh but my daughter will marry his boy so so we we will have a certain relationship. Huh? I remember that Mark Twain said one time he said, "Marriage is a wonderful instrument to solve problems together that you never had before." And so it seems we were always good friends until now. I hope it will stay that way that we don't come my boy and your girl. But really greetings from brother Garrett from from the church from different ministers that were here. even brother uh that I met yesterday, brother Dwayne, he sends his greetings to the whole congregation, brother brother Paula Fontaine, brother Nathaniel and and and so we wish you all God's blessings. It's a pleasure to be here and if you wouldn't mind I have a I have a wonderful subject to share with you and uh uh because it really deals with us not because it's it's a special Marcus Beckup subject but it is just I was preaching it a couple of months ago in our church and when I got the invitation to come here from brother Chad I think that is just wonderful and I think I trust it will fit definitely in your in in definitely in the vision and uh I would like to entitle the sermon uh we are the words in the book. Amen. We are the words in the book. And and and the thing is this that now the subject for this morning we are not preaching messages. Okay. The message is preached. We preach sermons. Okay. Please understand I looked it up this morning that my sermon of this morning does not have any claim to be complete. Okay. Or balance. That's not possible in 90 minutes. Not possible. There's a lot of aspect that that I couldn't talk about it. Especially when it comes to the to the book of revelation. It is not it's not every aspect is balanced. It's not complete. It's but it gives a vision. It gives a a certain view on certain things. Okay. And then I want to say this, the service for this morning is only for the bride. Amen. This message is for the bride. But but there is a church. There is there is a I don't speak about this church. There's a church which is not the bride. And brother Brandham he he he he he he was he was really um corrected by God. And God says to him, brother Bham spoke about these unbelievers. He called them Rickys and Ricettas. Brother and God says you shouldn't do this. They are still many of them are still my children. Okay. And then brother Brandham in the message standing gap said he said don't lose the feeling for the people. See you must remember they are not made out of sawdust. They are flesh and blood human beings with a soul. So if we should never you know when when through the opening of the word God did not change his nature. God said he so much loved the world. Amen. John 3:16 so much loved the world, not cosmos, but the world. And and and he he still hates sin, but he loves the human beings. He loves he loves sinners. And I so much loved about about the book of Jonah. And we went through this. I mean, I tell you one thing, when we were younger, we were we were cursing everyone. First cursing all the unbelievers then all denominations were cursed and then everybody in the message who did not believe like us was cursed until we find out we are seed of Abraham man we are born to bless people you cannot change a person a person is is a bride by predestination you know but if he's not bride it doesn't mean he's nothing he has a soul he has feelings and he has a he has he has a a life to live and and so we should never lose lose the feeling for a dying world. You see, and we came out sometime from a time where where we were so arrogant that we even could shake another one's hands who doesn't have the same doctrine like us. This message is not made for this. It was just the the immaturity that we have sometime. We were teenagers. I remember we went out like John Wayne coming from from his out of the saddle and we said, "Do you want to have a quote? But today we we are there to help people and and not only by my job brother I had to deal with people who who come even in the message from dysfunctional families people who who try to commit suicide I mean I have to deal with kind of people like this in depressions uh abuse child abuse emotional abuse can he can happen in a church definitely so and and and then you find out you cannot preach slogans You you you must bring life to them, a solution. Brother, I find out that nothing is too too too hard for the Lord. Nothing is too hard for the Lord. And there is there is still there is still a light. So you remember he was that man by the name of of Jonah and he he he he uh he was just dismissing his message and the people repented and God changed his mind. I was preaching in in brother Paulente about 1977 how brother Bren never made a mistake and God never made a mistake but God has a language you see that only the bride understands and God postponed that that that judgment because of the reaction of the king. Brother Braymond said judgment stops the judgment of God. True repentance stops it. We see it came but it came later. And here is that man by the name of Jonah. And he he was just sitting on that on that on that hill. And really so much rejoicing that the fire would fall. So much rejoicing that the fire would because I mean I'm saved and I'm here and let the fire and then God came and showed his heart. He said look these people 100,000 people they don't know left from right. They don't know. God showing a lot of a lot of empathy for dying world. So we should never lose this and we should never lose a feeling for Israel. Because if when Jesus is the king of Israel, then the bride is the queen of Israel. If Jesus is the king of Israel, then the bride is the queen of Israel. We should always have a prayer. There's a quote where brother Brandham said, "You you honor a Jew and God will honor you." Quote, Brother Brandham. So, so in that thing is is is is definitely therefore I want to say this morning the service for this morning is only for the bride. It's for you. Amen. If somebody is streaming in uh let me say a good old Baptist or whatever that's fine but this is a message for for the bride. But I want to repeat myself outside of the bride is not nothing. It's not nothing. There's people Amen. I believe that God still is standing on the street corners and say, "Is there somebody else who wants to be reconciled with God? Is there somebody who wants to who wants to receive that invitation?" We cannot make people bright. Bride comes from God and will go back to God. But there's still room at the cross. Whosoever will come, let him come. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. It's so important for me. Uh we we had some times uh when we were when we were just a chosen frozen the truth. But I'm happy. I was I was confronted with life situation brother when when I was I I'm I'm I'm praying more when I'm go to work than I go to church. You see because they are people. Even Muslims they have a soul man. They have feelings. They are mothers. They are father. They are children. They are not nothing. They they're not animals. They are people. Amen. And I pray a lot you know and you I want to tell this you never help people by despising them. This message is not a cult. Why should I become cultish? This message is not a sect. Why should I become sectarian? This message is not a denomination. Why should I become denominational with all that that that nonsense? You see this message is our father speaking to us. Brings us on a higher level. Come up John. Come a little bit higher. Amen. Amen. This is bride age. This is special age. This is age of mature to be matured and and and uh so there is a let me say a certain hotel where these people live and I have to take care of them and in in different things become a brother to them a father and I I just honor them a little bit by saying inshallah inshallah it's it's it just means if the Lord is willing Allah is not a name Allah is just a title it's God. Allah is God. Inshallah means we are doing this if the Lord is willing. So I I come to them. I said inshallah. And they said, "Mr. Becca, will we make a good Muslim out of you?" I said, "No, I don't think so. I don't think so." Okay. But but but you we're not helping people by despising them. No, we show them. I remember now you can talk about bride age. Here is brother Brham and he goes into the temple of the James and he puts off his shoes. Amen. Puts off his shoes. just show this is precious to these people. So why should I trample over some people's feelings? No, no, no, no, no, brother. It backfires. If we don't respect, it backfires on us sooner or later. Can you say amen? So I want to repeat myself. Everything that I said is pure for the bride. And we understand for this sermon for this morning and we understand that David is a is a precious man is a he's a future king and but he is a he's a people he's a person who is standing in his own way a little bit and he's not very fortunate. He's not privileged. He is what we would call an underdog. Yeah, because his father never see the potential in the boy. And when the king comes to anoint his next son, then father never thought about David. Here comes here comes the oldest. Here comes the biggest. I always say here comes Schwatzenegger. Okay. And father said, "Now here's the king." And but but but but it's fine to have muscles. Okay? I always say when I was a young boy I made bodybuilding. Okay. Everything that you see here was here. It's just a change of dispensation. Everything that you see was here. So So I I and I love what brother Chad said, keep a balance. Keep a balance. Young people, they were not running around with the Bible the whole day. They want to have, let me say, fellowship. Let them have it. That but I told the youngsters, but you have to make soul building, brother. Not only bodybuilding, soul building. Okay. So, here comes the next one. And he's Windows XP. He can quote. He I mean, he brings things together. He could impress. But God is not impressed by knowledge. You see, sometimes you have singers and they think that can impress God. Okay, here comes Jimmy Swagger. Jesus. I mean, they think that can impress God. God, the angels can sing better than us. Amen. God is not impressed. God is impressed by a heart that serve the Lord. Somebody God is impressed by love. You see, and here is little David and he doesn't see his potential and the father doesn't see his potential. But God placed something in him that doesn't come from papa and mama. It comes from God. Can you say amen? Yeah. So if you help me the technicians to to to to just develop that subject, it is beautiful. Amen. Amen. Give me a second. So here's what brother Brand says. He says, "Now you see the seals when he was in his miltorial work back there redeeming." And that's not the subject for this morning. But someday he comes forth to get this book that he redeemed and all that this book would be him for. That's the believer. The words in the book and the word is him and that's all and all that's in it. Amen. The believer, the bride is the words that's in the book. Amen. We are the words in that book. That's right. Amen. We will find out when the lamb takes the book, what does he make? He takes us right. This message that we believe is not a seminary. It's a relationship between God and man. Brother, we tried everything. We tried reformation. And reformation never worked. We tried Pentecostalism and it never worked. We tried We tried Methodism, it never worked. We tried churchianity, it never worked. Amen. But in God's heart, it was time of ignorance. But the Bible says in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery, not mysteries. Scoffield had mysteries. Lin had mysteries. Nothing against that. But the mystery is God revealing his back part of his own mind. We are the first generation who understand God. Yeah, God does not talk to us with us like in a kindergarten. God talks with us as adults. It's the time when God says you are not Pentecostal babies though they were born again. Amen. Because you cannot be a baby without being born again. But God says don't be a baby. Yeah. Stand before me like a man. I want to talk with you like an adult, like a matured person. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. So we understand to understand that that the what it means to be bride. This is the service for the bride this morning. So brother Brham said when he first was God Jehovah out of him. Let's just picture now as a little drama so you can get it. Let's see coming out of space where was nothing. Let's make it a little white light like a mystic light like a halo. And that was the logos that went out of God in the beginning. That was the son of God that came out of the bosom of the father. That was was in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. In the beginning was God and then out of God came the logos, a part of God that went out of God. Brother Brham said the first thing that God created were the angels. Here he says the first thing that came out of God was ilos. There's a big difference that for many years I didn't understand but ilos was not created. The logos came out of God. It's a big difference. Because I'm a I'm a man. I'm a I'm a I'm a craftsman and I created many things. I built a home and I I'm do but I only b one daughter. That's right. The difference between my creation and my birth was part of me is in my daughter. She has my DNA. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So out of out of out of that pillar of fire which was the same substance. I mean the father looked to the son and the son looked to the father. It's not two persons. It's the same substance. Out of it comes Melzdc. Yeah. Out of me mazes come Jesus of Nazareth. The bride was in Christ. Says brother Brandon. Amen. Amen. In what form ever? But she was in him. Amen. So when the bride was in Christ and the bride must have been in Melzdc. Amen. And if the bride was in Melzdc, she must have been in the pillar of fire. And if she was in the pillar of fire, she was in God in the beginning. Can you say amen? Amen. We see that brother Brand makes another quote. He says, "The eternal thoughts of God." Amen. Let me ask you, are the thoughts of God eternal? Yes, sir. If you can see this, yes, you will see many things. Praise God. If you see this, you can see many things. Okay. God is unchangeable in both essence and behavior. He is omnisient. He has never had a new thought about anything because all of his thoughts that he has always had and always will have and knows the end from the beginning because he's God. Thus the thoughts of God are eternal. They are real. They are not simply like a man with a blueprint he has drawn up which one day will be translated into substance and form. But they are already real, eternal, and part of God. Amen. Amen. There's a quote when brother said, "In the beginning, God was alone with his thoughts." Yes sir. In other words, he wasn't alone. We were with him. Amen. He was alone with his thoughts. And his thoughts is not God was thinking. Amen. God had attributes in him. His thoughts, his family, his bride, his children, the part of God that had to be expressed in our time. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother, if you don't if you don't come from God, you can never go back to God. That's right. You can be saved. That's the difference. Yeah. Amen. You can be saved. Amen. But you can only go go back to God if you came from God. Your destiny is your origin. I remember years ago, brother Beckett made that little expression. He said, "Here was the family of God all standing together." Amen. In what form ever? Because brother said before the foundation of the world, God made a picture of his family. Of you and me. And God took our souls and throwed them in seven church ages over seven continents in in in in parts of the world. And God put part of himself into his bride. Because David said in the Psalms, he said God made everything perfect in his time. He even placed eternity into our hearts. And there is only one who is eternal. That's God himself. So when you were born, you had already a heavenly navigation system in you. Amen. It's only for the bride. Amen. Because they came from God. And brother and and and one thing is sure when seven church ages are over, nobody is missing. We will be all there because God cannot forget himself. Quote, "Brother Brandham, God is not anymore complete without you. That's only the bride. That's not whosoever come, let him come. That's fine. I'm going to have that way. Ah, give a give a open. Don't bury the world too too too early. Don't bury it. No, give them a light. This world has no solution, brother. We live and we will see this afternoon. And I know for the young people, it's a little bit abstract this morning, but we will break it down for the young people this afternoon about about child child upbringing and so forth. Brother, we have to understand we live in a sick society. Yes. And it's not the fault of the people. You know, I was always reading Timothy wrong as people were monsters. But the Bible says people uh you know, truth breakers, false and false accusers. He said without natural affections. That's the reason one sick generation produces a sicker next generation and a sicker next generation. It's not the fault of the people, but this is a sick society. And brother, the only thing that helps is not arrogance. The only thing that helps people is healthy families with love, with empathy, with heart and soul and a gospel which gives them a hope and churches which have a warmness and an atmosphere to just that the sinner is welcome. Amen. Not a sin but the sinner must be welcomed. He said look there is a place because one day Amen. Yeah. We were not the same as we were today. I always tell it like this when I was we were unbelievers. I could dance like Michael Jackson only I could make the moonwalk like like my daughter always said don't be so embarrassing papa you never make it be no no no I will not do you see and we did not know who we were but God always knew who we were we should never forget from where we come from therefore sometime people cannot forgive because they don't know what forgiveness means amen it must go through a process when we are broken down and we need a savior and we need Calvary. And then we build up our life on a on a relationship with God. Can you say amen? So we understand there's a difference between a birth and a creation. Amen. We're burst. Amen. That was the beginning of the the discussion in Nia Rome about they called it homosios. The Greek word means of the same substance. Yes. The son is of the same substance as the father. It's not a second person. Yeah. Amen. So we understand that now Adam and Eve are made in the in in the garden of Eden and brother Bram said now our kinsman redeemer is handed a sevenseal book of redemption from the original owner when we lost it at the garden of Eden though Adam went back to original owner but there has been a poacher in the land a squatter and that's Satan he come over he's a poacher this earth belongs to him belongs to God but he's a poacher a squatter Man, how could I say something right now? But better not. It's the title deed of our redemption. This seven sealed book is the title deed. Amen. So, here is Adam and it was Eve. Amen. Now, when God called Adam, Adam, where are thou? Two people came. God never said, "Adam and Eve, where are them?" When Adam was called, Eve was called with him because she was part of him. Amen. You remember the vision that brother Brandham had when he when when when when he heard his name William Brandham and and first he heard Alman Neville and then he went up the stair staircase to meet the Lord. God just called William Brandham and he was hope and meter. Amen. When God when when the Bible speaks of Christ, Amen. It's always speaks Christ and the bride. Brother, it's your book. You are in it all over. It's your message. It's not a doctrine. It's not for only the the high. No, no, no. It's for us. Amen. So, we understand that when Eve fell, it was not because of immorality. That was not her problem. But she was searching for a new light. Yeah. Amen. Sometimes sometimes sometimes you we have young people, they come from a youth camp and I said, "How was it?" And they all like Trump say, "Tremendous, unbelievable. Nobody preached like him." And there's nothing wrong with it. Okay, don't get that. Go don't get me wrong on that. But then I asked the young people, I said, "Look, look what did you understand?" Nothing. Fine. But we are not here to impress the youngsters. We We have a message that comes from the presence of Almighty. Brother, sister, I hope I'm not hurting your feelings, but the message that we believe does not come from America. It comes from the presence of Almighty. Amen. Amen. And as I'm know that I'm have a lot of friends here at BCF. I'm a right to say anyhow all the Americans are backsliding Europeans anyhow. And it started with money. No taxation with our representation. Come on. Okay. But we belong to another kingdom. Is that okay for you? We're family of God. Okay. So I wouldn't make that joke at every place. You can be sure. Okay. And everybody is now streaming in. You need the lamb's nature. So here we see that God calls Adam and Eve was part of him. Okay. So please uh understand God's language. So Adam wasn't naked and had a big book. It's a symbol. The book is the seven sealed book. The title lead of our redemption. What is in the book? The family of God. We are the words in that book. That is the book that never came down on the day of Pentecost. Never ever. It came down in our time. This day, this scripture is fulfilled. Revelation 10:1-7. What does he have in his hand? The same book that Adam lost in the Garden of Eden. Three years ago, it was a prophecy. Now, it's history. But in that book is the family of God. Amen. Therefore, Adam can the Bible says give the animals their name. He did not name them. Adam was not a biologist. Adam revealed the names. And I can say that Adam says he play only belief. Yes. Only. And here comes the elephant. Your name is elephant. Is that all true? You you raise up your That's all true. Okay. Your name is lion. Adam could name the names because he had the book. Praise the Lord. He saw the names. The family of God. Amen. Brother, in the in the Garden of Eden, nobody could give Eve her identity. Eve could go to Mr. Elephant. Mr. Elephant, look, we are all here in the garden and it's so nice. It's so beautiful and but but what I'm doing here? And the elephant said, look, I'm man, we are really have a great time. It's just tremendous. Yeah. But but I don't know what we're doing. I don't know where we come from. The only one who could tell Eve where she came from was Adam. And you must understand no church could give us our identity. Though we had already our new birth. That's right. Sometime in denominations. Brother said the eagle was in it was already an eagle. Okay. I don't speak of today but the older generation we come out of churches. We cannot say we were we had a birth through Malachi 4. But this is that's another subject. But we were already quickened in that thing. Okay. Please don't get me on words. If not, I'm sidetracked with that question when No. No. But they had their place and they have their place. But the only one who can tell the bride where she came from and where she goes to is Christ himself. Hallelujah. Not even brother Brandham has a right. Brother, the great person in this generation is not William Brham. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Therefore, we are not Brhamites. No, sir. We are not Brandham fans. We are not Brham cult. We are Christians. But we understand that brother Brandham was our messenger. Can you say amen? As every father is the head of his own home. Every pastor is the head of a local church. Amen. The messenger is the head of a church age and Christ is the head of all seven messengers. Brother Marcus, can somebody correct the prophet? Sure. God. Amen. God is God is God can correct who he wants. He is the head of every prophet. He does whatever he wants. Yes, sir. Can you say amen? Amen. Blessed be. Therefore, we have no message of ourself. Therefore, we are not interested in propagating our own ministry, our own tapes. I'm not in it. Amen. Though I know the world is the world, I will not change it. You see, but brother said there will be a people on this earth who will be the final voice of the final age under their messenger. [Applause] Can you say amen? Amen. So we understand that that that that here is the book and the names are in it and the book goes back in the hands of the owner and I was preaching it years ago about the self how God had to wait to give that book back to somebody. Okay. But we are following now the names the family of God. That means we are and I speak about the bride. I don't speak about people who get just saved. Okay? The bride. I want to ask you a question. You put on your spiritual jackets. Okay? Amen. Now, now when we talk about marriage, only the same species of people can marry. Amen. Only the same species. A dog can only marry a dog. Okay? A cat can only marry a dog. A a cat. A human being can only marry a human being. Okay. The rest would be sodomism. Whatever. Now my question to you is when God wants to marry, who can he marry? God cannot marry human beings. They can save them. But God can only marry God. The part that that went out of him is the one that he will get back into his bosom again. Amen. Brother, I tell you one thing. Nobody can preach you into the bride. And nobody can preach you out of the bride. We had this church would say if you leave us, you're out of the plan of God and you are this and you are that. I said look, I have a father. And my father placed eternity in my if I'm in this church or another church. Forget that thing of holding people by fear. Amen. Can you say amen? The the thunder movement was very very strong in those things. Look, here we go now. Here's here's here is Moses and Christ is portray portraying himself. Moses having a better idea than God. Okay, I'm not dealing with it. Okay, but we see that Moses when God wanted to kill or yeah destroy and you please forgive that my my my range of words is quite limited. He was just standing in the gap and brother that was Christ by the way. Brother Brham said Eve was not Adam was not deceived. Amen. No, he was not. He went open eyes into that thing. He was not deceived. But he used his own self. Yeah. Okay. So therefore, it was Christ in Adam redeeming his bride. Amen. Okay. Here is Christ in Moses. And and I'm and and and I trust that Moses had clear understanding about the book. Say, "Brother Marcus, if you preach these things without without stress and without putting the thumb on people and without putting pressure, how do you prevent the church to become worldly?" I said, "Look, they must have the Holy Ghost." Amen. And the Holy Ghost is the answer. The Holy Ghost will not become worthy. Can you say amen? But here, here he is. He must have known Yeah. that he's in the book because he comes to God in all boldness. And God loved that boldness. Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin, and if not, blot me, I pray you, out of the book which thou has written. And and and Moses must have known he cannot blot me out because God cannot forsake himself. Amen. It's a family affair. It's a royal family affair. Moses could stand before God because there is only one people who who there is people who will get eternal life. But there is people that are eternal life. Blessed be. And God loved that. He said, "That's exactly my son." You must imagine now here here is here is here is Elohim and he's speaking about the destruction of Sodom and so forth. And and Abraham said I I mean you couldn't you couldn't you you couldn't do that. Please don't. And and and and Elohim did as if he was a little bit offended. I mean who's the one talking? And in his heart he said that's my son. I love that. That is exactly my heart. Yeah, God loves to forgive. That's his nature. God loves to bless. Quote, brother Brandham, God loves to do things for his children. Quote, Brother Brandham, God wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want to receive it. Blessed be the name. That's his nature. Blessed be the name of the of the Lord. That's that's our father. Can you say amen? So, here we go. Now here's Jesus and he is on his on his way and okay. Amen. We will see this afternoon how we were all born with that kind of a trauma. Therefore, we forgot who we were. Okay. Amen. But let let me say this. We wanted to come directly into our theophony and we landed in Ohio in a body that we don't like. I wake up in the morning. I look in the mirror. I said look I don't know you but I wash you anyhow. Okay I sometime it's funny but some of the things is not funny because we come sometime from dysfunctional family like me I was a from a from from a broken family. Okay. Yeah. We came into it. Nobody when you came on your on the earth, nobody asked you, do you want to be male or female? Nobody asked you. You want to be black or white? Therefore, please understand, we're not talking to colors. We talk to theophanes. We talk to the inner man. Don't play that victim card with me. There because the bride doesn't have complexes because of color and racism. And so, the bride knows who she is. I am exactly the way my maker wants me to have. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. So, so, so one thing is sure, when we think that we came wrong on this earth, be sure we will leave the right way. God will explain to us. Amen. By the way, my heart greetings to the Aaron family. We loved so much, brother Tim. And we were looking forward to see him again. Great shalom and and and the sister and and the family. Definitely. So, so you must understand now, here's Jesus. And remember, what happens to him will happen to the bride the same way. Hallelujah. Amen. Wherever it's written of Christ, you must see the brightest part of Christ. And he sits in the temple and he opens the book and what does he do? He finds himself. He finds himself. He said, "It is written of me." Okay. So when when when when he finds himself in that way, he closed the book. He said, "The old book is written of me." Praise God. Brother, you come to a place in your time where you find your name in the book. I've seen people healed. And I know there is a there is a there's a question of our mind and so forth and we have to deal with it. Amen. Amen. People consist of body, soul, and spirit. You have there's healing for all three of them. But the healing of the soul in reality is the revelation of who you are. Amen. Amen. And then we have healing. Brother William said God has many ways to heal. He heals by love. He leads by surgery. He heals by by by understanding. Okay? So please understand the way the time comes when you find yourself in the book. God allows it. You need it in order to go home. Now here's brother Brenon. Okay. Memphis, Tennessee. The plane is not uh is there is a there is a storm. He hears the voice go. And he just goes. And here is that mama. And I just called it mama just Okay. Brother said she hangs over the fence. Yeah. Okay. And brother Brandon passes by and she she says, "Hello, Parson." Yeah. Amen. He says, "How do you know that I'm a minister?" Look, God is in humor. Amen. Normally, it was brother Brandham revealing the people. Your name is Eva. I see you in a car accident. But that woman is now revealing Brother Brandham. She He does not know who she is, but she knows who he is. Amen. Understand? Amen. Amen. You're the prophet Elijah and I'm the Shunomite woman. But I tell you one thing to find brother Brandham in the Bible is not very difficult. But you must find yourself. She did not only say this is brother Benham, you are the prophet Elijah. He said you are the prophet Elijah and I am. Amen. That's all. Therefore, you read the book of Esther. He said that's me. Yes. Essa had no father and she had no mother. Types Melchazdc. Essa had two names. One was the American name. The other one was her eternal name. Eternal identification. Can you say amen? Blessed be the name. And that's the love of the father. Amen. That is God revealing himself to us. So we understand at the end of our life, I'm not the son of Charles and Ala Brenham. No. No. I am I come from God and I go back to God. This message really revealed our identity. So we understand this. Amen. We are the words that is in the book. Let me say it like this like brother said we are that book. Amen. Okay. Amen. So God and and and please take it the way I say I have no notes and if I'm not using the right words then you understand what I want to say. Amen. If she is the book then there is only one who take that book and that's that's the husband. Yes. Do you know one thing? The marriage covenant gives a lot of privileges. Yes, sir. To boys and girls. Praise the Lord. All you fathers and all you mothers. Amen. And please take it spiritually. I say spiritually and not I'm don't have a second thought. But at a certain age, we don't see our children naked anymore. And that's right. And that's good. It should be like this. But there will be someone who sees our children naked. That would be future husband, future wife. Amen. That only marriage covenant allows to see the other one naked. You got it. Amen. Take it to the spiritual. We're not talking now about about You see? Therefore, Brother Brham said there is a link between and you take it spiritually too. There's a link between the serpent seat and marriage and divorce. Amen. For sure. There's a link. Okay. Amen. And when and and when and when when when Abel brought as a sacrifice blood, it's because he understood what happened in the garden of Eden. So who was murdered in the garden of Eden? Nobody. But the first blood that was shed in the Garden of Eden was Eve. Eve. And we who are married, we know what it's what what it's about. Okay. The first veil that was broken in the Garden of Eden was was Eve. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name. Therefore, I want to tell you the boys and the girls, it matters to stay holy. It matters to stay pure because God will bless your future marriage if you keep your body reserved for that marriage covenant. You have to do it by revelation. Amen. Amen. There's people in the church, they don't pay their tithings. It's not that that will uncchristianize them. They're good people, but there's something that they didn't understand that God would bless them more financially if they would just be faithful paying their tithing. And people who play around with their body, even digital form of showing certain we we we see it creeping up a little bit. It shows there is a lack of understanding that your body is holy and you're blessing already your future marriage by keeping your body just for the for your husband and for your wife. Amen. Even your parents don't have a a right to look at you. No. Amen. This is just between husband and wife. Tired to the spiritual. Amen. The only one who has a right to reveal himself and to reveal the bride is the bridegroom himself. Not even brother Brandham had a right. That's right. Not even Paul. You see now Paul looked behind the curtain of time and look what he says. And if you see that picture, you see very he saw things that he shouldn't see because that was the revelation that struck our time. And he says how that he was caught into paradise and heard unspeakable words which is not lawful for a man to utter. In other words, I I had the privilege of looking behind God's mystery, his bride, but I'm not allowed to even mention it. It's if you make a certain look into something that you shouldn't see. Yeah. Praise God. John could see, but he was forbidden to write something down about it. Um, and God says, "No, no, this is not for you, John. This is not for you, Paul. The revelation of my bride. The Let me say the nakedness of my Let me say in that word." Okay, you understand? Spiritually, please not. Okay. No, no, no immoral thought. This will be for me, for me myself. Not even brother Brandham had a right to reveal those things. It was Christ coming down. Amen. Yeah. Yes, sir. Revealing her revealing that is just between the bridegroom and the bride. She sees him like he is and he sees her like she is. You understand? All holy. Okay. Amen. Amen. So, what happens is this. Now watch when we are and this is only one aspect. This is not a teaching about the book of revelation because there is many aspects. I'm only following this morning. We are the words that's in the book. There's many many more things to reveal. Many many aspects. Amen. But when John says, "And I wept because no man was found worthy to open the book and read the book, neither to look thereon." Brother Bren said John John knew he was saved. Amen. Because John on the aisle of Patmas, he believed in Christ. Amen. He knew it was not that he fell in, but he he he if if nobody can take the book, Yeah. we will all go back to the atoms and to molecules that we were right before the foundation of the world. Okay. So, so if the when the lamb takes the book, I mean, it means he takes his wife Amen. Amen. And gives now his authority unto her. Amen. That happens in the book of Esther. Her word was his word. Amen. That's the third pull. Amen. I am the almighty God. And now you speak to the storm. Amen. It was God giving authority now to his to who? To his bride. Yes, sir. We don't talk. We sing we sing Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved the wretch like me. That's fine. But that's not our story. That was the beginning of our story. This is now time of union. This is marriage of the lamb. This is the invisible union. This is adoption time. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Blham said there is where the Pentecostal made their mistakes. They thought the new birth is the end. But please understand the new birth is the beginning of everything. You will never have an adoption if you don't have the Holy Ghost. We everyone needs our Pentecost. There don't don't believe that we're just burnt into and we are evol. No, no, no, no. We need our new birth. But don't stop there. Go and then grow into the full manifestation because God will not rapture a teenager. God will not God will not rapture a baby. So here he came and took the book out of the hand that sat on the throne. What does it man? Adam took his wife. Yeah. Hallelujah. Here comes. He takes the book and we are that book. What does he do? God takes us into his bosom. Amen. One of the aspects. Yeah. Look, there's only one, as I said, has only won the right to marry the queen of heavens, and that's the king of heaven. Amen. Okay. She has to say yes. How can you call that time? This is now the time of heavenly courtship. God is now courting his his her beloved. Now you remember they sung a new song. Thou art worthy to take the book and to open the seals thereof. Thou was slain has redeemed us to God by the blood of every kind. Now look at twofold thing. You remember that brother Brandon was in the question answers of the seals that he was misplacing that scripture and then he said oh okay okay something is wrong here is somebody sick and and because for God for the Holy Spirit must was this part of the scripture so important to place it right that's the bride that's the raptured saints what he says amen because what does the bride say you're the one who can marry me because first you paid the bride price. Yeah. But not only this, but second, what what what is what is what is the what is the basis of of of of of marriage? We ask the young people, he must be in the message. He must be he must be born again. Uh he must be a good man. He must come from a good home. He must work. He must that's all fine. But the foundation of everything must be true love. Amen. First of all, I'm drawn to that person. I love her. Yeah. I'm So, the boy has to do something. He doesn't come. Do you see my Mercedes? And I tell you one thing, I can preach. I can preach. I can tell the people. But, but love is more than just being in the message, being a good boy. Love is something that pulls your heart out of it. So, the bride says, "You are worthy." Not only do you paid the bride price, yeah, I mean, but you captured our hearts. Amen, brother. There is a bride in the land and she's only married to one, to the Lord Jesus Christ. Not to any church, not to any system. No, sir. We had to deal sometime with young people and and and a little bit out of a abusive situation. The only thing they said, "My church, my church, my church, my pastor, my church, my church, my church." And I said, "Look, boy, stop with that. I tell you one thing. Tell me first who your father is." Amen. Amen. Speak first about the Lord Jesus Christ and then we talk about the local church because our anchor is not William Bram. Our anchor is the Lord Jesus Christ. And then you find a local church. But ne never put put the the the wagon before the horses. Amen. You see, you understand so beautiful God in courtship. This marriage of the lamb is not an arranged marriage. It's not a forced marriage. Amen. God didn't say, "Okay, I paid for you so you have to." No, no, no. This bride so much loves the Lord Jesus. And she's she so much loves her. Amen. There she's the only one who can say, "Thou art worthy to take the book." And we are that book in that sense. There's a lot of there's a lot of explanation. Okay. Amen. Look how beautiful. Amen. If somebody leaves the church, never wipe him off. Never. I always say sometime people leave the church the good way, they leave the church the bad way. But the way we react on them, our youngsters observe it very clear. And they would see if our words have a certain credential or if it's just blah blah. We this message is not a sect, brother. It's a family. You know what the difference of a sect is? If you are, it is only defined by membership. If you are in the church, okay, brother Marcus, before the foundation of the world and my theophony stands beside your theophony and we were already and okay and then something happens to Marcus, not that he's just something happened, a great distress, a great depression, somebody that he fell in love and the girl doesn't want to anything like this and Marcus gives up for some time. Okay. He says, "Look, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just leaving that whole thing because of" and then the same people will say, "Yeah, to just to just to identify just to to excuse himself. You you must understand they left us because they were never part of us." You see, so Marcus after a couple of years and and he repented. He said, "Heavenly Father, please call me back." And I'm going back to the same same group. And then we say, "Oh, Marcus, wonderful. Before the foundation of the world, we were always, hey, who wants to believe that nonsense?" Yeah, brother. If we are if we are family of God, we stay family of God. Amen. Take away. I I I I remember I told one time my daughter, I said, "Honey, uh look, God put us together as a family and we are friends. Please understand when when you have a little child like this, when you have a car accident, on the other side, you have the same size of the offhony. Your children are your brothers and your sisters. That what we have have to understand." So I told my little honey I said I said look I want to tell you one thing that daddy loves you a lot. If you would leave the message, if you would become a Muslim, okay, amen. If you whatever you come with a bora and you only have something, that's up to you. That's your life. I'm not commanding your life. But one thing is sure, daddy will always be daddy. We are always friends. Because because our love is not conditioned of what you think, what you believe, where you are. Love is a is is a power. Brother, love is not a feeling. Love is a person. I said I might not agree with your lifestyle but I agree with your heart with your soul. I even mentioned the brother Paul about about homosexuality and so forth. We must pay a lot of attention of people of not agreeing with their lifestyle but agree with their soul. We're not helping people by despising them. They need help. Amen. They need Amen. Can you say amen, brother? In all these years that we're in the message, we never let down the the bars. Never. We don't have the same st but we lost we we had times when we were more spiritual like brother Brennham than brother Brandham but it was pure legalism and legalism brother is a is a dead end it leads into nothing it's it's ready to frustrate people if love holds up the standard sir can you say amen so he takes the book amen in other words the marriage of the lamb praise God he comes down it's not a seminary It's not okay. Um, uh, when the rapture comes, here comes that multiplechoice test. Who was the fourth messenger? Um, uh, Bonnie and Clyde. No, no, not Bonnie and Clyde. Okay. You see, it's a life. It's an attitude. It's a love affair. I'll tell you one thing. You come to a place where you cannot leave the message. There's no way. You say, I am the message. Sorry, but you're not despising them who just go. You just said, "Lord, help them. Give them grace, Father." Because let's be honest with one another. If God would not have kept us, we would be in all kind of immorality. But it was just the grace of God. Can you say amen? Amen. And God by his love, he breaks such a binding. Bondage, no bondage, not such a b uh bonding. Not bondage. Bonding. We were talking this afternoon about the bonding of father and son. You know when it comes nothing nothing nothing can separate you. Brother this message makes such a bonding to God. You cannot leave it. So brother Marcus what is your what is your what is your what is your doctrine? I have a father. He calls me his own long before even time began. My life was in his hand. Can you say amen? Amen. The lamb takes the book in again one aspect. There's a lot of aspects. I'm not as I told you before. But the lamb takes his bride because we are the words in that book. It's not an intellectual thing. I mean we dummies we understand it because love can be understood by everyone. Can you say amen? So we understand that when Revelation 10 comes, Amen. And that book now comes to the bride. Okay? And I went unto the angel and I said unto him, give me the little book. Amen. And he said unto me, take it, eat it up, and it shall make that belly better, bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book and of the angel's hand, and ate it up, and it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it up, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many people and nations and tongues and kings." Look, when the bride takes the book, Amen. That means, or when she receives the book, in reality, we speak of a marriage. That's right. The book and her the book now comes to its final landing place. It's made for her because we are the words in that book. What does God do? What does the taking of the book means? the bride get her identification. Nobody could tell us who we were. Amen. But I know I made it already years ago. No prophet could look as far as William Brandon. Yeah. John could only say in the beginning. Amen. Moses could only say in the beginning. But this messenger could look way before the beginning. That's right. Yeah. And we need it that way. Amen. There was a name by the name of uh Bud Suswick and brother Bisll gave that that that that that little testimony. Bud Suswick was a was a was a believer and he was a secret smoker. Amen. So whenever he went to be with the horses, he was secretly smoking. Nobody knew about that. And he said, "And one day, brother Brian just laid in his tent. I came back to take care of the kitchen and so forth." And uh brother Brham said, "Hey, since how many years are you a Christian already?" And Buddy said, "Oh, Bud says, "Oh, brother, since many years." And after some minutes, he said, "And brother Brandham said, laying on his bed, but did you ever smoke when you were an unbeliever?" And B said, "Yes, brother, not more." And after some minutes, he said, and brother Brandham said, "But when did you stop smoking?" And B said, "Right now." That's what he says. And he said, "I knew that brother Brham saw me." We must understand, brother Brandham understood what happened in the garden of Eden because he saw the scenery and could it bring it back. So this prophet could go way before the logos in the days of the voice of the sevens in the mystery. Paul was forbidden to write it was unlawful. John said seal up. But in the days of the I show who I am. Brother, we are the first generation who understand God. Yeah, that's right. Therefore, we are not prowned into any fanaticism. That's right. Or radicalism or legalism. Amen. It is love from the beginning, love from and not love in worldliness because the Holy Ghost in us keeps us on the standard. Can you say amen? Amen. So, Revelation 10. Amen. The bride, the bride receives the book. Let me say she receives her true identity. Amen. Amen. Who gives her identity? The husband. Therefore, brother Bram said in the seventh seal, I don't call you church anymore. Call you bride. Only your husband can give you the identity. Only your husband can lift up the veil. That's what happened in our time. And here we are. There's no need, brother, to become arrogant because what we are, we are by God's grace. We are not better than the Baptist. Don't forget this. Not better than the Methodist. But what is our difference? The deep call it to the deep. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Here we go. Amen. Now that's why the rapture, the bride, the wise virgin, the called out, the four ordained, the elect. Why you businessmen wouldn't run your office like some people try to think that God runs his problem program halfhazard. God knew before the foundation of the world who would be saved and who would not be saved. By predestination, by fornowledge, he saw every member, put every name in the lamb's book of life before the church ever began. Jesus come to seek and save that which was on that book. He bought the book of redemption. Amen. Amen. It was lost and he redeemed us in all names. Was on that book. Was redeemed when he redeemed us. Amen. When he bought the book, he bought his bride. Amen. Bought it back. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. We know that brother Bram says there is two dead ends. One is the Armenianism, okay? And one is the Calvinism. Brother Ram said there's there's a there's a truth in between. Amen. Don't go don't go on the extremes. Okay? Keep a balance. So here we go. I'm not looking in the audience right now, but I want to tell you one thing. This is a message family. This is how how does the Frenchman do? This is tremendous. Amen. I mean, not not only the girls, not only the girls are tremendous. I mean, with that kind of a but the boys, man, everybody has a tie on. Okay. I mean, this is the church, a church, a wonderful church. My problem is only this. They are nothing else than Baptists. It's a Baptist family. In other words, to produce a holy church, you don't need a message. You just need some holiness, some pressure. You just have to put that You don't need a message to pick some long hair and long dress and and and and young boys with ties. That's not the message. Holiness is part of the message, but it's not the heart of the message. Amen. You remember the holiness movement? Long and and I say it I say it honestly but there's a truth behind long hair long dress long faces. Amen. Long hair long dress long faces. There are people they are not happy brother. And and and and and and to think we are happy because we have longer is not the thing. This messy is a heart is God opens his heart to us. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Here we go. We're back. I'm just speaking by inspiration. Have you ever thought how beautiful? I mean, Jesus portraying the gospel. The whole book is the revelation of Christ. Amen. And the bride. It's a love letter for the bride. Here's the prodigal son. Okay. And he wants to have his money. And he uses it for rioteous living. Amen. Okay. Was I correct? Not righteous living. Riotous living. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Let me say a little bit plain. He wasn't every red light district restricted there was. Don't don't be don't be don't don't Yeah. Be that was but when he came to a certain point God makes a miracle because the Bible says and the boy came to himself. Wasn't that there was no deacon coming. There was no preacher coming. God the boy came to himself. Almighty God calls him back. And what was the first revelation that he has? I have a father. He doesn't say I have a brother Brandham. I have I have a father and my father is a great man and my father will forgive me. Whatever comes my way, I have a father, brother. That's gospel. That's gospel. And the boy was not coming starch. Yeah, that's no no no. He was humbled. But his father so much loved him. He said, "Boy, I cannot deny you. You're part of me. Come on. Have you ever thought about the second boy? He was in a worse condition. Worst condition. Because he was he had working working ethics. Yeah. That comes from Protestantism. I I I looked it up a lot. I had a lot of time for the seven churches when we had COVID about church history. Now, where are the pilgrim fathers? And it's all respected. But brother, if if if if if we have a high moral standard, but if we connect it with an arrogant spirit, it would not help us a lot. Would not we must have a feeling for a dying world. We must give the young people time to find the Lord Jesus themselves. We cannot conform them into a brother. We live we live in a little village in us and an older sister, she was so she was so embarrassed because one of the girls left the mess or left left the church and he comes with blue hair. Blue hair. Brother Marcus, isn't that a shame? She was in our Sunday school and now she has blue hair. I said, "Sister, the girl is just honest. She's a sinner. She needs Christ. She's just honest. Blue hair or no blue hair, what's the heck?" He said, "But you have the Holy Ghost to take that situation under your control to pray and give a helping hand and say, Lord, you help me so much in my life. Why don't you help that young girl the same way and give a helping hand and embrace her and hug her and said, "Hey, you you're not in the in the best condition, but know one thing, we never forget you." Amen. Brother, I I tell you something from my life. I mentioned it years ago already. I'm I'm I'm sometime sometime young people they leave a church, whatever. Not only our own church, they leave the church and I have their WhatsApp and I'm not exaggerating but I speak about a tragic that we have in the message world. I I'm I'm writing them, brother so and so, how are you doing by WhatsApp? Nine out of or eight out of 10 they write back, "Brother Marcus, I wasn't in church on Sunday." I said, "Look, I understand I'm over 50, but I'm not as old as you think. I saw who was there and who is not there. So, so don't Okay. I said my question is how how are you doing? They write back next Sunday I'm back. It's it's hypocrisy anyhow because if somebody wants to come back he's there he doesn't tell come back but you see in the mind of these youngsters they think if the if a preacher contacts me the only question that he has where were you on Sunday and I said look that's not my question how are you doing can we do something for you because you were part of us and in our mind you are still part of us brother I was in one of the churches in the US and people have wonderful ideas and some of the churches they have. It depends a little bit on their on their church history. Some they they keep all the young people, some have a little bit of a trouble. I came into a into a fellowship room. It was full of pictures like 20 30 pictures um of of young people. And he said, "Who who who are these young people?" And the pastor told me this. He said, "Brother Marcus, they left the church in all these years." Okay? But we keep their picture up. Praise God. So that we show to them and to us they are still part of us and when they come back to the log we can take that picture because we now have the original sitting there. Brother never give up on people. Amen. God has the last answer last word in everything. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So we understand. Amen. So here brother Bram said Amen. What what happened in our time the lamb takes the book. Amen. Amen. Christ takes his bride. It's a marriage. It's a spiritual union. Okay. Amen. Now, notice the light. You can see with your hands, yet it's part of the body. You can see with your ears, yet you can hear, but you can see with your nose, yet it smells. You can see with the lips, though it speaks. That was the Pentecostal age, but now it's the eye time, the seeing. Now, there isn't one moving faculty beyond the eyes. Is that right? The next is the intelligent which is Christ himself who controls the whole body. Look how beautiful. If you see my passport and the picture, you only see this. Okay? You don't see that part. Okay? My identity is this. Okay? Huh? So, so brother B makes it clear. I'm an uh mouth age. Pentecostal age. No. Where's the problem? Amen. Auza street. Is that the rest? No. God sent a prophet. His name is William Brham. Is this the end? No. Christ himself, the intelligence comes that we can think like God. Amen. Therefore, we are not Brandomites. The great person in this generation was not William Brandham. Is the Lord Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? Brother Brandon was the Eleaza ministry bringing us to that person. Have you ever thought about that? Here comes Eleaza and he goes into the house of Laban. Okay. And he has gifts like brother Brandon was invited for the for the for the uh for the denominations with his healing gift. And the Bible says and father got some money and gifts and mother got some money and gifts and the sisters got everybody got some money and gifts. But but but Rebecca was not interested in the money and the gifts. She was interested in the future husband in Eleaza in in in in Isaac. Okay. So they went though I want to say this clear. If you have I have a gift, use that gift for the glory and the honor of God. Where's the problem? If somebody has a gift, what? But never make the minor to the major and the major to the minor. Okay. Amen. So here's here's Rebecca again in the evening time of marriage. Amen. So they are both on their camels. Rebecca says, "I Eza, look uh you know a little bit my future husband. Can't you just uh explain me a little bit who I will marry? Amen. And Eleaza said, "No problem. Who is this MelzDC?" Amen. Uniting times and signs. I mean, Christ is the mystery of God revealed and all these preachings Eleaza revealed the nature of the future husband and she's so much in love. He's Have you ever seen the generation book? Yes. And have you ever seen the conclusion many times is not very spiritual. Okay. Hope I can say this. Okay. But you can see let me say no that was not the wrong word. Please forgive me. Let me say like this. I don't agree with many of their conclusions. That is better to say. I don't agree with it. No, I don't believe that brother Brandon will come back. No, don't agree with that. But you could see how these people loved William Brham. how they were so impressed about the nature, the man, the character. But I say this, if Eleaza was such a wonderful type of a person, if brother Brandon was such a wonderful type of a person, what about the Lord Jesus Christ? Brother, it will be a pleasure to go into the rapture. Will be a pleasure to meet him one day and say, "You are so much love." Can you say amen? Amen. A person one time said, "You remember brother Ramy had a little bit of his complexes? You see him standing right before beside Orura Roberts and you can see he had a little bit of a minority complex." Amen. Okay. Had a had a bad English. Okay. Was just a short man. Amen. And and and a brother said one time, "You must understand, brother Marcus, Eleaza was not a handsome man because God made sure that Rebecca does not fall in love with Eleaza." Amen. Okay. And there's too much message believers. They want to marry Eleazar. But you must marry Christ, which is the word in the evening time. What is it? Tent vision. Yes. They were meeting in the tent of their mother again. Amen. So much loving one another. Can you say amen? Amen. It's a special time. It's not the time of just amen. Look what brother said. Look, Christ in you makes him the center of life of the revelation. That's right. Christ's life in you makes him the center of the revelation. Christ in the Bible makes the Bible a complete revelation of Christ. Christ in you makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. See what God is trying to do. And we continue but I will not continue because then it's a question of the new birth. Show me your wife and I show you what type of person you are. Show me your husband, I show you what type of person you are. Amen. That means we are the reflection. We are the revelation of what Christ wants to be or is. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. So here we go. That was a very weak amen. Did you all marry the wrong partner or what? Amen. But brother Chad said amen. That was very important when the pastor said amen. Look how beautiful brother. This message you this message is not a doctrine. No, you must paint a picture. You must paint a p and then you see, oh, how can I leave that place? No way for us to go. We are we have humanity. We have human human tensions among us, brother. That's normal. Come on. Okay. It's nothing nicer than to be a just a guest minister. Wherever I go, you're the man of the hour. You come this guy and and then you go and say shalom. Okay. Take care. See you next year. But don't you don't you think that people are in Bizburg are offended of me? Sure. I mean that's that's the human part. I always said a person said to me, "Brother, brother Marcus, it's very difficult to get along with you." I said, "You only see me twice a week, but I have to deal with me all the day long, seven days a week. So pray for me." But look how beautiful. Look how be so don't brother if you see this how God in reality is orchestring everything. You have patience with yourself. Brother, if you become older in life, you will understand one thing. If God doesn't change the situation, nobody will change it. When we were younger, we were trying to change people unless No, no, no. You must wait upon God. And patience is a great treasure because we can do things too fast, too early. You just have to I must understand these people. I I don't own these people. They are God's children. I'm just a brother and a sister. Okay. So, here we go. Brother Brandon, the new the new church. You might have wondered a few minutes ago why I was so long coming out. My first duty as I come into the new church. I married a young man and woman standing in the office. May it be a type that I will be a loyal minister to Christ together, bride, ready for the ceremonies of that day. Here we are. Brother Brham, just as the heavenly marriage officer, he said, and what does he say? What God puts together, what God puts together, Christ and the bride, God can only marry himself. Amen. Nobody can put us under. Amen. Nobody can preach you out of that covenant. Nobody can preach you into it. Amen. It's this is God's grace. Amen. Can you say amen? So, here's brother Brandon. I'll finish you by. Amen. How beautiful. Hallelujah. This message is not a doctrine. Young people, don't be frustrated if you don't bring everything together. We do not bring neither everything. We only do as if. Amen. We we preach mighty sermons, but if you ask a little bit what you see, wait. Don't be frustrated, but be faithful in things that you see already. Amen. Yeah, brother. We came out of a situation where we always said black or white, 100% or nothing. But we found out people cannot live that standard. Today I say look, if you can give 10% to the Lord Jesus, the only thing you have your television at home, but you come to church, take that 10%. And serve the Lord Jesus with that 10% and God will multiply that little bread. Before we were okay, if it's not perfect, you have to go and and then everybody went then everybody went and so we have to now try to find them back say yeah I mean there is a way and Jesus is the way and you must yeah but why did you say that way? Yeah, we you must understand it's bright age and um but but God is forming us step by step taking things out of us. A person said, "Brother Marcus, I'm a little bit too world." Yeah, I understand that. What's the problem? God will you just continue. Let that inner man grow and things will just leave you. Amen. Can you say amen? But this message is a is a relationship between God and his children. Look, here's brother Glenn. Um the storm is is is is uh is calmed. Okay. He comes down the mountain. Okay. And then he hears a voice. You know what that voice said? For the first time in thousand years, God says, "Why don't you walk with me?" For the first time, God says, God doesn't want to have Muslimic worship. Okay, let me say imagine you come you come you you come home, okay, and your children all kneel on the floor, father is home, father is home, we can go to Amazon because he brings money back home. We we we we we pray God you are so great. God is not a narcissist. Yeah. God is not a narcissist. He know he says there's nobody beside me anyhow. Yeah. Do you think we can make God great by some words? Amen. But God wants affection. He wants love. You know, you want your children to just hug you. Daddy is home. Blessed be the name of the Lord. When you come to church, don't go in brother Chad's church. Come into the house of your father. Amen. Can you say amen? Brother, have you ever seen that it was on a Wednesday, it was my own testimony and you really really really doing bad. Amen. And and we hear them certain voices, let me call it uh thoughts, okay? uh which says uh in that condition you cannot go to church. No, no, no, no. You you better stay today at home. You're not a blessing like this. You stay home. Have you ever heard that voice, that thought? In other words, it speaks English and German. I hear it in German. You hear it in English. But I I want to tell you this. If Satan tells you to stay home, you tell Satan, you stay home, man. Because you're not becoming more spiritual by staying home. Come in the house of God. He says, "Heavenly Father, here I am. Everything went wrong and I did c I looked things that was not right. I did things but here is here I am. Please help me. God loves this. He wants to be a father. Amen. Can you say amen? Have you ever walked Have you ever thought about this? Here's brother Brandon. None of the messengers had the authority like brother William Brandon. There was two. They were special. Paul laid the foundation. Brother Brandon brought the capstone. Amen. Brother Brandon was the only one who could say, "I now go into a room and take every spirit under the control for the honor and the glory of God." But he himself believed a lie. He he passes by Oral Roberts University and he sees that great stature and he says he has 200 secretaries and I have only one typewriter. And brother Ram said, "I felt sorry for myself. I started crying." Amen. And the devil told him, "Look, God could not never trust your money." I mean, here's a man who takes every spirit under his control. The voice says to brother Abraham, "Your ministry is higher than the ministry of all the Old Testament prophets. You know of greater things." And he believes the lie of the devil. And then God comes on the scene. He says, "Look up. I'm your portion. That's the reason we come to church. Not to hear about new I mean, look up. Amen. I am your portion." Amen. Nobody who no matter who the next president is, next pope, whatever. I am your portion. Can you say amen? So you wake up in the morning and you have strange thoughts. Very strange thought. I'm I'm not the only one. You too. Because you must understand that you live in a psychological warfare. You must understand that you cannot trust your own thoughts. And I cannot trust my own thoughts. You have to wash your face and then you say take every spirit under my control for the glory and the honor of God. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. So God in thousands of time he just demand demanded obedience. That's what the holiness movement holiness movement can bring you obedience. They work a lot of pressure. Amen. It could be the last time and all. Oh we all didn't. I mean Amen. They they we we saw that kind of of Jimmy Swagger on this side. I see marriage problems. I mean if you have 20 marriages okay decide I see heart problems. I mean if you're watching Tik Tok seven hours per day what going to McDonald's not making exercises. Okay there's not a question about that. your cholesterol goes up. You know, I don't have to be a prophet to see that. Okay? But they work with fear. They work with if you don't do this, you miss the rapture. But the bride says, "I am the rapture." I am. The rapture is a person and is an event. The the the resurrection was a person and event. Jesus said, "I am the resurrection." I think I think it was one time it was it was Tony Up. I hope I'm not quoting him wrong. It's in my mind. It was him going to the airplane somewhere in Canada and he was just running on the and and he was too late. It was already boarding time. He was and he was a man just going and walk normally beside him and Tony said, "Yes, but but you must understand we must the flight to Calgary or whatever. I missed my flight and we have to" and the man said, "No, you get your flight." I mean, yeah, but but it's already boarding time. We are too late. And the man just said, "No, you get your flight. I'm the pilot." Yes, brother. You must understand the bride cannot miss the rapture. Cannot cannot. Cannot. But you say, "Brother Marcus, if you preach that we become worldly." No, you have the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost will not allow that you become worldly. But one if God is not interested in our bio rhythm. That's right. Because sometime we feel saved and sometime we feel very much saved. And if we performed performed three days well, we think we're the bride. I give you I give you a little I give you a little little little illustration. I want to be honest with you this morning. Can you say amen so far? I want to be honest with you. Everybody thinks look if we have a million message believers and brother Ram said it will be only a few. So how will God choose out of all the message to to make it? And and and I saw my own family and we always are at church. We're three times a service a week and most of the people just come on Sunday or depends on the distance a little bit. Okay. But we are always there. So I thought by myself, look, in comparison to others, it's good. Honest. Honest. I was a young man and I had a lot of I had a lot of banana in my head. I tell you, a lot of banana. But by God's grace, we now think twice. Okay. Amen. Amen. And one day I was in Paris and uh there was brother Mosaka and we had the morning service and then we wanted to go to eat and for the afternoon service and just to eat. And then was his his his wife sitting in the first row and just praying like this. I said, "Brother Mosaka, let's take your wife and then we go eating. We have the second service late in the afternoon." in my and he said to me, "No, no, she is sitting there and waiting and praying for this evening service all day, all all four, five hours without standing up." And I said, "Okay." And in that moment, I thought, "Okay, if she and me, if God counts just the prayer hours, Marcus has no chance to make it." You see what carnal comparison means? Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Yeah. Amen. So it must be the bride. She is the rapture. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So here we go. For the first time, God does not want obedience. He wants fellowship. Amen. Amen. God wants love. Yeah. You say they must obedience is is part of love. Come on. Amen. Faithfulness, integrity, loyalty, everything is part of love. But you can do it with legalism. But God is not searching legal. God wants love. Amen. Amen. To come into the house of the Lord to dress like a real believer to honor God even by your dressings. A young girl, I tell you one thing, you keep your body clean. God is honoring that. You honor God and God honors you. Yeah. Can you say amen? If the musicians would come, brother, we are the we are the words in the book. This was only for the bride. Amen. Amen. The rest there is a there's a class of people. They will get salvation. they will get re uh uh eternal life according to my understanding. I hope you see it the same way. Don't wipe off Yeah. a sick world. They need Jesus. Amen. Jesus is the way. You say they don't come to a message church. Yeah. But I mean, brother Blair said this. He speaks of Abraham who is a thousand dollars or one one silver dollar and Lot he's just some pennies. Amen. Amen. And then brother Bham said this quote brother Brandham God sometime uses these pennies quote brother Brham everything that served God's purpose will have a resurrection. Amen. Let your neighbor who he is he does good well to you. God bless you. Amen. I made I made a little experience in my own life because we were we were thinking quite mind. I mean everything outside of the message is just saw dust. just I mean we were we we all love Israel especially my pastor and me and we were there and uh and we were uh I was the janitor for the community and so there was the Protestant church which made a little how do you call it a presentation about Israel okay so here was I and I said okay Protestant church yeah these unbelieving cane movement let them I was really sitting like that that's yeah yeah yeah Okay, it's my job and I hope that and he was presenting a book about the Jews in the in the black forest and I thought by myself I would like to buy that book but I looked no money with me. Ah, that's so sad. Okay, so everything is over and I shut down the lights and that man came to me. He said, "Mr. Becca, I felt on my heart to give you that book as a little present." And I was and I said, "God bless you." What should I say? God bless you. Thank you very much. The Lord be with you. God bless you. Come on. These people have a soul. These people have feelings. Amen. This message did not make us arrogant. This message gave us a feeling for a dying world. The Lord, is there still one? Is there a neighbor? Can I be a light for my neighbor? Can I be a a helpful hand for my neighbor? Can you say amen? Somebody leaves the message. Some of the people who left the message never left the message. They left the fanaticism in the message. The Brandham cult that they left, but they never left the message. Once you unle once once you are in the message you are in the Lord Jesus Christ. Have you ever thought about this how beautiful and finishing by that I want to first go to Esther but then I thought this is very beautiful. Have you ever thought about what I was preaching Paul said into Hebrew those who those he who sanctifies and those who sanctified are both coming from one. We come from the same for source as Jesus Christ. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. Therefore, he's our father, our brother, our sister, our mother. We are the female part of him. Coming from the same father, nobody can preach you into that family. Amen. So, here is David. And David, he Amen. In in our little story, he was so, let me say, he was so distressed. Brother Brian preaches about the man uh around David, this this mighty men. Amen. Uh warriors, fighters. Ah, amen. Fighters. Brother Bram said, quote, brother Bram, they did not know what fear was. They did not know that. Therefore, I always tell the young people, brother, to be masculine doesn't mean to be brute. You can show empathy. You can show love. You can show feeling that masculine is dead. Bas is not brute. So, they didn't know what fear was. Okay? And David just said, "If I would just have a uh a a little drink from the well in Bethlehem." And brother Brandham said this. Quote, "Brother Brandham, the least of the wishes of David were command for these men." They and then he said it because they were so much in love with David. Amen. So much they love. Okay. So they went out, okay, and went through that Philistine land, okay, brought it back after 14 miles. I mean, and David was so pleased to see that love affair between both. It was not a command. I mean, the church in denomination, they commanded. Everything was commanded and if you don't follow, we will have a okay, at the end, they will just put you out. But this message is different. It must be a love affair between Christ and the bride. Everybody finds his place. Every you learn to respect your brother because you see the Holy Spirit is part in him. Amen. Definitely. So you you respect older people because you now understand what life they lived for the message of the hour. We're not impressed who's the best preacher, who can perform the best, who can sing the best. You see the quality in a person's life. And by the way, older people, that is your dignity. If you if you're really matured in the Lord, nobody has to clap you on your shoulder. You know who you are. Amen. You find your name in the book. If somebody sees it or not, you know who you are. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. It's a great It's a It's a I want to say this. I'm not an old person yet, but it's a treasure to become older. Amen. Amen. We can color our hairs. We can do whatever we want. That's not the problem. But if we become not only gray or old in the message, let us become mature in the message. It's a pleasure to become older. Because when we were younger, we talked really banana. Yeah. But now we think even our teaching was sometime now we just throw it out just because it it sounded nice not knowing what was the effect of all these things and it's oh I remember one thing the wisdom of of of of and I will not go into it not at all as I said but there was brother Bisll in all his wisdom I mean all the ministers from Europe were together asked brother Bisll did the lamb leave the mercy seat I mean if you want to make a bump to explode, you bring this in. Okay? If you want to make a bomb because we came out of these things of the 80s and the 90s and nobody is say oh we came out of these things not me but the people and he and I thought by myself what will he say whatever he says is now wrong and he says look I mean all this wisdom he says do you think that God changed his nature after the opening of the seals? God is always love but it depends on who has now entry or access to the throne of man. That is the question. And I thought now I understood why he is a worldwide minister and while Marcus Becker is just a hillbilly that nobody know because you need because whatever you would say it would have been a bomb to explode. It would have flit the church and he was so wise to say look it is a complex question which cannot be answered in just one or two verses. I thought by myself Marcus you have to learn a lot of things. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Yeah. You say amen that Marcus has to learn a lot of things. I realize that. But I I agree with you. We we are one in that. Okay. But brother, we I I tell you one thing. I want to be honest with you. I know now over 30 years. I think I minister. I'm so happy that there was no YouTube when I was a young minister because today we think twice. What will be the effects? I'm a of if I say a certain so I understand my slogan but will the other part of will they understand what I said or will it cause changes therefore today we we think twice how can you put it into words that there is no question amen so there was such a love between David and his men and that's the situation of Christ and the brides she loves him so much brother I I hope I'm not I'm I'm not too childish behind the pulpit you know but it's it's not that thing of working people up in the in the church, you must be in the church. You must be spiritual. But you must be spiritual at home at the same time. When you are in your forest, when you are in your work and sometime I'm just in my day uh in in my working day, you see and I just stop a little bit and I say it's it's it must be anointing. You cannot okay and just say, "Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I love you so much." Amen. Is there anything that I could do for you today to just make you smile? And brother Bam said, "If you love me, help my children." So you find out something to just give a little test message. Hey, just thought about you. God bless you. Oh yeah. Amen. Just these little things means so much for God. Expression of love. Can you Can you say amen? But we have a wonderful song. Do you know the song I have a father? Wonderful. Why don't we sing that song? Okay. Maybe you never heard it before, but let's teach it that way. Amen. But it's so wonderful. I have a father. Thank you very much. Was just a wonderful Do you you understand? Amen. No. Up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up to God. Amen. Amen. You you understand today we're not preaching at people. We're just sharing things. Amen. And I know that I'm speaking to an audience who really have a clear vision of how great and how wonderful our father is. And what a what a wonderful wonderful time. Thank you, brother Chad. This afternoon it was very let me say I know it was a little bit abstract for the young people. Understand this. But this afternoon we put it into practice a little things. the things that can happen to our life that we always keep our head over every situation. A great shalom to all. Amen. Amen. I have a [Music] father [Music] because he never leave me. No matter where I [Music] go, he knows my name. He knows my every heart. He sees the tears and hears me when I have a [Applause] more glorious I my name. He knows my name. [Music] on [Music] fire and hear me. Is it fine before the prayer that we are singing? As the deer pants for the water. Is that okay? You know the song. Yeah. Yeah. As the deep pentest fall, the water so my soul long after thee. You alone are my heart. Desire and I worth you to worship me. [Applause] You are alone are my strength and my shield. You alone may my spirit. You alone are my heart. desire. I long to worship you. Yes, you're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are my king, I want you more. any other so much more than anything you would like. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone my spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship me. [Music] Amen. Don't you love him? The more we hear about him, the more we love him. And we love him because he first loved us. Man, I've been just meditating on my own and thinking about so many things. And today was just such a wonderful refreshing service. Amen. Amen. To paint a clear picture. And I realized the message came to remove all the barriers that were hindering us from this understanding. I mean, there's doctrine involved. There's teaching. There's examples. There's all kinds of things that are included in the message. But the real purpose was to strip away the veil and every barrier that made this difficult. I thank God for that. Amen. Amen. Now, we're really thankful for our brother that he came by. And as we just pray, we want to ask God to make this more and more real to us every day, every moment of the day that we can lose the religion that's stuck in our mind. Our humanity and all the things that it can all fade away from us and every barrier that's in our mind. Yes, sir. Sometimes the barrier is not any longer in the church or any teaching. Sometimes the barrier is in our own mind. Glory. Amen. Let God just take the truth and wipe the barrier away so that we can come into this kind of relationship that brings us into real rest and a real identification and an understanding of we are and brings real faith and peace and rest. And as we pray, I also want to pray a special prayer for our brother Marcus. He's got a big project that the Lord laid on his heart to do a documentary on the seed of Abraham to to show us what God has done in his redemption plan. And I'd like for us to just pray that God will bless him and anoint him and inspire him and send all the help that he needs at the right time. And if you could just to remember to keep him in prayer for that. Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we thank you, Lord Jesus. God, you've been so good to us, Lord. Again and again and again, you're trying to show us who we are and who you really are. Lord, we've had false understandings and misunderstandings and wrong pictures. Lord, some that have been painted for us. Some we've painted ourselves. But God, you've come and sent us the truth. And the truth is to push away all lies, all darkness, anything that would obscure a clear vision of what truth really is. And God, we're so thankful for that. We're thankful for the word you brought today. Lord, may it become the the only reality in our lives. The only thing that is true is this great understanding that you want us to have of who we are, who you are, and what your desire was from before the foundation of the world. Father, and where we fit into that desire. May it bring security. May it bring peace. May it bring genuine love. May it bring the reality of everything you've been trying to show us. May it come into us and flow out from us. For we give ourselves Aresh to you. We are so grateful, Lord. We thank you for our brother Marcus, Lord, and that he journeyed so far to come and be with us. We thank you for using him as a tool in your hand to help us. And God, we pray that you would pour blessings back upon him for his labor of love here, but also for the project you've laid on his heart. Lord, we just pray you would strengthen him, give him wisdom, give him a special anointing to see the project through to the end. And may it be done according to your desire. and may it be a maximum help to us and to many other people, Lord, that they may have eyes to see because of what you're going to show. I pray that you send him the right kind of help in the right season both physically, financially. Everything that he has need of, I pray you provide it, Lord, so that it wouldn't be brother Marcus' project, but it would be your project that you used him to see through to the end. We love you. We thank you, God, for all you say and do. And may the reality, Lord, become more than a teaching, more than a doctrine, more than a sermon. May it become alive inside of us. And may everything that you've poured in to us, may it be reflected back to you. And may you take joy in it as it all comes back to you, Lord. Back in praise, back in love, back in fellowship. May we pour back into you what you've poured into us so we might share true fellowship with you. We love you. We ask you would bless us as we part. Keep us safe along the ways. Bless the afternoon service with the young people. Lord, may you refresh our brother. Anoint him once again and use him once again to help us all the young ones among us to have a clear understanding as well. We love you. We give ourselves to you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you all. It's been wonderful to have you here and those who are visiting, God bless you. It's been a pleasure to have you amongst us. Amen. [Music] Will as the deer panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. You are all desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone I desire and I long to worship me. You are my friend. You are my friend. And you are my brother. Even though you are my king, I want you more than any other so much more than any. You alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone I heart desire and I long to worship thee. And I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eyes. You alone are my strength and my shield. You alone as my spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and I long to worship thee. You alone, you alone are my strength and my shield. You alone does my spirit. you my Lord desire and I toship. I just want to please the Lord. [Music] Be it his will it ever to be lost in his presence. Found in his likeness to hear him say well done someday. [Music] I just want to please the Lord in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday once more." I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way to be lost. In his presence, found in his likeness. Hear him say, "Well [Music] done." Jesus, your name is power. Jesus, your name is mine. Jesus, your name will break every stronghold. Jesus your name is love. Jesus your name brings healing healing. Jesus your name gives sign. Jesus your name will free every captive. Jesus your name is love. Jesus your name is holy holy. Jesus your name brings life. Jesus your name above every other. Jesus your name is life. Your name. Jesus your name is power. Jesus your name is mine. Jesus your name will break every stronghold. Jesus, your name is [Music] How preious is your love for me. It is beyond my understanding. [Music] Oh Lord, I want to realize the meaning of the price which you paid to save us. The very thought you died for me inspires my heart with humble worship. I couldn't earn your love by deeds. His grace my spirit needs in your redeeming favor. Unto you I'll sing my song. Lifting up your name, Lord Jesus. Wondrous love is pure and strong, casting away my sin, changing me from [Music] within. I stand amazed of what you do. You hold a vessel that's been broken. The image, Lord, you want to see reflecting you in me. The true and holy token. shall not break or read a line that's bruised in scar in this dark hour. You heal my body and my soul. For your love will make me whole by your restoring power. Unto you I'll sing my song. Lifting up your name, Lord Jesus. Wondous love is pure and strong. casting away my sin, changing me from within. You are faithful to me. You are faithful. You are faithful. [Music]
