################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - 250528 - Chad Lamb God in Partnership With Man - Part 4 Unlimited Possibilities - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    250528 - Chad Lamb: God in Partnership With Man - Part 4: Unlimited Possibilities
Speaker:  Chad Lamb
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQlcAqut_4o
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Well, I'm thinking of a rapture in that blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. How raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout and how we'll sing and the redeemed are gathering in. And there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold when the regime are gathering in. Oh, what music? Oh, what singing or the city will be rolled in when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, and the redeemed are gathering in. Hearts like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout and how we'll sing and redeem our gathering in. And saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen. For they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh when the redeemed are gathering in, wash like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout, how we'll sing, and the redeemed are gathering in. Well, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. Wo when the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed washed like so and free from all sin. I will shout. I will sing. and the redeemed are gathering in. Well, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain nor death can enter there. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. Oh, my heavenly home is bright and fair. And I feel like traveling on. It's glittering towers. The sun outshine. I feel like traveling on. That heavenly mansion shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and bare. I feel like traveling on. Let others seek the home below. I feel like traveling on which flames devour waves or flow. I feel like traveling. Verse four. Well, the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling, traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wondering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring in. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in, oh, I know I'll see my Savior. If my life is free from sin, heaven's doors will open for me. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring in. And when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within, I'll be shouting glory, glory. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring in one more time. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in, Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring, I'll say yes, Lord, yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. Once more. Will I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me. With my whole heart I'll agree and my answer will be yes Lord. I just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? [Applause] Thanks for that special night. When I saw your glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Praise you. [Music] Praise you. Let my [Music] life praise [Music] you. Praise you. Praise you. to praise you. Let my life, oh Lord, praise you. Let's all stand. Lord, I come to you today with a simple prayer to pray In [Music] everything I do. Let my life, oh Lord, praise you. Praise you. Praise you. Oh, let my life praise you. Praise [Music] you. Praise you. Let my life, oh Lord, praise [Music] you, Lord. You formed me out of pain. [Music] For your glory I was made. Use this vessel as you choose. and my heart. Oh Lord, praise you. Oh, praise you. Praise you. Will praise you. and my love. Praise you. Praise [Laughter] you. Praise you. Let my life for praise you as brother Chad comes. Oh, how I long to be in love with you till all the world just fades from me. A deep calling to the deep. Burning inside is my heart's crown. To have the word made in me, living pure and holy unto thee. This longing in my heart only you can satisfy. How I long to be in love with you till all the world just fades from you. Deep falling to the deep, burning in sun is my heart's come. To have the word made manifest in me, living pure and holy unto thee. this longing in my heart. Only you can satisfy. Amen. Let's bow our heads together this evening. Dear heavenly father, we thank you Lord once again for you are so wonderful Lord and so merciful and so kind. Lord, we thank you for the privilege of being here once more. And God, we're asking that you would one more time, Lord, feed your sheep. You'd come on the scene according to your promise, Lord, and that you would just feed us of your own hand. May we receive from you, Lord, the word, the everliving fountain, the word of eternal life, Lord, that brings us strength. God, may we bring you glory in all we say and do. May we honor your name and glorify your name as we receive your word. Take this vessel of mine under your control, Lord. Now, as I yield myself to you, may we all, Lord, yield ourselves to you, that we might hear with the right hearing that you might give us revelation and understanding that we might take the word that you've given to us and may it turn into a manifested life. For Lord, we love you and that's our desire. That's our purpose on this earth and we want to fill that purpose, Lord. God, may you have your way with us this evening. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. It's good to see you all this evening. Amen. I just want to say how much I enjoyed the picnic on Monday. It was beautiful. The weather was beautiful. Somebody told me that that was the largest crowd we'd ever had on a Memorial Day picnic. And I said, "That's because we have too many fair weather friends." Cuz the weather was perfect. Amen. If it was raining, we you know, who knows? But we thank God for the weather. It was glorious. and I enjoyed the fellowship very much. Also very much want to express our appreciation for brother Benjamin and Sister Amanda and their family for allowing us to use that place. It's been quite a blessing for the last number of years. Also all the young men who helped set up and clean up. God bless you all so very much. And then all those the brothers who grilled and those who brought food and we just we appreciated the day. It was wonderful. So God was good. Amen. While we're standing, let's take our Bibles together and and let's turn to the book of John, the Gospel of John, um, chapter 14. And I just want to welcome a few visitors. We've got Sister Tony Cornelen here from Missouri. God bless you, Sister Tony. She's been here visiting before. So, it's good to have you here as well. And, uh, Brother Chris take his family's back there. God bless you, brother Chris. It's good to have you. He sent me a text, let me know he's in town. Said he needed haircuts. I was like, that's a long ways to drive for haircuts. But but hey, praise the Lord. We're happy to have you. God bless you all. It's good to have you here. And I saw Sister Linda Wood sisters here. God bless you. It's good to have you both with us again. Amen. You're all very welcome. Amen. Let's look here at John chapter 14 as we begin. I'm sorry, John chapter 15. John chapter 15 verse 4 and verse 5 says, "Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except you abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abide in me and I in him. The same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing." Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. What a true statement. Without me, you can do nothing. Amen. We're continuing with the same thought that we've been on for a while of God in partnership with man. This would be part four. Amen. And I hope you're not getting tired of the subject. I'm certainly not getting tired of it. It's so rare for me to preach four parts of anything. So, it's been unusual. So, it's been kind of exciting. It's been kind of fun. Um, so for a subtitle, I took unlimited possibilities. So, we're looking at this God in partnership with man. And that's very much what the vine and the branches symbolize. It's a partnership. Amen. It's the vine and it's the branches. And the branches can do nothing without the vine. So it must abide in the vine. And the life of the vine will come through the branches and bear fruit. But brother Benham says neither does the vine bear fruit. The branches bear fruit. So there is a partnership here. Amen. And and that's the partnership that God designed. That's the way God was going to manifest himself in this world is that he chose to partner himself with man. Amen. And so there we are, the vine and the branches. He said in John 20, some of this is a review. John 20:21, "Then said Jesus to them again, peace be unto you, as my father has sent me, even so send I you." And when he had said this, he had breathed on them and said unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. So, brother Rem tells us the same way that God sent Jesus, the way Jesus sends us, is he goes in us. Amen. And then in souls that are in prison now, he says, "Therefore, he has partnershipped, you see, and taken this man earthly and his eternal spirit and put them together." Praise be to God. Amen. This is our partnership. This man earthly and his eternal spirit and put them together. And and the the reason I love this quote is one, it's the foundation for the whole study that we're on, the whole subject, but two is God took this man earthly. So you can't make your earthly man of no value because God wanted it in the partnership. So many times we we, you know, we struggle with our own earthly man. We struggle with our own hybrid nature. Amen. And so there's so many struggles that we have till we begin to to hate ourselves and hate the way we're made and hate all these other things. But we have to be careful because there's a fine line to that because that's the vessel God chose to use in this age. So there's certain things about it we don't trust. Certain things about it we dislike. Amen. But we can't discard the whole thing because God decided to take the earthly man even in the fallen condition and unite it with his spirit together so he could be partnership together with us. He wants to work through man, even fallen man. That's why Christ came and shed his blood so that he would have a sanctifying power that could wash us so that he could finally get back in mankind because sin had separated them. So it was God above us. Then it was God with us in Jesus Christ. But he came that way. Amen. So that he could give his life. So that he could shed his blood. So that he could sanctify the center, the repentant center, so that he could get back inside man again. And brother Benham said that was God working his way back into man. So the whole redemption story, amen, is God wanting to come back into this union with man and manifest himself on the earth through man. Praise God. So don't ever think that your flesh is worthless. It's not in the hands of God. In your own hands, of your own strength, and your own mind, it's it's dilapidated, friends. it it's it's it's it's headed for destruction but in the hands of God it becomes a useful tool for him to declare his glory by bringing his spirit to live his life. Brother Rem says this in the token after the token desperations was preached in the evening. He said the token is the token. It's you and Christ as persons together. It's the Holy Spirit his life in you working his own life through you. And it's for the rich, the poor, or for whosoever will receive it. Can you receive it? Can you receive it as a fundamental truth of the gospel that God wants to live in you, dwell in you, work in you, and manifest himself in you? Amen. The way you are with all the things that go together, but he still wants to use it for his glory. Praise be to God. That gives us such purpose in life. You know, that's the thing that drives away uh uh aimlessness and depression and all these other things because when you live a purposeless life, Amen. then all of a sudden you try to chase some of the things in this world that bring satisfaction. But at the end of the day, there's nothing that can bring satisfaction. No pleasures, no joys, they all leave you bankrupt at the end. And they always leave you reaching for more. It's an endless well. Amen. You can never fill it with water. And so life becomes purposeless, aimless. That's that's what Solomon realized when Solomon tried he he set his heart to every vanity that was under the sun. And he tried wine and he tried women and he tried entertainment and he he went for everything. And at the end he says it's all vanity of vanities. And everything under the sun is vanity. Solomon with all of his wisdom he he tried it tried it all and it was vanity. But oh, praise God. In the midst of vanity, God has brought a great purpose into our lives. So now we wake up in the morning with purpose. We lay down with purpose. We live with purpose. Amen. That's what takes away despair. It's what takes away depression. That's what takes away all these things is because I'm not just here grubbing it out on my own. I'm here because God brought me here for a purpose. I'm here because God wants to use me for a purpose. I may not understand what's happening every day in my life and I may not even see the purpose, but I believe the gospel that there's a purpose for my life. Amen. Amen. And God wanted to partnership with me. Amen. Amen. He says in the rising of the sun, I just want to see him manifested. How can you do it? Call him down. No, he is in you. See, he's in you. Well then, Lord, if I can get myself out of the way, you can manifest. Amen. And we said this before. I'm going to repeat some of the things I've said because they fit so well in the context of what we want to say. But God, Brother Bam, was teaching us a lesson that if we can get ourselves out of the way. Amen. Then it's no more us, then it's God, but it's God using us. So, we have to get ourselves out of the way so that he can use us. So that everything he's doing is through us, but it's not us because we got us out of the way so he can use us. It's not me, it's him, but it's him and me. And he wants to use me, but it's not me. So I It can't be me, but it has to be him using me. See, he he can't do it without you. We come to the end of the day, we realize that he's got to have mankind to work through. He's got to have somebody. He has no eyes but your eyes, no mouth, but your mouth, no hands but your hands. He has chose to work through man. He set his program that way and we can't change his program. He already set the program that way that God will use man. Amen. And so now as we realize the truth of God partnership with man and God wants to use man, then when we get into trouble, we get into need, we get into times where God's got to come on the scene, it says uh we want to see manifested. We want God to manifest himself in the situations in our lives where we need healing or deliverance or answers or direction or whatever it is that we need. We need God to manifest. So what are we going to do? Call him down? No. He's in you. You see, so many times we we we are born with a carnal mind. How many of you were born with a perfectly spiritual mind? No, we're born with a carnal mind. We're raised up in a carnal world. Everything we learn has to do with carnality. Everything we have to and I don't mean wickedness. Carnality is not wicked. Carnality means natural. It's the natural world. We learn uh everything we know about the natural world which has limitations. It's got laws of nature. It's got laws of gravity. It's got different laws of thermodynamics and all kinds of laws of physics. And the world operates by that. And because of that, it's put barriers on our thinking. Amen. And so we we we come into situations where we think we we've been trained all of our lives to think carnally, but now we get into a situation where carnal thinking's not working anymore. And and now how is he going to manifest? How can you do it? Call him down. That's carnal thinking. Carnal thinking is thinking that I'm in a situation and I need God to come on the scene and so I'm going to call God down. God, would you come down and come and help me? And God, would you come and help me? But Brother Bam's trying to teach us that he's already in you. He's not far away. He's only as far away as you put him because he's not far away. If you've been born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and Christ dwells in you, amen, he's not coming and going and coming and going. He's there in you with you sharing your life with you. So it's not that we it's not that we have to call uh Christ into our troubles. We took him into our troubles. He's already there. If we could just learn to rest and recognize that he's already there and and not this is this is this is for me. It's not for you. This is for me. I want so badly, and I've said this before, but I mean it to stop going into panic mode every time something goes wrong. Amen. I I I want so badly to graduate past that. Amen. Going into absolute panic and hysterics on the inside and nervousness and anxiety and all and you know, you'll never stop the flesh but being flesh. But oh, how I want the inside, man, to take control of the outside man so much quicker than I have in the past. And I want to say, calm down. Everything's fine. God hasn't went anywhere. He hasn't changed his mind about us. He He already knew before the foundation of the world. Brother Benham said he knew every gnat, how many times it would bat its wings and how much tallow it would generate. Yeah. If he knows that about a gnat, what does he know about my life? What does he foresaw? What does he understand? Where's he at? Amen. It there's nothing out of control. From the carnal's perspective, it seems out of control, but it's never actually out of control. And brother Bam said, "Many times God lets us get in that situation to see what we'll do about it." Many of those things it seems like we shouldn't be here. God shouldn't have allowed it. If God's with us, then why are these things this way? If God's in me, then why am I going this way? And why did I make the mistake? And why did I fail? We ask ourselves all of these questions, but God allows all of these things to mold us, to shape us, to teach us, to train us, to grow us up to to to be in his very image. So we we we need these things. Amen. Jehovah Jar says, "Lord, if we will do our part, you're able to provide for your part. May it be so. Father, we talked before about brother. He told us he takes the earthly, amen, the man of the earth, and he takes the spirit, and he puts them together. He's partnership with man. So, what is our part to do? Well, we've got the natural part to do. We've got to take this body and we've got to carry it to the places he wants to go. We got to open our mouth and speak by inspiration. We've got to go as he leads us to go. We have a part to play and ours is the natural part. But God has a part to play. And he said, "If we'll do our part, you're able to provide for your part." So, we've been looking so much at our partnership with man. And we've been talking so much about our responsibility and the natural part and what we do. But I I just want to focus on on the partnership from another perspective. Who is our partner? Hallelujah. We've been talking about who God's partner is, but who's our partner? Well, our partner is God. So, there should be some benefits to this partnership. Amen. I was thinking uh I was thinking today if I was in business and my partner was Warren Buffett, he's my business partner, Warren Buffett, one of the richest men in the world, got billions and billions of dollars and and all of a sudden, you know, my part is to do paperwork and do whatever these other things and he's got his part. and all of a sudden we get a notice in the mail that we've got a debt, we've got a bill, we've got $10,000 we got to pay and there's no money in the bank and I don't have any money to pay for it. And I I don't have to go into panic mode because I have a partner and my partner is one of the richest men in the whole world. So $10,000 to me is an insurmountable amount. I can't pay it. I don't have what it takes to pay it. If it's up to me, we're going to fail. But praise God, I'm not in this thing by myself. I've got a partner. Amen. And you realize if God chose you for a partner, then you've got God for a partner. [Laughter] Oh, it makes me happy. Amen. The one who created everything. The one who sustains it by his word. Amen. The one who is life himself, the fountain of living water. Amen. He who created it all. Knows it all. Knows the end from the beginning. He's my partner. Thank God. Amen. Now, Matthew 13 says, "And it came to pass that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence. And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, in so much that they were astonished, and said, "Whence hath this man this wisdom and these mighty works? Is not this the carpenter's son? Is not this his mother called Mary? Is not his mother called Mary, and his brethren James and Joseph, and Simon, and Judas, and his sisters? Are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things? And they were offended in him? But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honor, save in his own country, in his own house. And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief. So what was prohibiting Christ from doing many mighty works? It wasn't his strength or his ability. He had the ability. Yes, he could do it cuz he proved it in other places. He could raise the dead. He could open blind eyes. He could heal all manner of sick. There were other places he would go. And it says he would heal all the sick and the afflicted that were in the city. So he has the ability, the power to heal them all. But here there's a limitation, amen, to the expression or the manifestation of that power. And the problem is not with him. The problem is in the people who don't believe. So it was a lack of faith that was the inhibiting of the manifestation of God. It wasn't the power of God. Now bring that into our partnership. There's no limit to God and no limit to what God can do. There's only one limit and the limit is to what our faith will allow him to do in our lives. Amen. So, what has God asked us to do in the partnership? When we've done all that we can do, when we've done all that we can do, we've done everything we know to do and everything his word says to do and we've done all that we know to do, then the only thing left to do is believe. Amen. Believe. Because there's a barrier of unbelief that he's not going to push past. So, let's go back to our analogy. Warren Buffett, your partner. But if you never write him a letter, if you never send him a text, if you never tell him, I need help, then you never get the benefit of the partnership. Or if Warren says, "Listen, I don't have time to deal with some of these things. You deal with them. If you get into trouble, you need money, you need anything, just let me know. I'll take care of it." But if you don't believe it, you never act on it. Or if he sends you a text, say, "Hey, you know, I'll send you the money." And you think, "No way. He's not. He don't care about me. He see what's inhibiting is not the power of the partner." What's inhibiting the manifestation is the faith. Our faith. Amen. I'm happy with the partner we have. I'm so thankful that God chose to partnership with us. The problem is not with him. Amen. I He's imperfection in every way. Amen. I'm just asking God, Lord, increase my faith. Lord, I believe. Help down my unbelief. Amen. Because that's the only barrier that we've got, friends. And I'm saying, God, open my eyes. Give me more eyes to have. Give me give me more whatever I need, more understanding, more revelation to believe. Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto them unto them, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believe." Why? Because Christ is here. We're in partnership. I want to go back for a minute and I just want to look at uh uh in the Exodus here in chapter 4, we've been talking about Moses in the Exodus journey, how God partnershipped with Moses to deliver his people. And God says, "I've come down to deliver. Now I send you. And so God was going to deliver, but he was going to do it in partnership with Moses. Now, in order to do so, Moses was, you know, we we went through all of this where Moses was having this dialogue with God and saying, "I can't do it." And God now tells them, "Hey, listen. What's that in your hand?" And he says, "A rod." I wish I would have brought a big stick up here. A rod. He said, "Cast it down and turn into a serpent." Listen, I mentioned before, but how long had Moses carried that rod? That rod hadn't done anything for Moses except what he intended for, what he used it for, and hurting the sheep and the goats. He He was tending the flocks of his father-in-law, Jethro. He picked up that stick somewhere along the way, and that became a shepherd's staff. And he was using that rod in his in his daily occupation. He was using it in the position in the place that he was in according to his occupation. He was using it. So he carried it daily. He used it all the time. And he didn't realize there was any significant power in it. He didn't realize it could do anything to manifest the power of God or vindicate his ministry. He had no idea what he was holding in his hand. Amen. To him it was just a dry dead stick. Amen. But when God, amen, wanted to work through Moses in partnership with Moses and had to vindicate Moses, the old dry stick became more than a dry stick. It became a mighty sign that God was vindicating this man to be his prophet. And he throw it down and turn to a serpent. That was not anything that Moses had the power to do. He needed his partner to do that part to vindicate who this his mouthpiece was going to be. But Moses had to be the one to carry the stick. God couldn't carry that stick down to Egypt to show the sign. That was Moses's part of the partnership. Amen. But when Moses dropped it according to the what the Lord told him to show the sign to Pharaoh, Amen. when he gave it to Aaron and Aaron threw it down. Amen. It was God who had to turn it into a servant cuz Moses couldn't do that part. That was partnership. But what it strikes me is what did God use? And then he said, "Here's another sign. Take your hand and put it in your bosom. Pull it out. It becomes leprosy. Amen. White with leprosy. Now put it in again and bring it out. And now it become fresh and clean again. And what was God using? God was using things that were common to Moses. Amen. Amen. Amen. The things that Moses already had. Yeah. Things that were already common and normal to Moses. His own hand, his own rod. Listen, brother said, don't look for great big things. Just go the way you are. Amen. God has already equipped you. God has already been training you. God has been using you all along the way. He's not going to completely restructure you and change you. He's going to use you the way you are. Praise be to God. Let's look at this one now. In Judges 3, Shamgar said, "After him was Shamgar, the son of Anath, which slew the Philistines, 600 men with an ox goat, and he also delivered Israel." Here we see the same kind of thing. We have Shamgar. Amen. Shamgar doesn't know that God is going to partner with him to bring a deliverance for Israel. He's in the same affliction everybody else is in. He's in the same trouble of mind. He's suffering the same way everybody else is. But all the sudden something by inspiration comes over him. And is what is that? That's the spirit of God anointing him for the position. And what does God use? God God uses his ox code. That's right. Amen. What is his ox code? An ox code is a token of his occupation. It's a tool that he used all the time in his farming career. He didn't give him new tools. Oh, I hope this starts to strike home. Yeah. We've got to stop thinking when I get this and when I get that and when I become and when I'm better or when I get gifts or when I get Listen, God has already been training you for the job. It's already all around you. He's fashioned you and made you and he's got you to a certain place and wants to use you. And the most common thing that you think is nothing. Amen. When God takes control becomes the very thing that'll bring deliverance. Amen. You say, "But my personality, God can use that personality for his glory. But I'm this." God can use that for his glory. But my little talent is this, and my little gift isn't much. But listen, don't think about it like that. to to to Sheamgar that ox code was nothing but a tool to move the ox along and to guide them in their daily work. To him it had no other significant purpose but a tool in his occupation. But to God it became a weapon of deliverance that'll kill 600 Philistines. Amen. We we we must realize the benefits of our partnership. Amen. God can take the most what seems to us insignificant thing in our life and he can use it for deliverance. Amen. Amen. We don't even have to understand it. All we have to do is yield to it. Amen. And God will do it. here in 1 Samuel's the story of David and it says and it came to pass when the Philistines arose and came and drew nigh to meet David not David hast that David hastened and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine and David put his hand in his bag and took the took then a stone and slang it and smokeote the Philistine in his forehead that the stone sunk into his forehead and he fell upon the face to the earth so David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone and smokeote the Philistine and slew him. But there was no sword in the hand of David. Therefore, David ran and stood upon the Philistine and took a sword and drew it out of the sheath thereof and slew him and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled. David, we we know the story well. We won't rehearse the whole thing, but David goes to Saul and he knows that God will deliver this Philistine, but he has nothing proper to fight him with. He has no proper weapons. And brother Ben takes the armor of Saul that they tried to put on him and he he makes that theological training and many of the places he tells the story and David said, "I can't go at any of this. I've got to go the way God's made me. the way God's trained me, the way God's used me, I got to go the way that I am and the way that I understand and the way that works for me. I'm ad libing. Okay, [Applause] but but God had already trained him because when he was on the back side of a desert, amen, before he gets to this level of trial, God lets another trial come up and God uses what's in his hand, amen, to deliver, Amen, the bear, and to deliver the lion. And what was God doing? God was training him and building confidence in him that you can be what you are and you can use what's in your hand and you don't have to go uh you don't have to become a super duper this. Amen. Just be what you are. Deliverance can come through your prayer. Deliverance can come through your hand. Deliverance can come in whatever fashion you are. Praise God. God can use you. And God used David. And David had a sling, a slingshot, but it was enough because David wasn't alone. David wasn't all by himself. God was with him. Now, when he comes to fight the giant that all the men in armor and all the men with spears and all the men, Amen, swords are afraid of, he goes with the thing that was in his hand. He goes not as a warrior, not as a soldier, but he goes as a shepherd boy under an anointing. He goes as he was. Oh, friends, I hope that this can build us strength to just trust in what God's done in our lives. Just trusting. Amen. We always want to be different. I don't know about you, but I I spent most of my life wanting to be different. Especially when I was a teenager, I'd stare in the mirror and I wish my ears were different. I wish my nose was different. I wish all these things were different. I wish my shoulders were broader. I wish my chest was deeper. But you know what? Wishing didn't get me anything. Amen. But all my life, God's been with me. I look back and I see he's brought me through time after time, trial after trial. And it wasn't when I became a super duper something that God brought deliverance. God did it all along the way. Whatever stage I was in, whatever condition I was in, God, he helped me. We came through. I had a partner through it all to do the things that I couldn't do. And he's brought me out of things that I couldn't see any way out of, any way over, any way under. There was conditions and situations in my life I didn't know how was going to change. But God came and did the part I couldn't do. Amen. Amen. But he didn't have to I didn't have to go get theological training. I didn't have to go get new weapons. I didn't have to go get All I had to do was stay as I was and trust God. And God would use me and work with me and in me and through me and others around me to bring me through the trial. That's partnership, friends. That when I come to the end of my ability, then I don't lose heart because I have a partner. Amen. I've got somebody who's going to cover my gaps. I've got somebody who can add to when I run out of. I got somebody who knows more when I run out of knowledge. I've got somebody with more power when mine's come to an end. So, I don't need to be nervous when I come to the end of power, to the end of knowledge, to the end of understanding. I don't need to get nervous because I have a partner who can cover for me. Amen. Amen. Hebrews 11:6 it says, "But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." See, sometimes our part is just to believe because God can't do anything unless somebody will believe his word. Sometimes we get into situations and I and it's by design. God allows it. You get to the place where you run out of all options and and while you have options, you take them. While you while you can do something, you do it. That's part of your responsibility. That's part of your natural part. That's part of doing what you can do. Yes. But when you've come to the end of everything and you have no other options and you can't think of anything else to do and everything you tried has failed and you come to what seems like a dead end. Amen. You realize with God there's no such thing as a dead end. Amen. There's no such thing. And what God needs out of his partner now is somebody that will believe because he can do it if we can believe. But if we don't believe, right? It may just be like it was in capernium. He could not dare do many mighty works because of their unbelief. Brother Bram says in the key to the door he says he is the door to heaven and there is no other door no other way but through Jesus Christ. He is the door to heaven and now Jesus is the door to all these things and faith is the key that unlocks the door. Now, if Jesus is the door to all these promises of God, faith in his finished work unlocks every door to every treasure there is inside of the kingdom of God. See, faith is the key that unlocks every promise he makes. So, what's going to unlock the promise of deliverance? Faith. What'll unlock the promise of healing? Faith. Amen. It'll take faith. He says uh in the everpresent water from the rock he says when we die our souls will go under the altar of God where I was privileged to see a few mornings ago as you know in the vision where the Bible speaks of our spirits will go to to God who give it and our body shall return to the dust of the earth but someday where the scripture is fulfilled our spirits will be released from God will pick up the soul and the soul to the body and the power that'll rise us up is right in us now this is where I want to start picking up this quote the power that'll raise us up is right in us now. That means resurrection power is in you now. Amen. The power for resurrection, rapturing power is in you now. Amen. Amen. Listen, he he says the power that'll raise us up is right in us now. We are now in heavenly places. We are now in the power of the resurrection. If there wasn't a wall to that, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out there and go live a private life on it. You have the power in you to do it. If you've got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. God is omnipotent. See what I mean? The power that's in you will make you could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Hallelujah. There you are. Do do you believe that power is in you? Do you believe that God is in you? A part of God is in you. An attribute of God is in you. Been quickened to life by the spirit of God dwelling in you. Now, if there's a part of God in you, Amen. God was the one who spoke the world into existence. Amen. That power is still in you. And it doesn't leave when you hit a trial. It doesn't leave when you hit a dark time. It doesn't leave when you get depressed. It doesn't leave when you run out of options. It doesn't disappear. It's always in you. The power that spoke the world into existence is dwelling in you in measure. Amen. Amen. He says that's what power is in the church now, but it is controlled by a law. And that law is not keeping a bunch of commandments. It's a law of faith. Jesus said, "All things are possible to them that believe. And if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours." So, Brother B is not teaching us that every whim and fancy you have that you can have. But everything the spirit of God will lead your soul to believe. Not even your brain. But when God when when an inspiration of the Holy Ghost strikes the seed in the soul, it's yours, friends. Yeah. That's it. Amen. Whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Every place the souls of your foot can set upon by faith, God gives it to you. Amen. It's yours. You possess it. If you can find the key to this law of faith that opens it to you. You see what I mean? The power is controlled. If you are a son of God, you are a daughter of God, that never leaves you. It's with you all the time, but your faith gets away from it, but it's still there. This is so important to know. I I if we could re if we could recognize through our carnality, Amen. through our carnal mind on the very worst day of our lives, God is still with us. The life of God, the power of God is still in us. Nothing has changed. So, we need to stop acting like something has changed and just hold steady and believe God. Amen. Man, I want to look at Hebrews 11 for a minute and just I I like I pulled these little statements out. By faith Abel. By faith Abel. By faith Enoch. By faith Noah. By faith Abraham. Through faith also Sarah. How did everybody accomplish what they accomplished for the kingdom? How did they all overcome the obstacles in their life? It was always by the same measure. It was by faith. Amen. But by faith in what? By faith in what God told them in the day and age that they lived. By faith in the answer God gave. By faith in the instructions God gave. By faith in a present tense God. By faith Abel, what did Abel do by faith? Offered up a more excellent sacrifice. So that means there was a part Abel had to do. Abel was delivered by faith, but faith actually had to go into action and he had to actually slay the the lamb. Yeah. So, he did his part, but he did his part by faith and he was delivered. Amen. Enoch by faith was translated. Amen. He actually believed it. Amen. By faith. Noah Noah was saved. Amen. And his household was saved with him. But Noah actually had to build the boat. This is partnership with God. Amen. By faith, Isaac, by faith, Jacob. By faith, Joseph. By faith, Moses. By faith, they passed through the Red Sea. How did they pass through the Red Sea? By faith. Amen. When there was no way, when they came to a dead end, Amen. They They were at the dead end road. Impassable. You're finished. But there is no dead end with God. There's no such thing as a dead end with God. There's no such thing as end of the rope. You say, "I come to the end of my rope." Well, you might come to the end of your rope, but you'll never come to the end of the rope because God can make more rope. Amen. You're never at the end of the rope. You're never at a dead end. You're never finished. You're never washed up. It's never over. The I mean, I we we know this. This is not a news flash for anybody. We've heard it. We've heard it preached. We could have it preached to us every morning when we get out of bed. We need to remind ourselves these things are the truth because some things come along that way lay us that trouble our mind that lock us down and we start to go back into spiritual amnesia and start thinking how am I going to I can't overcome this is impossible I'm going to be destroyed I'm going to be defeated I'm not going to make it all those statements are spiritual amnesia statements because God through this message has awakened us to the reality of who we are. Amen. and where we come from and why we're here and where we're going and God's purpose will never be defeated in our lives and we're on partnership with God and God is dwelling in you. How are you at a dead end road? How are you finished? How are you at the end? Why is it that you're end at the end of the rope? It's impossible. Because God's dwelling in you and God's never come to the end of his rope. What is the token? It's you and Christ as persons together. So if you come to the end of the rope, Christ came to the end of the rope, but Christ is in you and he can't come to the end of his rope. Amen. Amen. And the anointed ones at the end time, brother Bham said, I wasn't the one that appeared down on the river. I was only standing there when he appeared. I'm not the one that performs these things and fortells these things that happens as perfect they are. I'm only one that's near when he does it. I was only a voice that he used to say. It wasn't what I knew. It's it's what I just surrendered myself to that he spoke through. Brother Brandham now is talking about partnership with God. Because brother Brandham said, "It wasn't me that was God." Amen. But then how did God do it? He says it wasn't me that appeared on the river. So I was only standing there when he appeared. who appeared that was Christ in the form of a pillar of fire. He come down but that angel of the Lord spoke something and said as John the Baptist fore in his first coming your message. Your message. Amen. That means brother Brennham was given a message. And then he was also he was also tasked with the responsibility of delivering that message. That was his part. Amen. God gave him the revelation. God gave him the word. But he's the one who had to get on a plane. He's the one who had to drive in a car. He's the one who had to stand in the pullpit night after night after night. He's the one who had to face rejection and go again. He's the one who had to get tired and keep going. He's the one who had to kiss his wife and kiss his babies and get in the car and drive and be gone from home for weeks at a time. That was his part. Amen. Amen. Was partnership with God. And brother Bam saying, "I wasn't the one. Of course not. He's not the one who appeared. He's not the pillar of fire. He's not the power. He's not the revelation. He's not the one. But the one who did all of that is in him. Amen. Amen. Amen. The one who did all of that's using him. Yeah. I was only a voice that he used. Amen. It wasn't what I thought. It's what he said. It's not what I did. It's what he did. You think about the the manifestation of the spoken word through that prophet. And I wrote down just a few of them here. If you think about the time that the inspiration of the Holy Ghost dropped in a little boat when he was there with two of the Banks uh the uh the the Woods brothers, Banks and Lyall, there was a little fish that was laying there dead and all of a sudden an anointing came, a power dropped over him and he stood to his feet and he said, "Little fishy, I give you back your life in the name of Jesus Christ." He said the thing was floating on the side and it floated off to the bank into some weeds or some reads. Been laying there dead for a while. He said that thing just slipped right up and swam away. Listen, a man can't do that. That has to be God in a man. But God didn't do it until the man had faith to speak what he was anointed to speak. That was partnership with man. Brother Brandham couldn't give life to that fish. But God was going to give life to the fish. But he needed a partner. He needed a voice. He needed vocal cords on the earth. He needed somebody to work through. Then God taught him the lesson with the squirrels, the creation of squirrels. And he's in the woods and God now starting to deal with him according to this scripture. If thou say unto this mountain, be plucked up and cast to the sea and doubt not in your heart. It shall be done as you say. And he's and he's mulling this over and he's got questions about it. And he never felt really the liberty to really preach on it. And all of a sudden, God comes and tells him, "Just speak and it'll be as you say." And he says, "What should I say?" And God is training him. He's coaching. He was teaching like brother Benjamin went through a little while back showing how God was training him because brother this wasn't brother Ram's idea. He didn't even know how to operate in this realm. God was coaching him all along the way training him. Amen. And so now he comes and he and and and he's saying but you're hunting. You have no squirrels. But first he says what do you have need of? He says you're hunting. You have no squirrels. And so he spoke squirrels into existence. Wow. And brother Brennham never said, "I spoke squirrels into existence." He says, "If he created the first squirrel, he can create all squir who he gave credit to God." Amen. He knew he couldn't create. But God was using the vocal cords of a man. You realize at any time, Brother Brandham could refuse to speak. Because God's a gentleman. He never forces. He could refuse to speak. He had to operate by faith of what was being told to him. He had to believe that was the voice of God. He had to believe that was God. And he had to speak what God was telling him. Amen. In order for it to produce. So he had to believe and he had to act on what he believed. And when he did, squirrels were created two different times. Then he was in in Colorado when a storm came up, a blizzard came up that was certain death. He said it was certain death. He was trying to run back to the camp and the voice of God said, "Go back into the storm." And we know the story. But he he told him to say whatever you say is what it will be. And he ordered nature. And he ordered nature in a situation that was life and death. Amen. Right? Life and death because of the blizzard. And he ordered nature. And nature changed according to what he said. Then he was praying for his wife's healing. She had the tumor. And he and brother Brandon was praying God, you know, help us to know what to do. He wanted the delay. She needed to have it operated on. and he wanted to delay the operation till after Christmas so they could go back to Jeffersonville. He didn't know if that was the right choice or not and he's at his ottoman and he's praying over which direction to go and she's got a doctor's appointment and she's in so much pain and all of a sudden God said stand on your feet. He stood on his feet. He says whatever you say he said before the doctor can touch her yes going to be gone and that's exactly the way it happened. This is God on partnership with man. And then we know the story of Hadtie Wright when he's telling the story of the squirrels and Hadtie says that's nothing but the truth and God was so pleased at what she said that he told brother Bam give her whatever she says and she wanted the salvation of her two boys. He said I give them to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So I just want to go through these again because I believe what what God did with the life of the prophet is I believe he showed us the potential of this partnership. Amen. I believe he was showing us what a partnership with God and man was like in the end time. And in this partnership, there's power for resurrection to bring back life from the dead. There's power of creation to meet physical needs. There's power over nature for safety and security. There's power over the body for healing and there's a power for salvation. Amen. Now, if you think of all those manifestations of the spoken word that God was doing through a vessel, what else would you ever need in life? Right. I believe through these manifestations he manifest everything we could ever encounter, every obstacle we had ever come to and everything we would ever need. God already proved to that prophet that there is no dead end there. There's a partner on the scene that can bring you through everything you will ever have need of. You have need of healing, he showed it. Ne resurrection from the dead, he showed it. Amen. speaking to nature. Amen. For protection and safety. Yes. What if you have a need? You need squirrels. You have no squirrels. What if you need food? You can speak that, too. Amen. He showed us that this partnership between God and man, there is no limit. There is no boundary. There is no obstacle that can't be overcome. Even the obstacle of salvation, Amen. through that man could speak salvation to those boys. What else would you need in this world? What else could what what other circumstances you come into that he has not already proved that partnership with me is enough. What else do you need? You need life, you can have life. You need substance, you can have substance. You need them. You need nature to change. You can rearrange nature. You need healing, you can speak healing. Amen. God has brought us into this end time manifestation. Jesus Christ in bride form and he he took brother Brandham and he she took that part of the word that came to maturity and he waved it. Amen. To show us what maturity looks like, what partnership with God, what Christ living in flesh is supposed to look like. And he showed us you don't have a barrier. You don't have an obstacle. You have nothing that will defeat this partnership. We have nothing to be afraid of. That doesn't mean God will do it for you like he did the prophet. It doesn't mean it'll be a replica. But what God showed us is the possibilities, the potential to take away all fear. There's nothing in us that say God won't or God can't. Amen. I don't know what he will or what he won't do in every one of my circumstances. I cannot predict how he'll get me out, what he'll do. But I know this that God already has done so many supernatural things for me that I could not have done for myself that I I it's wrong for me to doubt him in my next trial. It's hard wrong for me to come into another obstacle and not trust the partner who bailed me out last time won't bail me out next time. Amen. You I was reading in the Bible the other day. Amen. And I was reading in the book of Acts and it said the spirit spoke unto I don't remember who it was. I don't even remember what character I was reading about. The spirit spoke unto them. And I started thinking, I've had that same experience in my life where the spirit of God spoke in my heart and what he said was exactly right. Amen. There is no barrier, friends. Amen. There's no limit because of who we're in partnership with. Amen. We are the only limiting factor to this partnership. It's just us. The only limiting partner factor of this partnership is our own thinking. You remember brother Bam tells us the story of the eagle in the chicken yard, right? We know it. Uh uh last Sunday, brother Simon, he did such a good job. He can scream like an eagle. I mean, that whistle was perfect. I thought, man, that's amazing. At first, it was a little unnerving, but I got used to it. Sounded good to me after a while. But that eagle in the chicken yard, if you could think about the limitations of that eagle, he was bound to the ground, limited by the pen that he was in. Whatever the dimensions, it was 12t by 20 foot. That was his barrier. That was his limitation. He was earthbound and limited to that. And he couldn't go beyond it. He could never explore the rest of the yard, the rest of the farm. He could never go anywhere else. He was bound. He was he was bound to the ground. And he was bound in these parameters. But the reality is he was never bound. He was never bound because when the eagle screamed, amen, and he recognized whatever that is, I am. Then that eagle began to speak back to him. You're not a chicken, you're an eagle. Your identity is not down there. You belong up here. And he said, "Mama, how do I get up there?" He said, "Just jump and flap your wings. You're already an eagle. You're not bound to the earth and you're not limited in these parameters." It was only chicken thinking that had him bound and limited. Amen. But God has not brought us to chicken thinking. He's got us to eagle thinking under an eagle scream. So we're not limited and bound by the things that we've understood by our carnal mind. Amen. By our growing up and going to school and learning physics and understanding gravity and knowing how the world works. Hey, listen. Your science teacher would never tell you that you can walk on water. Yeah. But the Bible says that I can if God bids me. Your science teacher will never tell you that you can take a few fishes and some loaves and you can feed 5,000 people. Your science teacher won't tell you that you can multiply by prayer. Yeah, but God has already showed us that he can. Your science teacher will not tell you that you can create a living organism with all fully intact out of absolutely no material whatsoever but just speaking when God tells you to speak. But God's already proved to us that he can. Amen. So we were we the only thing that binds us is the gray matter between our temples. We are not bound. Amen. We are spiritual beings, children of God. Amen. that God called to manifest him in this age. There is nothing that binds you but your own thinking. Amen. Amen. And we can't make God tell us to speak. We can't make God Amen. But we can certainly believe any moment he's about to tell me something. Any moment there's going to be a deliverance. Any second, God, I'm waiting on you. I'm believing you. Amen. I know any moment you're going to bring a deliverance, God. and I'm expecting and I'm looking for and I'm waiting for and I'm excited to see what you're going to do. That's the attitude we need to have. Not despair and defeat when we're not defeated. Not despair and discouragement when there's nothing to be discouraged about. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to start recognizing the benefits of my partnership. Oh, it's got tremendous benefits, friends. Tremendous. Brother Bam says, "As much as your faith will be released, that's how much power you can have." So what's the limit to your power? It's only as much as your faith can be released. Remember, brother told us about the teaspoon of ocean. That God's the whole ocean, but you can take that teaspoon and you've only got a portion of the life of God. Not all of God, but a portion. But in that portion is everything that's in the ocean. So all the power and capabilities that's in the ocean is in you. So what's the limiting factor? Only faith. And there's some things that God won't unlock the faith for until it's time. Yeah. Amen. But maybe that's the very reason you get into impossible situations because it's time to unlock the faith. Amen. That should make us excited. Yeah, that should make a dead end super exciting. You know, to me, the dead end is so much better than the why. It's like, God, don't bring me to the Y in the road because then I got to wrestle it out. And which way do I go this way or that way? And is this me or is this God? And God, I need a sign. I need And God brings us through many W's. And sometimes we go down one way and we take a U-turn, you know, way down the road and come back and realize we made the wrong turn on the Y. So, the wise to me are a little bit complicated. I don't know about you. You may have figured them all out. But the dead end should be exciting. I have no option. I have nowhere to turn. I have nothing that I can do. There's not a thing in this world I can do to change this circumstance. So, praise God. God's getting ready to do something because my partner hasn't quit. He's still my partner. As much as your faith will be released, that's how much power you can have. Because in you dwells the power to make heavens and earth, God dwells in you. And you are sons and daughters of God. Amen. There you are. But it's your faith. Jesus said, "According to your faith, be it unto you. If thou cast, all things are possible. Verily I say unto you, if you say unto this mountain, be moved and doubt not, but believe that what you have said, then what kind of people ought we to be, having faith in this great redeeming Christ that lives in us, this smitten rock that never leaves the church. What's in you? Amen. What's in you? He says, what's in us is this Christ lives us, the smitten rock. What is the smitten rock? The smitten rock was the rock in the wilderness. When they came to a dead end, a dry road, they had no water for themselves. They were all going to perish in the wilderness, them and their flocks and their children and everybody. Amen. But when there was no option, when there was no water source, when there was no rain, when there was nothing that they can do, there was no dead end for God. God knew where to get water where there was no water. And the smitten rock produced the water. Yeah. Amen. Now, what's Christ? Christ is that smitten rock cuz that rock spoke of Christ. And he was smitten at Calvary. And out from him came the water of life. And where is that smitten rock? He's in you and he's still gushing out water of life. There's no dead end. Amen. This smitten rock never leaves the church. I'm with you always, even to the end of the world. The everpresence of the great gusher of salvation and power that poured forth from Calvary into the church. the everpresence of the living God, great flowing smitten rock that goes with us in our journey. So where's my sustenance coming from? Where's my deliverance coming from? Where's my water coming from? From the smitten rock in me. Amen. He's the provider of all my needs. Amen. In Romans 12:3, it says, "For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith." So where does faith come from? It comes from him. Amen. He's dealt to us our measure of faith. Amen. And when God deals to us faith, we need to resist thinking and take the road of faith. Amen. says in the marriage of the lamb, so many says, "If the Lord will take this evil spirit from me from drinking or from gambling or from lying or stealing, I'll serve him." But that's up to you. See, you got to do something, too. See, we talk about having a great partner and we're focusing on the partnership with God, but this isn't lazy boy Christianity. This is still partnership with God. This is not God will do it. God will fix it. God will do it. When God does No, there's things for us to do, friends. We've got to do our part. When when we've come to the end of our part, that's when we can rest and trust God. But we don't when we haven't tried, when we haven't attempted, when we haven't given, then just say, "God, you do." Wait, it's not going to work. So, but that's up to you. See, you got to do something, too. They that overcome shall inherit all things. They that overcome. You have power to do it, but you must be willing to lay it down. See, uh, she has made herself ready. I like that word. You see, God could not push us through a pipe. Pull us out on the other end. And then saying, "Blessed is he that overcomemeth." You had nothing to overcome. He just pushed you through. But you've got to make decisions for yourself. I have to make decisions for myself. In doing that, we show our faith and respects to God. And the reason I put this here is because there's times that we get into situations, but we know we know that we've been spiritually lethargic. We've been lazy. And then we get into a difficult situation. We want God to fix everything. Listen, that doesn't work. God will let us He'll He'll let us do our part. God will require that we do our part and he'll do his. But when you come to that place and you say, "God, I've done all that I know to do. God, I've done, you know, my heart. You know, I could have done better, but I've done the best I know how to do. I've done what you told me to do in the best way I know to do it according to my understanding, God. I've done all that I know to do, and now I'm at the very end of everything that I know what to do, know how to do, or have any capacity to do. So God, I'm trusting you to do now. Amen. When we come to that place, we can come to rest because we know we've done all that we know to do. Amen. If there's still something you can do about it, do it. Amen. But if there's nothing you can do about it, then don't do anything. Trust God. Philippians 4:13 says, "I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me." Amen. Amen. Matthew 19:26. But Jesus beheld them and said unto them, "With men, with men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible." Amen. I don't care what the devil has told you is impossible. With God all things are possible. The question is, are you with God and is God with you? Then all things are possible. Amen. And the Queen of Sheba, the prophet says, "Now instead of advancing on and see what God promised, we look back and see what some brother behind us says. Let's don't look back. Look forward. Keep moving on. We have untapped resources." I love this word. That's why I highlight it. Untapped resources. Doesn't matter what you've seen. Whatever you've seen and whatever you heard is not the limit to God yet. Amen. So you think, I've seen so many miracles and I I read the supernatural book. That doesn't mean that's all that God can do. He can do more than even what he did in the supernatural book. Amen. We have untapped resources. Jesus said in St. Mark 11:23, "Whatsoever why if you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you said." Uh no conditions. is it's just unlimited. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive them. You shall have them. Whatever divine healing, joy, peace, anything. It's amazing when you look at the Exodus journey. Amen. When they go on the Exodus journey, God had already, Amen, in partnership with Moses had shown great power and manifestation. Amen. Through the through the plagues that struck, through the great destruction of Egypt. Amen. He had he showed through the sign in the hand, the sign in the rod, the calling of the of all the plagues God had already showed in partnership with Moses what power that he had. And then he calls them out with a mighty hand and he leads them down and they come to the Red Sea and they come to a dead end. But remember, with God there's no dead end. God's ways are in the water. That's what he says in Psalms. He has ways he has ways in the water. Amen. Nobody on the bank knew that God had a path under the water. But God knew he had a path in the water. And he didn't bring him down there to destroy him. He brought him down there to deliver them. And he opened up the Red Sea. And by faith they passed through the Red Sea. Hey, listen. God was so good. They walked on dry ground. All of them. Two million. the children, the women, the animals, the carts, the everything made it through. When they got through the other end, the enemy came in and God brought the walls of water crashing down and drowned all the host of the enemy. God had no limit to his power. Nature's not a limit. Physics is not a limit. Gravity is not a limit. Do you know how much water weighs? 8 pounds per gallon. How many gallons do you think he stood up? Amen. If you tried to do it with hydraulic rams and steel plates, listen, you couldn't build it strong enough to lift it. Amen. But God has no struggle for God whatsoever because he created the world by a spoken word. Listen, they go further in the journey. Amen. And all of a sudden, they come to water that's bitter and they run out of water in their flask. They have no water in this journey. But God brought them out with a mighty hand. God is leading them away. God is in partnership with Moses and God is in partnership with his people. I'm bringing you out and I'm bringing you into the land so that you can possess the land, the inheritance of your fathers. This is a walk of partnership. Amen. Amen. God's fulfilling his word, but he needs people to fulfill it because he told Abraham, "Thy seed shall possess the land." So in order to get his seed to possess the land, he needs the partnership with Abraham's seed to fulfill the word. So then they come to the bitter waters and they they say they start to cry out against Moses and we can't drink and we're all going to die and we never should have left Egypt. And God tells Moses to go cut a branch off a tree and throw it in the water and turn the water sweet. Who would have known that throwing a branch in the water would turn it sweet? Only God. They went a few more days and they ran out of the bread that they had brought. And listen, these are just normal people. They're just human beings. They have to eat to survive. That's the way God built our bodies. They run out of food and they don't have a reaction any different than what our reaction would be in the same situation. What are we going to do? We have no bread. We're in the wilderness. There's absolutely no options. Yeah. There's no hopping in the car and going to the convenience store. You can't even go buy overpriced chips at Dollar General. There's no option. And God rains down mana from heaven in the morning. They couldn't have predicted it. They couldn't have foresaw it. They had no idea how God was going to solve it. But God knew before the foundation of the world. And God knows how to bring mana in. Amen. Listen, tell me what kind of physics that was. I have no idea scientifically. How did he do it? I have no clue. But the thing is, he had to because he already said, "I'm going to fulfill my promise. I'm taking you from here and I'm bringing you into the promised land for you to possess it." God, because he partnered himself with these people, had no option but to feed them when they ran out of food. Hallelujah. My goodness, you realize that God has partnershipped himself with us. And God is going to fulfill this end time vision of a bride through you and I. And he needs us to fulfill his word because he promised it'll be in church form. It'll be in bride form. And he needs people to make up that bride. And because he's partnership with us to fulfill his word, there's nothing he won't bring us through to keep his word. Amen. Amen. Then when he comes to the promised land, now he says, "Now I've brought you through the promised land. Now you go possess it. I'll drive them out. I'll go with him. Now you possess it." And the question is, "Are you going to are you going to defeat the enemy or are we going to defeat the enemy?" And the answer to the question is yes. Because it's going to be on partnership again. Amen. Said everywhere the the the treads of your shoes shall stand. Wherever footsteps are possessed, wherever you go, I'll give that to you. Hallelujah. That's God partnershipped in the first exodus. But here we are in the third exodus and God's in partnership with you and I. Amen. He's not going to let you be destroyed. He's not going to let you be defeated. He's not going to let you come to the end without a deliverance. Amen. God has a plan for our lives. And God is going to manifest himself through us. And there's nothing that he's allowed that's going to destroy us or defeat us or handicap. that everything is going to be a manifestation of his promise in our lives. There are no dead ends with God. Amen. Hear ye him. He said, "All things are possible to them that believe." We've got the untapped resources of God on our hands to display God. We are sons and daughters of God. When God made man, he made him a God. He gave him a dominion over the earth. But his fallen estate dropped that. But what they lost by Adam, it was restored by Christ. Listen, there's nothing there's nothing going to defeat his purpose and his bride. When we come to the end of all that we can do, that's when it's time to hold still and believe. That's when it's time to expect God to come on the scene. Expect something to happen. Amen. That's when you praying for God to speak. That's when you watch everything waiting for his deliverance to come. Not with despair. What? With hopelessness, but all of a sudden with great hope and joy because God's just about, you can say it this way. God's fixing to do something. We've come to the end. I don't see another way around or over or under or I can't get out of this situation on my own. God is fixing to do something, friends, because I don't think he's finished with me in this life. In the revelation of Jesus Christ from the church age book, the prophet says, "Now remember this, Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. But the book of Revelation shows how that the Antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, which is the attempted destruction of God's people and the discrediting of God's word." So what is the works of the devil? to attempt the destruction of God's people and to discredit God's word right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. He fights that. He cannot stand it. He knows that if the people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. What does it take to make you an invincible army? A revelation of who you are. Hallelujah. Of what you are in Christ. Not invincible because all of a sudden you have all these super duper powers as a human being. Invincible because none of the ws of the devil can trip you up anymore. Because how has the devil defeated in every age? He's always defeated through deception. Amen. Amen. It's always been by deception. And now when the deception of the enemy is taken away, amen, this bride becomes an invincible army because she has a revelation of the true revelation of the true church and what she is. She knows she's a part of God. She knows that she's the manifestation of Christ. She knows what she is, the true revelation of the true church and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works. She'll be an invincible army. If they get the true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the Antichrist spirit, Satan will be powerless before her. He will be as definitely thwarted today as when Christ withtood his every effort to gain power over him in the desert. Yes, Satan hates revelation, but we love it. With true revelation in our lives, the gates of hell cannot prevail against us, but we will prevail over them. What an amazing promise for you and I. What will make Satan powerless before her? Because the power of Satan is in deception. And when you when Satan can bring so many trials, so many difficulties, so many circumstances and begin to play in your mind that you're not bride, you can't be one of them, you're forsaken, it's not going to work out for you. That's his deception, friends. And when we start to believe that way and when we start to confess those things, we lose. Amen. Because God can only operate by faith. By faith in the word. And the deception of the enemy when he starts to take the circumstances around you and start to label you by the circumstances you're in starts to characterize you by the difficulties you're facing and starts to make you doubt your position and God's love for you and the power to deliver you and makes your case hopeless and makes you at a dead-end road and makes you amen it and makes you and and hopeless and without hope in all the world. Then all of a sudden you lose faith. you're not speaking faith. You start to speak the very things he's putting into your mind and then you're defeated. But you know what makes him powerless? When you can do what Jesus did in the wilderness, get thee behind me, Satan. I won't accept that. I don't believe that. Amen. I know by a revelation from God who I am. And it doesn't matter what's happening into me. What's happening into me doesn't change who I am. Jesus was led of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. He had fasted 40 days. He was after the fast, he was hungry. Amen. And he was tempting him with his physical need. He was tempting him with all of these other things. But he never left the word and he never took the devil's bait. He didn't have to prove who he was. He didn't have to prove he had power and he didn't have to deliver himself. All he could do was just give him back the word and said, "Get behind me, Satan. I'm not going to accept that. Maybe God doesn't love you. Please show me that in the scripture." That's not the message I've received. Amen. That's not the revelation he's given me. Well, maybe you're just so bad or you've been so bad. Come on. You The precious blood of Jesus Christ can't abolish every sin. You've been so bad for so long. That's a lie. All lies of the enemy. But the truth will set us free. The truth will make us free. God chose you. Listen, you didn't choose yourself because you didn't give yourself a seed of predestination. You didn't give yourself the ability to believe the message that came from God. Neither did you give the quickening power to quicken that seed to life to bring you into the into a relationship with Christ. God did that. Amen. It doesn't matter where you find yourself in the circumstances and the situations and the difficulties and the trials. Don't let any external circumstance label you and identify you. Go back to the revelation of the word, who God told you you were in your soul. Amen. And make that your identity. When that comes to your identity, you realize you're in the third exodus. And in the third exodus, you come against a barrier. Just hold steady. Just hold steady. The barrier will go away. Either God will use you to speak it or somebody else or something will happen or you don't know. I don't know how. I'm not trying to predict. All I know is this barrier will go away. Amen. Because I'm in the third Exodus and what he did in the first, he's doing in the third. And God bless you all. Let's stand together. Amen. I don't know about you, but I'm so thrilled tonight to have a partner. Amen. I got a partner who can cover for all my lack. Yes, sir. My lack of funds, my lack of intelligence, my lack of revelation, my lack of character, my my lack of determination, my lack of willpower. I got a lot of lack in my life. Anybody else? Amen. Amen. But we got a God who doesn't lack in anything. He's got power. He's got might. He's got delivering, but he's got a spirit. And he hasn't run out of spirit. Amen. He can send an anointing. And his anointing doesn't get weaker. He's got more anointing. If he's anointed in the past, he can anoint you again. Amen. Amen. If he spoke, if he ever spoke to anybody, he can speak to you. Amen. If the spirit has ever spoke in anybody's heart, he can speak in yours. Amen. Amen. Don't Don't come to a dead end. When you come to a dead end, just say, "This is just a temporary pause in my journey forward." Amen. I can't wait to see what God does. Amen. I'm so happy to have God as a partner. Amen. To have Christ as a bridegroom, to not be left on my own to accomplish these things by myself. And because I have such a wonderful partner who takes care of me, I want to do all I can in this partnership for him. Paul, the Apostle Paul, found a partner. He found a partner that would deliver him. found a partner that would forgive him. He found a partner that would speak through him, show him vision, give him revelation. But because he had such a wonderful partner in God, Paul wanted to give his life as a love slave for Christ. And he wanted to do all he can in his partnership with God. That's where I want to be, friends. I want to do all that I can. If he asked me to get up in the morning and walk into a situation is difficult, I want to go there with joy. If that's the least I can do for him, I want to go. If I can go back into a difficult circumstance, if I can walk into a terrible workplace, and if that's where God's asked me to be, I want to do it. If I can walk a little longer with with some discouraging things, with some difficulties in life, but God wants to use that to manifest his glory, then I want to be a love slave to Christ. If I can get up and if I can walk, I want to get up and I want to walk. Amen. Amen. On my worst day when I'm discouraged and everything's I'm everything's falling apart and I feel like I'm not even a believer and that God can never hear my prayer and everything's as bad as it can possibly get. If I can just drag myself into the car, drive myself to the church and stand up and sing a song with my brothers and sisters, I'm going to do it cuz I'm in partnership with God. And I want to be a good partner to God cuz he's a good partner to me. don't want to be a lazy Christian. I don't want to give it all to him. What little bit he's asked me to do, I want to do it with my whole heart. What little bit that's mine to do, I want to do it with everything that's in me. And that part that I can't, well, praise God, I've got a partner. Amen. Let's sing. Can we uh sing um winds of faith? There are two roads you may take, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. For what you see, what you believe is what will be. Set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that your wings to the winds of faith. What you need? [Music] Watch your cry. What surrounds me? much to learn. Speak the word of God and by and by you. Set your wings to the winds of pain. You can find a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that your to watch the bride. Watch the cry in this end time. She does not struggle. She does not shine. For the power that will make her rise is already down inside. Set your wings to the winds of f. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that you to Amen. No matter what you're dealing with, you might have obstacles that you can't bypass, but I want you to start to envision them as chicken wire. Amen. Yes. Because the only limit is the limit in our mind. Just because we can't see a way around it or a way over it or a way through it doesn't mean there isn't one. That eagle all his life would bump against the chicken wire fence and that was as far as he could go. all of his life, however long it was, his entire life, he would walk and he would hit the north side, the east side, the west side, and no matter what he tried, there's no getting through it. But one day, in a moment of time, a heavenly scream changed everything. Amen. It doesn't matter how long you've bumped against the chicken wire. You can have a damaged relationship with a family member and you hit the chicken wire. Listen, all it takes is a scream from heaven. One moment can change everything. Amen. You can have difficulty in your marriage and you think it's been this way 25 years, 30 years. It'll always be that. It won't always be that way. There's no such thing as a dead-end road. Amen. A difficulty with a relationship with your child, with a spouse, with somebody else. Don't ever don't ever don't ever give up hope. Amen. Don't ever stop believing because listen, if you're in a marriage that's hit a dead end and going nowhere, if you don't believe, who will? Amen. If you've got a relationship with a child that's broken and they and it needs to be restored and they need to come to the Lord, if you quit believing, who's going to believe? God needs somebody to believe his word. God needs somebody to have faith that it's not impossible, that it's not over, that the story's not finished yet, there's no period at the end of this. All this is is chicken wire. Amen. It only has me bound because there's things I don't yet understand. It's only a barrier because I haven't yet heard the scream that gets me over it. But it's not a limit to God. It's only a temporary limit to me. It won't last. It won't stand. Remember, whatever situation you find yourself in, if you stop believing, how will deliverance come? If you give up, you're the one in the situation. You're the one who has to believe. Don't let a little chicken wire cause you to lose heart. It's just a hop, skip, and a jump at the right time. And that chicken wire is no barrier at all. We got to stop making things big. They're not big. We got to stop making problems insurmountable. We have to stop making things, you know, colossal. You're only thinking that way because we're thinking from an earthly perspective. But from a heavenly perspective, it's not colossal. It's tiny. The problem that's big to you is tiny to your partner. And the part that you need supernatural deliverance for for God, it's not supernatural. It's just normal. Amen. Cuz God's not supernatural. What we call supernatural is God's everyday life. Amen. To supernatural to him is normal. Yeah. So if you need supernatural, well, praise God. To our partner, that's normal. Yeah. Amen. So don't give up. Don't stop believing. Don't quit because God will remove every barrier. Whether it's a red sea, a piece of chicken wire, or whatever it is, God has the solution. Keep believing, keep moving, keep pressing, keep doing all that you can do and then believe your partner to do the part you can't do. Amen. Let's bow our heads together and pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you God. I thank you so much, Lord, that I know I don't have to walk this journey all by myself. Lord, you've never asked me to be a Christian and follow your word and manifest your life on my own. But God, you've promised to be with me and even in me, to empower me by your spirit, to anoint me with your anointing, to give me revelation and vision and understanding. And God, I'm so thankful I can put my trust in you. God, I pray you'd help us all to do our part faithfully. Lord, we want to be faithful to you. But God, we've all got places that we need help. Lord, we've all got areas that we don't have enough. But God, we're trusting in you. We're trusting in you to fill in the gaps, to give the power, to give the strength, to give the deliverance. And Lord, would you quicken to us a greater faith, Lord, greater vision, greater revelation than we've ever had. God, may there be many people, Lord, here tonight that have been in a dead end. May they realize there's no dead end. God, if there's someone here who believe they were at the end of the rope, God, I pray you'd show them there's plenty of rope. God, if there's any of us who've been hitting the chicken wire all of our life, God, would you change our perspective and help us to realize this is no real barrier. It's only temporary. It's only carnal and it can't hold us. Oh God, I pray you'd bring the realization of the truth to our lives. Not the false, not the carnal, but the reality. May it become everything to us. Bless your people, Lord. give them deliverance. Speak to them, Lord, through your word. And I pray you'd make the words that were spoke tonight become a a living manifestation in the lives of your children. You've done it so many times in our past, Lord. May it come to us now again and again, Lord. And may you show yourself mighty and powerful and able to conquer in our lives. For we're putting our faith and trust in you. Bless your people as we part. We pray. God, be with each one. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. There are two roads you may take, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. What you see, what you believe is what will [Music] be. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that you [Music] reach to the winds of faith. What's your need? What's your [Music] cry? What's your [Music] mountain with much to hide? Speak the word of God. By and by it, for you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of pain. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that your wings to the winds of me. Watch the eagle. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not struggle. All the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that you waste to the winds of faith and watch the bride in this end time. She does not struggle. She does not strive for the power that will make her rise is already down in time. So set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Set your wings. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace set your way to the winds of faith. F. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my God. Hold me closely to his side. with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. He will make a way once more. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways he cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my God. Hold me closely to his son with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. He will make a way once more. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways and we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my God. Hold me closely to his son. Love and strength for each new day. He will make a [Music] way. He will make a way. I surrender it all. All I surrender it all. Whatever it is in my life that is a big hindrance. Lord, I surrender it all. Surrender it all. Have preeminence within this flesh. Lord, take control. I surrender all. I surrender it all. I surrender it all. Whatever it is in my life that is a big handrit I surrender it all. I surrender it all. Have freeance within this flesh. Lord, take control. I surrender. Oh, I surrender it all. [Music] I surrender it all. Whatever it is in my life that is a big hand [Music] riser it all. [Music] Surrender it all. Have freeance within this flesh. Lord, take control. I surrender. Oh, draw me [Music] nearer, near, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me near, near, near. Blessed Lord to thy preious leading son. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me [Music] nearer, near blessed to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleeding son. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in thine. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessedly to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleeding side. Oh, the pure delight of a single l that before thy throne I spend. When I kneel in prayer and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to thy preious leading side. There are depths of love that I cannot know till I cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me [Music] [Applause] near, near, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Come on. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] together. [Music] [Music] Down. Holy God. [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Ooh. [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music]
