################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - 250521 - Chad Lamb God in Partnership With Man - Part 3 Respecting the Vessel - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   250521 - Chad Lamb: God in Partnership With Man - Part 3: Respecting the Vessel
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kP0LG5LG0CA
========================================

Ask me why I'm happy. Oh, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffer who asks me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone." Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. For they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me, tries to make me doubt. I say my sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood. Cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. All my sins are gone and I'm living now for Jesus. Happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say I know my sins are gone. Oh there underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. Oh my sins are praise God. Oh praise God my sins. One more time. Oh praise God my sins are gone. Amen. Praise God. The Lord is our rock. In him we hide. A shelter in the time of storm. Secure whatever it'll be tied. shelter in the time of storm. Oh, Jesus is the rock in a wey land. A weary land, a wey land. Jesus is the rock in a weary land. A shelter in the time of storm. A shade by day, defense by night. A shelter in the time of storm. No fears alarm, no foes of pride, shelter in the time of storm. Oh Jesus is the rock in a weery land. A weery land. A weery land. Jesus is the rock in a wey land. A shelter in the time of storm. The raging storms may round us be a shelter in the time of storm. We'll never leave our safe retreat. Shelter in the time of storm. Oh Jesus is the rock in a wey land. A weery land. A wey land. Jesus is the rock in a wey land. A shelter in the time of storm. Oh rock divine, oh refuge near. Shelter in the time of storm. Be thou our helper ever near. Shelter in the time of storm. It's Jesus's rock in a wey land. Weary land. A weary land. Jesus is the rock in a weary land. A shelter in the time of storm. Amen. So thankful for that shelter in the time of storm into the chamber. Be free, Holy Spirit. Oh, speak to me gently as I close the door. Oh, heavenly lover, let your presence cover. Your kind of unending is all I long for. Into the chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit, speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly lover let thy presence cover unending is all I want once more. Oh into the chamber be free Holy Spirit. Oh, speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly lover, let your presence cover. Shakina unending is all I long for. Amen. As brother Chad comes tonight, let's just sing this. Oh, how He loves you and me. Oh, how He loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. For he gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Once again. Oh, how he loves you and me. He loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. For he gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Amen. Let's bow our heads together this evening. Dear Lord Jesus, how thankful we are for your love. For God, as undeserving as we are, you loved us anyhow. You loved us before. And God, we thank you, God, for all that you've done for us and all that you revealed to us. Lord, as we come tonight to feast on your word, we ask, God, that you would come and take control once again, that you would use this method that you orchestrated, this way that you set for us, that you might speak to us, Lord. And may you come and work in the gift you placed here. May you use this vessel of clay for your honor. May you give us ears to hear and our heart to perceive all that you have for us. May we receive your word and may it change us, Lord. May you give us clear vision and good understanding for the hour that we live in. And God, may you accomplish your purpose in each one of us. For that's our desire, Lord, to be used by you, Lord, to be a vessel that you can work through to accomplish your end time purpose. We love you. We ask that you would take part of every part of this service, take control, and have your liberty now as you bring your word to our hearts. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. God blesses. You take your Bibles while we're yet standing. Thank you, musicians. We're going to turn to the book of John. And while you're turning there, I just want to send you greetings from Brother Marcus Becker. He made it home safely. So, we certainly enjoyed having him here. We had a wonderful service here on Sunday morning, but also the youth meeting was really wonderful and we enjoyed having him at both of those services. Also want to remind you that this Monday will be the Memorial Day picnic. That'll be at uh Brother Benjamin and Sister Amanda Seabolt's home. If you could please remember, if you haven't done so yet, to sign up at the desk in the foyer so that we can get a good headcount and make good preparations for that, that'd be wonderful. If we could look at uh John, we're going to look at John chap 20. We'll begin reading verse 21. Before that, I want to welcome back Brother Alex and Sister Amy Bartum. It's good to have you guys back with us back from their honeymoon. Amen. Now, we didn't know what seat would be their regular seat because every by time they get married, they have to pick their seat. So, now everybody knows this is their seat. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's look at John 20 21. Then said Jesus to them again, "Peace be unto you. As my father has sent me, even so send I you." And when he had said this, he breathed on them and saith unto them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." May God bless you as you have your seats. Amen. And brother Frank, if you can bring up that um title slide. Amen. We're going to continue on with the same thought we've been on in God and partnership with man. This will be part three. We actually have a subtitle, respecting the vessel. And hopefully as we move down this evening and begin to share some of what's on our heart, you can see why we titled it that way. Uh but uh before I get started, before I get going too fast, I just want to once again just thank brother Franco for helping with the PowerPoint. He's the one who he just takes my notes last minute and he's got some way of doing it. I don't know how he does it and he turns it into a PowerPoint which is so nice because it helps me so much. I'm not very good at making them and if I have to make one I get stressed and nervous and all these other things and it takes me a couple hours and he can do it in like 30 40 minutes. I don't know how he does it but it's amazing to me. So, thank you, brother Franco. Amen. I like it because it helps me, especially on a Wednesday night, stay on task, go a little quicker, and we can all read through the quotes and the scriptures together. So, I I appreciate very much. Brother Ram's going to reference, he's going to make mention of this scripture and this next quote of this scripture that we just read. And he says, notice, he said, "As the father sent me, so send I you." The father that sent him went in him to confirm the word. And the same Jesus that sends his people goes in the people that he sends and saying, "The work that I do shall you do also." Sure, he prayed that we might be one. One with him, not one with organization, not one with a system, but one with God. For God in his word is one. And Jesus and God was one. And you and I in the word must be one. That's right. We must be one in agreement with the word. Amen. So in order to be one with the word, you have to be in agreement with the word. Amen. So there's a part that you have to play. There's something in you that you have to agree with the word and then God gets free reign to begin to work his word through us. Amen. But he says the God that went with the God that sent them went with them. And that's what Jesus was telling his disciples. He said, "Peace be unto you as my father has sent me. Even so send I you." And then he breathed on them and he says, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." And so he showed that the God who sent him came in him. and the God Christ that sent the disciples came in them to do the work. This is what we're looking at with God in partnership with man. He says in souls that are in prison now. So therefore, he has partnershipped, you see, and taken this man earthly and his eternal spirit and put it together because God reflected himself back in that that he became a man when he became Christ Jesus and he was God. God was in Christ and see lived in him reconciling the world to himself and through that perfect man each one of us imperfect that believe in God and has accepted that becomes the perfection of him. So God has a way to take us flawed and imperfect and coming in a perverted way. He's made a way where he can take us sanctify us by by his own blood by the washing of the water of the word and dwell in us now in partnership himself with mankind. It's no longer God above us and it's no longer just God with us, but now it's God moving down into us, moving down into his body to finish his work upon the earth. This is God partnershipped with man. Amen. Amen. And so now we know that the power he told the disciples, a stay in Jerusalem till you be endued with power from on high and it will give you power, amen, to be my witnesses. So you cannot just do it just in the flesh. You can't just go out and decide, I'm going to witness for No, it takes a power that's beyond your power. It takes the power of Christ himself dwelling in you. Amen. To make you a witness. That's why he didn't want him to go into the ministry without being endued with power from on high. Because God is not God has not asked us to do everything by ourselves. That's right. He's promised to be with us in us and in us to the end. Amen. Amen. In John 14:10, he says, "Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me." The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the work. Jesus became our example, and he began to show, listen, this isn't just me alone. Amen. This is the father in me. Amen. Doing the work. And then we get to Acts 3 and 12. And when Peter saw it, this is after Peter and John, they prayed and they they healed the the blind man that laid by the gate beautiful and he went leaping and jumping into the temple. And they all came and began to worship Peter and John. And Peter saw it. He answered unto the people, "Ye men of Israel, why marvel you at this? Or why look you so earnestly on us? As though by our own power or holiness, we had made this man to walk." They saw and they heard and they seen what Peter had done. They saw a man go over and take another man by the hand and lift him up. And as they lifted him up, his ankle bones and legs received strength. And the man who was lame from birth and laid there so many decades, Amen. now was running and leaping. They couldn't they couldn't fathom anything else than this man here had power to heal that man there because that's all they saw. But Peter's wanting them to understand something else. Hey, listen. What you saw wasn't our strength or our holiness. We didn't do it. Amen. There's another life inside of us and we did it by the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So that's how God will still do his works in this day. Amen. Amen. He'll still accomplish it the same way. In this message, Christ is identified the same in all generations. He says, "Now, what is this? It's a gift." See, a gift isn't something like a stick or a sword you you cut with with and things. A gift is a way to get yourself out of the way. Amen. I have to get myself out of the way. Then the Holy Spirit takes over. See, it isn't what you take and do something with. It's a gift to get yourself out of the way. Then God uses you. So that's why, you know, if you have a gift, you can't even really take credit for the gift because he said the real gift isn't even the gift. The real gift is being able to get yourself out of the way so the gift can operate. Amen. So that we in our flesh don't hinder the thing that God's trying to do. That's the real gift that he's given to us is to learn how to relax and move out of the way and let God move through us in new ministry. This is a quote that we read before, but I want to read it again and I want it to to stay lodged into our minds. He says, "Now you say, well, if he knows it, then why are you preaching?" He says, "He just told us God knows the end from the beginning. He knows all things. He knows who will be saved and who won't. He says, "Then why are you preaching?" He said, "That's God part of God's program. Preaching is his program." When he looked upon the apostles, he looked upon the harvest. He said, "The harvest is ripe and the labors are few. Pray the Lord of the harvest that he will send labors into his harvest." How many remember that? Well, why would they have to pray to the Lord of the harvest to send labors into his harvest if the Lord of the harvest was standing there knowing it would be done? Why? God has so arranged it that, now listen to this, God has so arranged it that his program cannot move without you and I. And as long as we're not doing what God leads us to do, we're paralyzing his program. But when the church moves by the anointing of the Holy Ghost, then we're in God's will doing his program. So this isn't doing everything according to your ideas and your plan or a program of the church, but it's moving by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. And as long as we do as we don't do what God's leading us to do, then we're paralyzing his program. I think that's amazing. That that quote to me is kind of a mind-blowing quote. We've we've read it. We've talked about it. This isn't the first time we've been through it, but it's mindblowing because we know what paralysis is. Paralysis is an inability to move. If my arm, if my left arm is paralyzed, I have no ability to move my arm. it doesn't function normally and I can do no work with it whatsoever. It's as if it was dead. It's paralyzed. And as long as we're not doing what God's leading us to do, we are paralyzing his program, making it impossible to work. That's that's what's so amazing to me about this quote. It's like, how how can we do that? Can't God do everything? Yes, God can do let's let's look at this, okay? God can do everything. Yes, God can do everything. But the all powerful, all knowing, Amen. all powerful God, Amen. He chose which manner in which he would operate. And he binds himself by his own law and by his own will. And so there are limitations of what God can do. Not limitations somebody else put on him, but limitations he placed upon himself. You remember when he went into compertium and he could not do many mighty works there because of their unbelief. because they didn't believe God could not work. So God, brother Bam says, God is a gentleman. The Holy Ghost is a gentleman and he'll never ram his way into you or force anything upon you. Amen. That's why faith is so important. There has to be an agreement with the word of God. There has to be a faith that lines up to it that gives God, Amen, free access to your free will and allows him to work because he doesn't work contrary to free will. Amen. And part of the partnership he put man uh he he when God put God uh man in partnership with him. He gave him the power of free will or free choice. And that's part of the partnership. And God will not violate that part of the partnership. So if you're not going God's predestinated way, God has a way to help you want to go his way. Amen. He won't force you, but he'll make it really convenient for you to go his way versus the way you want to go. Because the way that we want to go often leads to death and destruction. Not that God causes death and destruction, but our own mind according to our own will leads us that way because it's contrary to the will of God. Amen. Contrary to the word of God. Amen. So God never forces anything. So God can do everything. God can do all things, but there's certain there's certain lines or boundaries he himself will not cross. That's right. And so, if we're not doing what he leads us to do, he won't force us to do it. If we're not doing what he leads us to do, he won't go get somebody else to do it if he's ordained for us to do it because he won't change his ordained plan. So, if we're not doing what he leads us to do, we're paralyzing his program. I find that an amazing statement. And it makes me it makes me tremble a little bit because I don't want to paralyze this program. There's a there's a certain amount of sensitivity we need to God. There's a certain amount of searching God, searching for God and surrendering to God that we all need. Amen. When we look at this scripture, I'm going to go back and we're going to talk about Moses a little bit again like we did last time. But in Acts 7 and when Stephen is is giving his great address before they stoned him before the council in Acts 7, he says when and and when 40 years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of Mount Si an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush. When Moses saw it, he wandered at the sight. And as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the Lord came unto him, saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled and dured not behold. Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet, for the place where thou standest is holy ground. And I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people, which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and I am come down to deliver them, and now come, I will send thee unto Egypt. this Moses whom they refused, saying, he who made thee a ruler and a judge. The same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush. He brought them out after that he had showed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt and in the Red Sea and in the wilderness 40 years. So God came down and he says, "I've come down. I've heard the cry of my people. I've seen their trouble. I've come down deliver. Now come, I'm sending you to Egypt because my coming to deliver them will be in you. Amen. It'll be made manifest in you and through you. And Moses, who they refused to be a judge over them, God sent to be a judge and a deliverer to them. So who was the deliverer? Was it Moses or was it God? And the answer is yes. Because it was God and Moses. Remember, it was God partnershipped with Moses. And we go back to this little bit of this dialogue that we looked at in Exodus last time. Exodus 4. And I'm not going through all of it, just a small portion. Says, "And Moses said unto the Lord, oh my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither hi hereto for nor since thou hast spoken to thy servant, but I am slow of speech and of a slow tongue." And the Lord said unto him, "Who hath made man's mouth? Or who maketh the dumb or deaf or the seeing or the blind? Have not I, the Lord? Now therefore, go and I will be with thy mouth and teach thee what thou shalt say?" This is after the third excuse Mo, this is the third excuse Moses is giving. And God's answered him twice before. This is the third time he said, "I'm not eloquent." He said, "Who made the mouth? Who made the mouth that speaks? Who made the ear that hears? Now you go and I'll be with your mouth." Yeah. and teach thee what thou shalt say. And he said, "Oh my Lord, send I pray thee, by the hand of him who thou will send." He says, "God, send somebody else." And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses. And he said, "Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee, and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart." So here we we've we talked about this last time in detail how Moses has this dialogue with God where he's constantly trying to get out of what God's asking him to do. God's telling them, "I'm come down to deliver. Now's the time. Now's the season." And listen, Moses used to believe he was that deliverer. He heard what his mother told him. He when he sat on her knee, she talked to him about it. He believed it. But he had already failed. He had run away and he spent 40 years in the wilderness. Now God comes to him and says, "I've come down to deliver. Here's a supernatural sign. You go down." And he starts to say, "But no, I can't. They won't listen." And all of these things and it culminates with the anger of the Lord being kindled against Moses because he wouldn't go. And finally, he he just finished. Amen. I I say God's just finished. But Moses submits and he surrenders and now Aaron will be his mouthpiece. And God gives them these these signs, the sign of the rod and the sign of the hand. And and we talked about that, but I want to spend a little more time on that this evening. In perfect strength, brother Bam says there's so many of us likes to testify or likes to think that we're insufficient. And therefore, we make that an excuse. I have no education. I have no ability. I'm unable to do this. And if you keep that up and do that in that way, keep going like that, then you can't amount to nothing. Does anybody feel insufficient? Incapable, not good enough. Amen. That's a standard common feeling amongst us unless we have some disorder. And we've seen people with disorders, you know, they think too highly of themselves and they think they're the most wonderful thing ever. But in general, human beings are suffering with this lack of of of self-confidence, this understanding of their weakness and inability. But we can't make that an excuse for not serving God or not doing what he's leading us to do. He says, if you if you keep going like that, then you can't mount to anything. But the very thing that we make excuses by our weaknesses, God uses that very thing to tackle the job with. He's He waits for us to get to that condition so that he can use us. We take the excuses and say, "Well, I I can't do this. I'm insufficient. I can't do it." And God takes the very thing to do the job with. That's true. That's the reason why that he chooses us because we're in that condition. The very thing that keeps us from thinking we can be bride is the very reason why he chose us to be in his bride. the very things that keeps us from thinking that we're capable of doing what he asked us to do in this end time by manifesting Christ in the way and in a maturity and the and the fullness of the expression of Christ and the statue of a perfect man in adoption and we think I'll never attain to it. I can't do it because of this this this and this. That's the very reason he chose you. Amen. Is because you can't do it. The very reason he chose you is because you're weak and incapable. That's the very reason he chose Moses. But as long as Moses felt that he could do it in his strength, God wasn't ready to use Moses yet. And so Moses tried and Moses failed. And then he ran through the wilderness for 40 years. And and and in his failure, he moves from such a high position and a high level and the greatest government upon the earth at that time, the greatest kingdom with the most wealth and power, greatest education and all of that. He loses that position. and he comes down and now he's working for his father-in-law, tending his sheep on the back side of the desert. And brother Benham said, "And God gave him a hot-tempered wife." Amen. Until 40 years with a hot-tempered wife and a bunch of sheep and goats on the back side of the desert finally fixed him. So if you have a hotteered wife, don't complain. God's just shaping you and molding you into perfection. Brought him into the position where I can't do it. They won't listen to me. I'm not capable. I'm unable. And God was like, "That's Yeah, perfect. Now you're ready. Now you're ready." And so God, if we could just just adjust our thinking a little bit, that's the way God wants it. God needs us and we need him and he needs us to need him because if we stop needing him, we become dangerous. Amen. Because if he gives gifts and he gives authority, if you think of Moses, the gifts that he gave Moses as a as a mighty prophet and remember Moses even when he was outside the will of God and smiting the rock twice, even though God told him speak to the rock, not smite it, and he smoteed it, because of his position, the rock split and water came anyways because God honored that gift. remember uh uh a member Elisha and the she bears Elisha that wasn't the spirit of Christ. That was an angry prophet. That was that man. But because of his position and the authority and the gift that was in him, God would honor that gift. And when those 42 children were mocking him and said, "Go up, baldhead. Go up." He turned and cursed him. And two she bears came out of the woods and rent and tore and killed 42 of those children. Amen. because of his position, because of his authority, it still worked. But look at how dangerous that is. It's dangerous to be gifted. A man's gift will destroy him. Listen, it was Elvis Presley's gift that sent him to hell. Amen. Amen. He was super talented musician, super gifted singer, and it was the gift that destroyed his life. A a gift is dangerous. An ability, a talent is dangerous. A position with God is dangerous. So God needs the weakness in our life to keep us dependent on him because the gift in our life and the position he wants to put us in is often very dangerous. So let's embrace our weakness. Let's start thanking God that he left weakness in our life. and you say, "Why am I always struggling with this and why can I never seem to get over this and I've always got this?" But that you don't we don't understand. Sometimes that's the very grace of God in our lives to keep us utterly dependent on God. Amen. So that we cannot branch out on our own. We cannot make it on our own because if we did, we would become extremely dangerous. Amen. Amen. Now look in perfect strength he says if you'll notice the Bible it's always those who are trying to get away from it that God uses as long as a man listen very carefully as long as a man wants to do something and thinks he's got enough ability he can put the job over God could never use that man look at Moses running look at Paul running and the rest of them trying to get away from him I said Don't seek nothing. God's got anything for you. He'll give it to you. See, and just let him take care of that. I want you to understand this mentality is so important because if if a man wants to do something and thinks he's got enough ability, he can put the job over, God can never use that man. That kind of thinking is very dangerous. very dangerous because if you think you got to you want to do something for God, you think you've got the ability that meets that need, then all of a sudden you're now doing it and you're not doing it with an utter dependency upon God. Amen. Amen. And that thing will go rogue. It'll go bad because you can do it. Because you can do it and you got what it takes to do it and you want to do it and you know that you can do it. And when you're in that position, that thing will go bad. Who is the most gifted person in heaven? Lucifer. Who could get the job done? Lucifer. who was full of wisdom and perfect in beauty. Lucifer. Amen. I'm telling you, God made him perfect in every way. Because perfect in every way will go bad. And God knew he would go bad because that would serve his purpose because God needed to display his attributes. And he could only display his attributes white against a backdrop of black. And so God needed an antagonist. God needed a reason to be a redeemer. He needed a reason to be a healer. He needed a reason to be a savior. And so God could never make a vessel corrupted. God can't make anything imperfect. He can't make anything that's corrupt. He can't make anything that's evil. God is perfect in every way. He cannot make anything perverted or corrupt or evil. Amen. So what God did was make him absolutely perfect. Amen. Because absolutely perfect was the most dangerous thing for Lucifer and Lucifer became extremely dangerous. And the thing says he was the Bible says he was deceived by his own brightness. He was deceived by his own perfection because he didn't have flaw. He didn't have inability. He could get the job done. He had what it takes. He had the power and the strength to do it. And because of that, he was deceived by his own brightness. And he self-corrupted. And think about what brother Bam tells us. He said Lucifer, Amen, thought he could build a brighter and better kingdom than Michael's humble little kingdom. This this terminology is so important that Brother Ram's showing us a picture when God and Michael is a type of Jesus Christ. He's Christ in an angelic form as the archangel. And in that he had a kingdom and jurisdiction, but it was humble. Amen. So that means it had limits. It wasn't as perfect as Lucifer. So in Lucifer's eyes, Michael had a humble little kingdom. Why did God give Michael a humble little kingdom? Because God didn't want him to go rogue. That's right. I'm telling you, if you're extremely gifted, super intelligent, wise, you've got money, you've got good health and strength, be careful. You're on dangerous ground. But if you got troubles in your life and you're squeezed a little bit and things aren't going well and you really can't figure anything out and you're an emotional roller coaster, then praise God, he can use you. Praise the Lord. Because you have to have him. You can't do it by yourself. And you know you can't do it by yourself. And you know if God asks you to do it and he doesn't help you, you're going to make a miserable mess of it. That's the perfect place to be, friends. That's why God lets us have all kinds of troubles. And we're all surrounded with troubles. I mean, we're like Moses on the back side of the desert. Everything's falling apart. Amen. My household's not even in in harmony. And he finally got him to the place where he knew he couldn't do it. And when he got Moses to the place where he knew he couldn't do it, then God was ready to use him to do it. So, let's not try to pretend we're so perfect. Yeah. Let's not try to be so bright. Let's not try to be the epitome of perfection. Let's just be real. Let's just be genuine and real and have a humble little kingdom like Michael had. That isn't so perfect. And we don't always have it figured out. And I'm not always I don't I'm not always on a high every day, but sometimes I don't feel so good. And I don't really figure it out. And I made a few mistakes along the way. And I made decisions I regret. And and I and I wish I knew better. I wish I understood better. I wish I knew the message better. I wish I knew my Bible better. Instead of saying, "I'm so glad I know my Bible." Why don't we move to the other side and say, "You know what? I really don't know anything like I ought to know it. I wish I had better revelation. I wish I had clearer vision." Amen. I wish I had more prayer time. I wish I was more dedicated. I wish I was more consecrated. Because that's the right attitude for God to use. Not upon our make believe, but where we really are. So, let's just be real because that's, you know, that's where God wants us to be because he wants to use us. And he can only use us when we're dependent upon him. And he can only use us when we think that we're not good enough and we can't do it. Then he can use us. Praise God. It It's amazing how life plays tricks on us and we get deceived by humanity and the common thinking of man. And we don't realize how much of Lucifer's nature was actually injected into humanity at the fall. That's right. There's a pride that comes in and this desire for perfection and this idea that we're full of wisdom and perfect and beauty and everything that Lucifer was. And we we want to be this shining star, this all-encompassing uh bottle of perfection in human flesh. And anything under that, then we start we we go one of two ways. We either uh we either overperform and we strive for this perfection and we try to hide all our mistakes by perfection or we only notice our perfe our mistakes and judge it by perfection and feel like we're unworthy worms no good and we'll never do anything and go and sulk and hide in the corner and never try. We we tend to fall on one of these two sides. But I'd like to be right in the middle. Amen. I'd like to realize, you know what, I I am nothing special, but God still called me. Amen. In my flesh, I can't really accomplish anything. And if God doesn't help me, I'll make a big mess out of everything I try to do. But with God's help, all things are possible. If God before us, who can be against us? If God does the work, it'll come out right. Amen. I I believe those are the vessels that he can use for his glory. 1 Corinthians 15:9 says, Paul says, "For I am least of the apostles, that I am not meat to be called an apostle because I persecuted the church of God. But by the grace of God, I am what I am." Amen. And this grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain, but I labored more abundantly than they all. Yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me. Look at how he makes this statement. I love I love the way Paul says it. Listen, I'm not even worthy to be called an apostle because in my wisdom, in my zeal, I was I was persecuting the church of God. So, in in the peak of Paul's ability, he was exactly going the wrong direction, fighting against the thing, the truth that he was trying to uphold. So, in all of his wisdom and all of his knowledge and all of his strength, he was absolutely misled, deceived, and going the wrong direction. And so he says, "I'm not even worthy to be called an apostle because I persecuted the church, but not by ability and not by wisdom, not by strength, but by the grace of God, I am what I am." But hey, he says, now the this next sentence is so good. He says, "And his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain, but I labored more abundantly than they all." And it's almost like while he's writing or dictating, he corrects himself. But my labor was more abundant than they all, but yet not I, but the grace of God which was in me. I don't want you to think that it was my labor alone. Amen. I labored, but it was the grace of God that was in me. I think Paul learned, Amen. He learned where his strength came from. Again, in perfect strength, he says that's when God can use you. That's when he can use any of you. He can use anybody when we get out of the way, but as long as we got ourselves in the way, then we cannot. So sometimes we, you know, we look at this and say, you know, we get ourselves out of the way and God can use us. We get in our own way so many times and sometimes the way that we get in our way is thinking that nothing God can never use us for anything and we're no good and never will amount to anything. And sometimes that gets in the way. Yeah. because then we just never go do what God's calling us to do because we think there's no way that we can do what God's calling us to do. And knowing we can't do what God calls us to do is a good thing. Amen. But then not doing it is a bad thing. So it's good for us to say I can't do what Lord's asking me to do in my own I can't do it. But if he'll be with me and in me like he promised then I can do it because with God all things are possible. So sometimes the the the excuses that we allow to come into our mind because of our weaknesses are actually preventing us like Moses from just going forward and doing what God called us to do. God says, "I have come down and I'm sending you." Amen. Moses looked at himself and said, "I can't do it." But he forgot who came down. He forgot where the real power was. I mean, God has called us to be his representation on the earth in the end time. And you say, "But I can't. You don't know my past. You know how many times I've tried. You don't know my complexes. You don't know." But don't forget who came down. Don't forget who's come down in this day. What that cloud represents. Don't forget what power has come to accomplish this work. But he's got to do it in partnership. Amen. Amen. Let's go back. I'm going to look at Exodus again. Exodus chapter 7. This is when he comes to Pharaoh. And the Lord spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, "When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Show a miracle for you, then you shall say unto Aaron, take thy rod and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent." And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh. And they did so as the Lord had commanded. And Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh and before his servants and it became a serpent. Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers na now the magicians of Egypt. They also did in like manner in their enchantments for they cast down every man his rod and they became serpents. But Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods. Amen. When God was giving a sign to Moses, he told him, "Take thy rod and throw it on the ground." Now, it's a curious thing to me to wonder how long Moses had carried that rod. It was a rod that he had picked up or maybe Jethro gave to him. Maybe he found, he cut, he I I don't know. He shaped, maybe he scraped all the bark off of it. Maybe he carved his initials in. I have no idea. But it was his shepherd's staff that he carried with him. And he had carried it. I don't presumably for some time. And he had no idea that you could throw this thing down. And listen, let's just think. I'm sure Moses had dropped his rod before. Does anybody imagine that maybe he dropped it or laid it down or I'm sure and nothing ever happened. But this time, God said, "Throw it down." And by the power of God, it turned into a serpent. And Moses fled from it. He was afraid. That means Moses had nothing to do with that rod becoming a serpent. Amen. He was only the hand that carried the rod and dropped it at God's command. Yes, sir. God turned it into a servant. Then he says, "Reach forth thy hand and take it by the tail." And he did. And And I I don't know about you, but that would have been probably the most terrifying moment of my life. He had already run from it. It wasn't like he liked snakes. He wasn't a snake handler or he wouldn't have fled from the face of the serpent. But at God's command, he picked it up and it turned back into a rod. Moses couldn't do that. It took God to do that. And God wanted this sign to be demonstrated to Pharaoh for a sign that God had sent him. But God couldn't get that rod to Egypt without Moses. So this was partnership with God. Moses had to carry it. He could not change it to a ser. So he goes down by the word of God and he did what God told him. And this is what the prophet says. But Moses did just exactly what God told him to do. He threw down the rod and it turned to a serpent. And those soussayers came out and threw down their rods and it turned to a serpent. Moses was at the end of his intelligence and at the end of his strength. But that's where God wants to get us just to the end of our road. And then he steps in. It's just like him. Maybe you're so sick this morning till the doctor says you can't live. Drowning men will reach for a straw. That's the way it is when you try to get uh all that we can work ourselves that's humanly that that will do it. But when it comes to a place where there's no other hope then who doesn't believe in divine healing will believe right away then it's their only hope. And Moses was at the end of his reach. Then God steps in and causes his serpent to eat up the serpents of the other men. Then his serpent was no more. Brother Mam says this in Jehovah Gyra in a prayer. He said, "Lord, if we will do our part, you're able to provide for your part. May it be so, Father." Amen. So, think about this Moses who has all this self-doubt already and all this anxiety about going down and he knows the power and might of Egypt. He knows the reputation of Pharaoh. He knows what he's walking into. He knows his own failure. He knows his own inability. And and God's sending him down, but he gives him these signs. And one of them is the rod. and he tells him to go and do it. And so all he's told is to cast this rod before Pharaoh's assign. He's not told anything else. And when he throws this rod down, it turns into a serpent just like God had showed him before in the wilderness. But the part that Moses wasn't told by God is that there'll be other power that can copy and mimic that power. And the magicians came and threw down their rods and it turned into serpents. And just imagine for a minute you're Moses and you're thinking this is exactly why I didn't want to come because he there's nothing he can do. He is powerless. He is incapable. He is unable. God never told Moses to do anything else. He just told Moses to drop the the the the rod and it'll become a serpent. And he did exactly what God says. And listen, uh when when the other magicians threw down their rods and they become serpents too, Moses was at a complete loss as what to do. Brother Ram tells us so. He said Moses just stepped back and watched. There was nothing he can do. He was completely inable, incapable, had no understanding. He was at the end of his intelligence and his ability. There was nothing he can do. And and and Moses doesn't start saying, "Okay, that was just a joke. I was just because Moses is in partnership with God." Don't forget what a partnership is. A partnership is not I do everything, you do nothing, we split the proceeds 50/50. You do everything. No. A partnership is you have your part to do and I have my part to do. Moses did his part. And when it went beyond Moses's ability, there was nothing else for Moses to do but sit still and be quiet and let his partner work. That's exactly what Moses did. Moses realized, I'm on partnership with God. And now we've be we've gone beyond my part of the contract. Hallelujah. Because I'm here for the natural part. I'm not here for the supernatural part. Listen you, brother Chad. Listen, that's still the truth, friends. You can't make anything supernatural happen of yourself. It takes God. Amen. There's so many things that God wants us to do. Hey, listen. You can put your clothes on and you can come to church on time and you can pray and you can worship and you can hear the word. You can open your Bible and read. You can listen to the message. You could, there's a lot you can do. You can testify. You can share the word. There's a lot you can do. But hey, there's just as much you cannot do. I'll tell you what else. Listen, God can't read the Bible for you. You have to read it. God can't come to church for you. You've got to get in the car and you've got to push on the pedal and you've got to come. Amen. You say, "It's not as though, you know, we we decide to miss a few serves, we get tired and we want to sit home and we don't want to come and whatever, for whatever reason, we decide." Listen, God doesn't just pick you up and carry you and teleport you in and sit you here because there's something you need to hear. No, there's a part you have to do. And if you're going to get the benefit out of what God told us is benefit, you've got to do your part to get the benefit that he promised you would get. Right. God doesn't just do the the natural things that you can do. God expects you to do. He doesn't just do it for you. There's so many times we find ourselves getting into a weakened spiritual condition because we haven't done our part of the contract. We haven't been faithful to our part. Faithful in prayer, faithful in the word. Amen. Faithful to listen, faithful to come, faithful to fellowship. We we've we we become unfaithful in our part of the contract. Then we begin to get weak spiritually and then all of a sudden we're like, "Why isn't God this and why isn't God this and why isn't God doing that?" Listen, you've in contract with God. You're in partnership with God. You've let your let it down your end of the contract and now you want the supernatural part of God to cut kick in and cover all of my mistakes. Listen, we've got to do our part. We still we're still expected to do our part and get the benefit from doing our part. Amen. Amen. Paying ti is our part. God's part is to open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing we can't contain. But why would God do his part when we haven't done our part? It's simple, right? Simple. So when then when we haven't done our part and the blessing's not coming and financial trouble comes and all a sudden we cry out to God to do his part. Amen. But we haven't done our part. So when Moses has done his part, then Moses can sit back and rest. Because this is beyond Moses's ability. There's a serpent on the ground. I dropped the rod. He never told me what to do if there's two other serpents. Like if he had given him instruction, he would know what to do. But God didn't tell him that part. So if God didn't tell him what to do, then there's nothing for him to do. The problem is when that happens to us, we get nervous. We start making up things to do. Yeah. We start figuring out all kinds of, well, we got to do this and we got to do that and we got to come up with this program and I got to say this and it's up to me to do this and that. Listen, if God hasn't told you what to do, if it's not in the word and you've done all you know to do and you come up against something that's beyond your pay grade, beyond your ability, totally beyond your capability, don't start making things up. Just hold still. Just hold still and and let God do his part. And if there's something he needs you to do, he'll tell you what to do. He always has. go back and read the Bible. Anytime there was something for his children to do, he told them what to do. He didn't expect them to go out and make things up. We don't have to become super spiritual. In fact, don't become super spiritual. You just be as regular and plain as you can possibly be. Sounds counterintuitive, but it's exactly the way it needs to be. Because you start putting spiritual pressure on yourself to be some sort of supernatural super dynamic bride and and and you do it in yourself, right? It's going to cause a lot of problems. Amen. There's a part that God has to do. Where will he do it? He'll do it in you. But it'll be him doing it in you. Wait for him to give the answer. Wait for him to speak. Wait for him to do. Wait for him to say. Brother Brandham did some pretty supernatural things. But which of them did he do of his own thinking, of his own design, of his own desire? He He did what God told him to do. He waited for God to tell him to speak, and when he spoke, it happened. And when God didn't tell him what to do, he learned to not do anything. Amen. Amen. Do you remember how many times did you listen on the prayer line and brother Ben will be standing there and at the end of service he's done preaching. He's calling out so many numbers, maybe 15 or 20 numbers lining up over here and then he just starts telling testimonies and he starts talking and he starts doing all kinds of stuff and and and then in a few places he'll say, "Now you know I'm waiting on something." How many times did he had a prayer line? The angel commissioned him, "You're to take a gift of healing to the peoples of the nations." But brother Brandham knew there was something he could not do all by himself. He could go, he could preach, he could testify, he could call the numbers, he could line them up against the wall, but it was going to take that angel to come, that presence to come before he started praying for people because he was in partnership with God. And he could not, there was things he could not do by himself. Amen. That he needed God to come and do. Amen. It's good for us to be simple. It's good for us to be human. Amen. Are we afraid to be human? God wants to use human beings. Amen. God wants to take regular people that are just like everybody else on the planet and he wants to do supernatural things through them. That's the power of God. He wants to use you and I. This is 1 Corinthians 12. This is the Apostle Paul. He said, "For this thing I besought the Lord thrice that it might depart from me." And he said unto me, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities and reproaches and necessities and persecutions and distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong." So Paul learned perfect strength and perfect weakness. Paul had an affliction that was debilitating to him in some ways. But God told him, "Listen, don't worry about that. I've done that for a reason." And as soon as he knew that God had a purpose and he was like, "Praise the Lord. I will now glory in my infirmities. For when I am weak, then I am strong." So God uses even our weaknesses because our weaknesses are a constant reminder of how much we need God. Amen. We'll go back here. When God told Moses to drop that stick, he did. And when the situation got out of hand, it required God came on the scene to fix it because Moses couldn't. When when God told Noah to build an ark, God gave him the blueprint. God gave him the instructions. He went about and he did listen the the ark is partnership with God because God didn't saw any boards. God didn't put any pitch on the board. That was that was Noah and whoever was helping Noah. Noah did what God told him to do. He built it according the fashion God told him to build it. He put everything in it. He put in all the stores and all the goods and all the food for all the animals. Amen. But there was parts that Noah could not do. Noah could build it, but Noah couldn't bring all the animals. He couldn't go out. Noah wasn't out lassoing animals and gathering birds and gathering this and gathering that. No, he just did exactly what God told him to do. And at the appointed time, guess what? Animals started showing up to the ark. That wasn't Noah's part. That was God's part. But what's the point of God doing his part if there's no ark for him to go into? If there's no food for them to eat, if there's no provision that God told him to make, and then in God's appointed time, he calls him into the ark. He goes into the ark and he slams the door closed. Amen. But Noah can't make it rain. Only God can do that part. Amen. So, here is Noah in partnership with God. And all he had to do was his part. And his part was monumental. I say it was huge. But that was his part. And when he did his part, God did the rest. Amen. We get here to Numbers. And in the book of numbers, it shows where Aaron and Miriam start speaking against Moses. And God God cha chasens them. He chastised them for speaking against Moses because he had taken an Ethiopian wife. And they begin to ridicule him. And they begin to say, "Aren't we, you know, gifted like you? Aren't we in the same spot you are?" And and listen, verse three says, "Now the man Moses was very meek above all the men which were upon the face of the earth." That's the kind of man that God wanted to bring deliverance out of Egypt. But he didn't defend himself. He didn't when he was when he was uh accused and when whatever they said against him, God now comes on the scene and the rest of this chapter, he comes on the scene and he begins to correct Aaron and Miriam and says, "Listen, I I've sent prophets and they see visions and dreams, but I speak Moses face to face and how dare you speak against my servant." Amen. It's in this passage. I'm not going to read all of it. I'm just going to throw it up there so you can jot the numbers down. He says in verse 8, with him will I speak mouthto mouth even apparently and not in dark speeches in the similitude of the Lord shall he beho be behold. Therefore wi then were you not afraid to speak against my servant Moses and the anger of the Lord was kindled against them and he departed. This is the same man who God was angry at. Right? The same one who the wrath of God was kindled against Moses. God was angry at Moses. Now Moses goes to do the job God called him to do. Now when other people are rebuking him and other people are against him, now he stands up for Moses and he says, "How dare you speak against my servant?" Amen. This is the same one that he that that he was in this conversation with and he was frustrated with. Hey, listen. This is God's partner. Amen. And he was requiring that re that they respected his partner. This is really important because when I picked the title, I picked respecting the vessel. And when we look at this, this is going to go two ways. The vessel that God chooses to work through is his choice. It's his choice. And we need to respect that vessel. Yes. And that means that when God chooses us, we have to have respect for his choice. That's a hard one for us because nobody wants to be conceited and and all that, but that's not what we're talking about. We're talking about simply respecting God's choice. God, if that's what you want, then here I am. And having enough respect for God that this vessel becomes his. And it matters where we go, what we do, what we say, how we present ourselves to the world because now we're in partnership with God. And God wants to use this vessel. And we have to respect God's choice. So we have to respect it when it's us, but we have to respect it when it's our brother and sister, too. That's what I want to finish talking about with God and partnership with man, that we respect God's choice regardless of what we see. Amen. what they saw was probably something worth criticizing. He had an Ethiopian wife, but he was God's servant. God would take care of correcting that. Amen. God says, "Why have you talked about my servant? Why have you come against my servant?" God now took offense because this is the vessel God was using. This is what Jude says. says Jude 1:8, "Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, speak evil of dignities. Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil, he disputed about the body of Moses, dur not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, "The Lord rebuke thee." I want you to watch this attitude, and let's be really careful now as we move forward. Even he he's speaking now of people uh uh of people in the church and dreamers and the file of the flesh despise dominion. That means people have rulership speak evil of dignities. That's those who are esteemed in honor. But he says, listen to this. Yet Michael the archangel when contending with the devil and disputed about the body of Moses dur not bring against him a railing accusation but said the Lord rebuke you. Even Michael when facing off with the devil was careful how he spoke to him and spoke about him. I think this is a good lesson for all of us. Because he uh Jude is showing us that these people speak evil of everything and the dignitaries and governments and they don't even know what they're talking about. But even Michael the archangel when disputing with the devil, he never took that attitude. That's right. Jesus never took that attitude. Paul never took that attitude. You never hear Jesus speak to Judas that in an evil way, making a railing accusation. And you never hear the rest of the disciples say anything bad about him after the fact. Amen. That's right. They just leave it alone. Judas served his purpose. Right. So it's an attitude that we have to be careful that we have. Second Peter refers to something very similar. Second Peter 2:10. But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness and despise government. Presumptuous are they self-will. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. Whereas angels which are greater in power and might bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. But these as natural brute beasts made to be taken and destroyed speak evil of the things that they understand not and shall utterly perish in their own corruption. Amen. This the point I want to get to. Whatever vessel God has chose to work through, be very careful how you speak about it. Amen. Very, very careful how you speak about it. Even Even Michael is careful how he speaks to his enemy. We should keep our words courteous at all times at all times and let God deal with things, not us. There's another part of the contract and sometimes it's not our duty to deal with that. God will deal with that. That's what Michael said. Michael said, "I'm I'm come down to get the body of Moses. You're contesting me. The Lord rebuke you, not me, because I'm only here to get the body of Moses." Let's look at this in in Acts 23. But Paul says, "Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou wited wall." He's speaking to the high priest. God shall smite thee, thou wited wall, for sitest thou to judge me after the law, and commanded me to be smitten contrary to the law. He told the soldier next to him to smite him, and he struck him across the mouth. And he and he told him, you're off the word, basically your whited wall. In verse four, and they that stood by said, revilest thou God's high priest? Then said Paul, I wis not, brethren, that he was the high priest, for it is written, thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people. Paul all of a sudden corrects himself. It doesn't mean the high priest is right. He's wrong. But because God told him to honor authorities, he now realized, I've got to honor this authority. And not just religious authorities, but all authorities. Amen. You never see Jesus railing against Herod, railing against Pilate, railing against Caesar, railing against the government. He never does. He speaks courteously. Look at what Jesus said in Matthew 18:10. Take heed that you despise not one of these little ones. For I say unto you that in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my father which is in heaven. And brother Bram says this, "God may send many angels. All of us has guardian angels, the children of God." Jesus said, "Take heed that you despise not these little ones, for their angels always beholds my father's face which is in heaven." That true. Be careful what you do against Christians. Better to be drowned in the sea with a rock around your neck than to bring an even even offense to one of them. Be careful. I'll say it this way. Be careful what you do or say or how you treat the family of God even when they're wrong. Amen. Because they're still God's children. That's right. Be careful. Brother Bam says in message respects, he said, "Did not Jesus say in so much as you have done it unto the least of these, my little ones, you have done it unto me. And it would be better for you that a millstone was hanged at your neck and you were drowned in the depths of the sea than to offend one of them. For I say unto you, behold, there are angels always behold my father's face which is in heaven. Now we know that they are that we being children of God, that we are part of God, and God demands his respects. God wants respect. I was I was thinking of a story. Many of you will remember this story and and I was trying to place it today and I can't remember exactly where I heard it, but I'm I'm almost positive it's Billy Paul's testimony. And brother Billy Paul was sharing a testimony of a time that he and his dad, they were in his home and they were they were talking over something. They were working out some arrangements. And Billy Paul's little boy that was just in a diaper at the time, just a toddler, kept running through and interrupting and and Billy Paul had told him to quit a couple of times. And this little boy run through and he interrupted again. And Billy Paul just ripped over and wapped him on the backside. Not anything serious. Just whapped him on the backside. He had a diaper on, I think it was. wapping him on the diaper and and and it wasn't serious, but the boy run off and he was heartbroken and he cried. And brother Brandham looked at Billy Paul and says, "His angel didn't like that. His angel didn't like that." Not that it's wrong to spank a child. Not that it's wrong to chasen children and being disciplined. That's our responsibility. But it's even the child has to be respected in a certain way. Amen. Even the child when he's disrespected in a certain way and his little spirit was damaged in a certain way, even that child's angel didn't like that. And if that's true for a toddler who's interrupting his dad and grandpa, what about for everybody else? Men, we need to be careful how we handle dignities. Because when we say that word dignities, we think of like presidents and government officials. That's really not what it is in the Bible. Dignities in the Bible are anybody that has glory or honor. And that really is the children of God, the family of God. I say it this way. Do we believe God's working in a many membered body? Do you believe you're part of that? Raise your hand if you think you're part of that many membered body. That means God is in partnership with you and God is using you to finish his purpose on this earth. And so I've got to be careful with the way I handle you. You got to be careful with the way you handle me. That we have to respect and honor God's choice and vessels. That even when we're wrong, we got to be careful how we handle each other. It doesn't do good to criticize and to condemn and to gossip and speak evil of one another because God has ears. God has ears and he cares about the way we treat one another because God's the one who chose each one of us for his purpose. And so when I when I looked at that story, I remembered and reflected back on that story uh of Billy Paul and that little I mean he was just a father being a father and he was a little bit frustrated because he already corrected the boy and it's not that he shouldn't have corrected him but he should have taken him aside and spoke to him and treated him with respect not done it in front of everybody and taken him to a side and given him a proper chastisement if it was due chastisement and then comforted the child and and restored him back to but not just ripped over and whapped him in front of everybody. body and and hurt his little dignity and and hurt his feelings. And do we understand? His angel didn't like that. And then it makes me think, how many times have I said and done things that the angels didn't like? my own family and my own home to my own children, my own spouse with my brothers and sisters in fellowships and and I say, God, help me to realize that you're working through all of these vessels that this is you. When Paul was grabbing them and hauling them to prison, Jesus come in a pillar of fire and say, Saul, why persecutest thou me? He said, who are you, Lord? He said, "I am Jesus whom you persecute." And he wasn't touching Jesus. He was touching the body that Jesus was now dwelling in, which was the believers. And all of a sudden, I realize, God, help me. God help me. You say, "Well, I I would I wouldn't be like Miriam and Aaron. I would never say anything against brother Brandham. I never correct him. I never condemn him." Do you think Brother Ram care? Do you think God cares more about Brother Brendon than he does the person sitting next to you in the pews? Brother Brenham has a higher office. Absolutely. He has more authority and more responsibility and God honors and protects that authority. But you think that's more precious than the vessel next to us? Say, "Oh God, help us to respect the vessels that you've chose. Help us to speak courteously even in correction, even in disagreement. We won't always get along and there's always need for correction." But brother Ben Brandon said, "If you can't go and correct somebody and then put your arm around them and love them, then you shouldn't be correcting them." Because if you want to do it and you like doing it, then you're probably not the one who should do it. If you can't wait to do it, then you're not the one to bring a correction. Just let somebody else do that. If you're eager for it, looking forward to it, and you can't wait to give them a piece of your mind, and you're analyzing all the things that you'll say when you just get the opportunity to say it, you probably shouldn't be the one to say it. But if you go in love and your heart's burdened for the brother and you've got to say something to them, you think they're going the wrong way and it just kills you to say it and you and and you hope they take it the right way and you want to restore fellowship and you want love, then maybe you're the one who should be the one to bring correction. If you can res honor them as your brother and sister and a child of God, and I don't think this applies only to children of God. I think it applies to humanity in general because life is a precious thing to God and if he created a soul and he gave life then we should treat that life with respect much more so the household and family of God but all humanity and God in the Bible in the law even cares about how you treat your beast. Has anybody read the Bible? God even cares how you treat your livestock and your animals and your beast. And if he cares if and if he gave laws on on requiring that you properly treat your beast, how about another human being? Right? We need to have respect. Respect for human beings. Respect for everything God made. I was thinking about that today and you think, well, can I kill a spider? And it's funny because in the back before I came out, I killed a spider. I have a confession to make. But brother Brandham did say spiders and snakes and things like that are just representation of evil spirits. So praise God. But I don't think it means that. Brother Brenham was a hunter and and there there was sometimes there was life that was taken. There's things that have to be destroyed because the world is perverted and corrupt and things have changed their purpose and things carry diseases and I you know you know understand what I'm saying. But even though we have to destroy a life, amen, we don't do it cruy. We don't do it uh sadistically. We don't take like little boys do and take spiders and pluck one leg off at a time and see them grow. That I don't think God likes that. I don't think that's the nature of God. I think brother Bam said, "I hunt." And he said, "I'm not a killer. I'm a hunter and I want to make a clean kill so that it dies ethically and dies quickly." So life has to be taken. Kill spiders, brothers. Do it for your wife. Be the hero, but don't torture him. It's funny, but you see what I'm You see the point? Respect. We need to have respect. Respect for God, respect for humanity, and especially respect for one another. God has chosen, my brothers and my sisters. He's got a many membered body, and he cares how that body is treated. Have you ever read Matthew 25? you the story of the white throne judgment. There's a whole host of people out before God and God looks at one group and says, "Because you visited me when I was in prison, because you clothed me when I was naked, you fed me when I was hungry, enter you into the joys of the Lord prepared before the foundation of the world." They said, "Lord, when did we feed you, clothe you, visit you?" He said, "When you done it to the least of these, mine brethren." Who's he talking about? He's talking about his elect seed, the bride that sitted with him on the throne. And they're they enter into eternal life because of how they treated God in flesh. Amen. I think God cares about how his vessels are treated. There's another group. He says, "When I was hungry, you didn't feed me. When I was naked, you didn't clothe me. When I was in prison, you didn't visit me. Depart from me. And they said, 'Lord, when did we see you hunger and not feed?' He said, 'When when when you didn't do it to the least of these, my brother, you didn't do it to me. And there's those who miss out on eternity and those who enter into eternity because of the way they treated the word in an earthn vessel. It matters. It matters. 1 Corinthians 12:20 says, "But now are they many members, but yet but one body, and the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee, nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble or necessary. And those members of the body which we think to be less honorable, upon these we bestow more abundant honor, and our uncumbly parts have more abundant comeliness. For our comely parts have no need. But God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honor to the part which lack lack. That there should be no schism in the body, but that the member should have the same care one for another. And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it. Or one member be honored, all members rejoice with it. Now you are the body of Christ and members in particular. God has set this whole whole scene so that he can work in a many membered body and we are interdependent upon one another and interconnected to one another and cannot escape it and should not desire to escape it. And God, you know, God has given different gifts in different places and different positions to different ones to the benefit of the whole. So that my gifts are not for me. My gifts are for you. And your gifts are not for you. Your gifts are for me. So that I'm in a position where there's something that I'm lacking that I can only get from somewhere else in the body of Christ. And God designed it that way so that we'd be interdependent on one another. Remember God, the fullness of the Godhead was in Christ. Christ had everything in him. He was independent. He was God in flesh. And the fullness of the Godhead dwelt in him and he was the manifestation of the fullness of God poured into him. But on the day of Pentecost, that pillar of fire broke up in the elix of fire and he poured himself into a many membered body. No longer will there be independence. No longer. Now there's going to be a many membered body that is interdependent upon one another. So there's no room for disrespecting any other part of the body. You need that part. I need that part. We need one another. And God said it this way so that you don't have everything you need. You don't have everything you need. That's right. Remember the spirit divide severely as he will the gifts to one a gift of faith to another knowledge to one wisdom to another working of miracles to this to that one in tongues and one interpretation one prophecies helps and governments and all these other and he's divided it up so that nobody's a one-man band. There's no such thing as a one-man band. It's we are all interdependent on one another. We cannot make it without the body of Christ. We have to have one another. And God designed it to where you lack. Without the rest of the body, you can't make it. Amen. That's a weakness. But oh, let's glory in our infirmities because I I have areas in my life that I'm completely weak and I'm incapable. There's things I cannot do. I need the rest of the body. I need your gift. I need you. I need whatever God's put in you, I need because he's put things in you that he hasn't put in me. And he's working things in you that he hasn't put in me. And there's nobody that can operate independent of the body. And that is a designed weakness by God. God designed it that way so that you can never go solo. Amen. So that you're interdependent upon the body of Christ. Amen. God is so good friends because God wants to be manifest in a many membered body and he made it so we have to rely on each other. Amen. And we have to respect one another and we have to honor one another because that's God's choice. Praise God. the message expectation. He says, "Now God is willing if we are willing. But we have our part to play. Each individual has a part to play. I can no more make a revival out of it or a meeting than nothing. And no one individual or no just two or three of you. It'll take all of us together working together through the Lord Jesus Christ to see something accomplished here in this city while we're gathered together for the kingdom of God's sake. Man, the same thing's true right here tonight. It's never going to happen by one person doing all the work. It's going to be all of us together for the working for the kingdom of God. Brother Bam was going into a city to have a prayer meeting and revival. He said, "I can't make a revival happen myself. It's not and not just two or three people can do it. It's going to take all of us together to accomplish something in the city." There was an interdependency and that's what God wants. Ephesians 4:15, "But speaking the truth in love, may grow up unto him in all things, which is the head, even Christ, from whom the whole body, fitly joined together, and compacted by that which every joint supplies, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, making increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love." Amen. That is God's design. Amen. God wants us to grow up together. He wants us to need one another. He wants us to depend on one another. He wants He He put in us a weakness. We talked earlier about the weakness that makes us dependent on God. But God put a weakness in us that makes us dependent on one another. So that I'm dependent on the God working in you and you're dependent on the God working in me. Amen. And that's the way God wanted it. Praise the Lord. So I just want to say I love you. Amen. I love every one of you and I thank God for you. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Amen. I think God wants us to love what he loves and respect what he respects and honor what he uses. And I think if we can do that, Amen, we'll bring honor and glory to God and we'll be blessed because of it. So God is in partnership with man. We've been looking for the last two services about God in partnership with man, me. But now I'm looking at God in partnership with man and you. And I'm respecting that and I'm learning to treat it with respect and honor and the glory it deserves so that I can get everything that God has for me. Musicians, if you want to come forward and brother John, let's bow our heads together and pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you Lord Jesus for the wisdom that you've placed in your word for the truth Lord that you're trying to get to us. God, we know that we cannot do anything on our own. We need you Lord. We know God that you have to be the force behind. You have to provide the spirit and power. And God that you want to work in man. You want to work in flesh. You want to work in our flesh. and we want to surrender to you and we want to come into that contractual agreement, Lord, that you desire where we do our part and you promise to do your part. And we're so thankful, God, that you you're always faithful to do your part. You never fail. You have never failed to keep your word. You are always there to do what you promise to do. And God, we want help to be more faithful. Lord, I want to do my part no matter how simple it is. Lord, how natural it seems. I want to do my part, Lord. I want to be faithful back to you. But God, it's not just in myself that I'm dependent, Lord, but I I'm dependent on my brothers and sisters. And God, and I want it to be that way because that's the way you designed it, Lord. And open my eyes to see how much I need this family of God. How interdependent we are upon one another. And help us, God, to treat one another with greater respect and more honor. Help us to season our words and to speak sweetly of one another. And Lord, even when things have to be corrected, help us to be very careful in the way we deal with one another. Lord, forgive us, Lord, for being brash. Forgive us for being critical. Forgive us for the harsh things that we've said. For Lord, we're everyone guilty. Guilty of speaking too quickly. Guilty of speaking too harshly. guilty of condemning your children and saying cruel things, Lord. But oh God, help us to take the attitude of Michael. Help us to take a different attitude, a different approach, Lord. For now, I just want to respect you. Respect your children. Respect your choice. And be careful, Lord, the way we handle one another. God, give us eyes to see and our heart to perceive all that you've opened before us, Lord. And may we be careful with one another and love one another the way you desire us to love one another. May we say nice things about one another. May we cover for one another's mistakes and not expose them. Lord, may we help one another in our times of need. May we be there for support and love and encouragement and strength. God, make us a body. Make us one, not just here locally, but globally, Lord. Make us one body in you under your headship, Lord. And may we all find our position and do our part and give back all that we can and receive all that we can. And God, may you be glorified and honored in it all. And may we respect what you respect. May we respect what you choose. We love you, God. Bless your children. May we go from here, Lord, with greater wisdom than we had before and with greater direction and clearer vision. We ask that you would help us and bless us as we honor your word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother John. A vessel of honor for God. [Music] of that soul of honor for God. Sanctified, holy so I might be a vessel of honor for God. of that soul of honor for God. Oh, a vessel of honor for God. A [Music] sanctified, holy so I might be a vessel of honor for God. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands in your name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips will praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands in your name. Oh, I lift my hands. I lift my hands, Lord. Unto my name. Unto your name. I lift my hands, Lord. Unto your name. My lips will praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands in your name. Oh, bind us together, Lord. B us together with cords that cannot be broken. [Music] B us together, Lord. B us together, Lord. B us together with love. For there is only one God and there is only one king. And there is only one body and that is why we sing. Oh, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with cold that cannot be broken. Bind us together, Lord. B us together, Lord. bind us together with love. We're made for the glory of God, purchased by his precious blood. We're born with the right to be clean. For Jesus, the victory has won. Oh, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with cold that cannot be broken. Bind us together, Lord. B us together, oh b us together with love. And we are the family of God. And we are the promised divine. And we are God's chosen design. Yes, we are the glorious new one. So bind us together. Oh, bind us together. broken. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with love. Oh, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord. bind us together with gold that cannot be broken. B us together, Lord. B us together, oh b us together with love. Amen. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And when I look around and see the good things that he does for me, I'm unworthy. I'm unworthy of them all. and for the blessings he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. Yes, I've got so much to thank him for. so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] Oh, sometimes while on this way, I'll kneel and I'll stop and say, "Thank you, Lord. For all you've done for me. One day I'll reach sweet heaven shore. Oh, please let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for. Yes, I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] [Music]
