################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 250625 - Gabriel Smith Touched - Part 3 - Gabriel Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   250625 - Gabriel Smith: Touched - Part 3
Speaker: Gabriel Smith
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VBdl6C1wKM
========================================

As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sinkings. And it is the Christ of Calary. This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour [Music] through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Hear my people. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. Keep me that I may be holy. Thine in sing redemption song. Someday I will be a soldier brave and true and ever firmly. Take a stand. And as I onward go and daily meet the f blessed Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus hold my hand I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. [Music] Hear my people. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. When I wander through the valley, dim or the setting of the sun, lead me faithfully to a land of rest, if by a crown of life I've won. I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strand. There's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. And Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Here my people, oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand for us. One more time. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Here my people, oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. One more time. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. And I've got a revelation of predestination. [Music] I've got a revelation. [Music] God is my father and I know where I came from. It tells me where I'm going. and the gates of hell shall never prevail against it. Oh, I've got a revelation of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. And it tells me where I came from. It tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell shall never prevail against it. Give me new strength, I pray, to face another day. Give me courage to press on and keep me from all wrong. Help me live my life for others. As you live your life for me, as you walked your way to Calvary, you took my sins and carried me. You're my Jesus, my savior. If there is anything I've held back from you, upon my knees I bring. You're my Jesus, my master. As I give my life to you, may it be pleasing in your sight, oh Lord. You're the one who goes before me. You're the one who guides my path. If I surrender my ambition and seek your will to be my task, may your spirit move within me and use me Lord today. till the harvest will be over. But let me labor till that day. You're my Jesus [Music] my savior. If there is anything I felt back from you, upon my knees I bring. You're my Jesus, my master. As I give my life from you to you, may it be pleasing in your sight, oh Lord. As brother Gabriel would come sing, I love him. I love him. I love him. Because he first loved me and her just my sation [Music] on [Music] the chorus one more time. I love him. I love him because he first loved me [Music] and her just my Salvation on Calary. [Music] Amen. God bless you all this evening. Good to see uh each and every one of you. And uh if it's okay, we'll just uh try to be mindful of the evening and Wednesday night. And so if we could get right into the scriptures, I'd like to read uh Hebrews uh the 4th chapter and um Hebrews chapter 4 and verse 12. For the word of the Lord is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marorrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do. Seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest, which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Precious Lord, we truly count it a privilege this evening, Lord, to have breath in our body and the ability to look into your eternal word and read it and see you in the verses and lines in which we've read. And truly, Lord, we're grateful that we have eyes to see and ears to hear and a heart to perceive all that you've given to us in this dark hour. And Lord, we truly want to uh yield to you this evening. Uh I trust Lord myself, my brothers and sisters. Lord, we want that welcoming spirit that your prophet talked about that you would be able to walk each aisle and behind the pull pit and and that you would just have preeminence. We we truly Lord don't want to be seen in ourselves but we just want to be surrendered so that you could help your children tonight. We commit this service into your hands and ask Lord that every word that would be spoken that uh it would be uh well pleasing to you and it would be a help to your children. asking your blessings upon each one, loving you and praising you, asking you forgive us of all our wrongs and sins. And we ask these things to be so in the allsufficient name, the only name, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated if you like. And um I I'd like to speak to you this evening uh uh on touched uh a third part and um but all three of them is we don't need to do any type of uh u rehearsing because it's just a simple little thought but just some things on my heart I want to uh share with you and I trust that it'll be a help to you. Um you know um brother Brandham tells us uh that um then see God came down the character of God was Christ. He was the reflection. He was God made visible. Notice God made visible. In the beginning was God. He wasn't even God. No God is an object of worship. Only thing he was was that eternal. And in him was attributes. And let let me stop here. We all know these things, right? But but you think about you realize how many billions of people don't know what you know tonight. So So it ought to it ought not to be common to us or or we've heard that last Sunday or we heard that Wednesday or right and and you know what that's not an easy thing to do. But but we ought to be mindful of how blessed we truly are to be believers of what we actually believe tonight. And and so let's let's let's look at it like we never looked at it before, right? He says in him was attributes and those attributes were thoughts and those thoughts was expressed to words and word was made manifest. What is it? It's all God becoming tangible and you are part of God. So God is not complete until you're fully expressed, right? In all your frailty, in all your shortcomings, in all your mistakes, but but think of it and and and so many times we miss it. If if you wasn't needing a savior, there would be no need of him tonight. Right? We How many we as we as human beings sometimes we we get tired of of always having to be the savior of the situation? Anybody? Yes, sir. Right. But God don't get tired. That's just what he is. He's a savior and he needs to be wanted. And just like I said, we've heard these quotes over and over again. The same thing holds true. Many times, we become so revelated, we want to save ourselves. But really in essence, we just need to be frail, feeble human beings in which we truly are and realize we need a savior this evening. God saved me uh 2001, the spring of 2001, but I need him today just as much now as I needed him back then. Amen. And I believe we should never lose the sight of that savior. Right. Now watch what he says. He says it was all God becoming tangible and you are part of God and Jesus come to redeem those that put on put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. It was God's thoughts and that's what he had come to redeem. And then as soon as it strikes them, they see it because the life is in there. But if the life isn't there, then what can they do? See, they don't see it, they'll never see it. But the beautiful thing is you can unsee it. Amen. That's right. Because you are part of God. you I I was talking about back uh the back brother Chad uh today this week I listened to um I was listening to uh uh uh uh three kinds of believers and uh I'm going to be all over the place tonight. Is that okay? And uh and so uh as I was listening to that, Brother Brandham says, man, if you haven't listened to it, it is so beautiful, so profound. He says some things in there, but but one thing he says at the end of that when he talks about the genuine believer, you you know you know when he pulls out the scripture for a genuine believer, he pulls out when Peter when Jesus asked Peter, who do you say who do men say that I am? And and we all know uh Peter says, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Brother Brandham takes that verse and he says, "See, a believer is known of of God by spiritual revelation." [Music] But but what is so amazing to me is brother Brandon would take that and it wasn't but a few verses later that that same God would call s call Peter and said, "Satan, get thee behind me." Yeah, that's right. Amen. That's right. and and and but that never shook the prophet to use that scripture to identify a true believer. And so to me, it just it just rung in my soul because so many times we we we get the revelation and then we fall. But we need to be reminded that that doesn't keep us from being a believer. Praise God. See, and and and another thing that brother Brennham says I thought was so profound uh at the end of of three kinds believers, if you if you ain't listen to it while Oh my, you need to listen to it. It is just it's so beautiful. Watch what Brother Brandham says. This is this is just amazing. At the end of it, he says, "Look, you're in one of these classes." Now, pay attention. And I wish I if I should have put it in a slide just so you can see it. In your present state right now, the present state of mind, you are in this visible audience. And you that will be invisible audience on this tape. Your present state of mind after listening to this tape proves to you what class you're in. Praise. So listen, remember brother brother Gabe seventh seal and the horizontal rainbow and Daniel 70 weeks and the seven vows and no thing from Genesis to Revelation God wanted to touch. He wanted to feel. Amen. So don't make it complex. And we look at our mistakes, but the prophet makes it so simple. You want to know if you're a belie. How many wants to know? Brother Gabe, I need to know. Okay. Listen to three kinds of believers. And when you're listening to it, know that at the end there's going to be a pop quiz. Remember this is Dr. Brandon, right? That's right. I I can show you the quote. I love Dr. Brandom cuz cuz it ain't a PhDL like men give, but he got it on the back side of the desert. And he tells us he says he says uh uh you would in this invisible audience on this tape, your present state of mind as to listening to this tape proves to you what class you're in. It tells you exactly where you are, whether you are a believer in the word and will stay with it, whether you'd walk out and shut the tape off. You say, "Brother Gabe, that's too easy." Praise God. Yes. Thank you. That's right. Because you are the one I am the one that's complicating things. Right. How many's ever listened to Three Kinds of believers? Amen. Did you shut the tape off at the end? No. No. So, what does that prove to you? Well, brother No. No. No. No. Stop. Stop. What does that pro? Yeah, but Brother Gabe, I have so many mistakes. Okay, Sister Bruce. Okay. Okay. Okay, Sister Bruce. Okay, I I get it. I get it. But but the thing of it is he's the high priest of your confession. And you have to remember confession, you have to say the same thing as the scriptures. And you're never going to live any higher than your confession. And too many times we look in the mirror instead of looking in the mirror of God's word. And this may look it may seem elementary here in the sanctuary and we got all kinds of people. We sung the songs of Zion, got the preaching, everything feels good, right? But it's when you're out there. It's when you're out there that it becomes complicated and you see your frailty and you see your mistakes. But that's why we have a message for us to go back to and we have to anchor our soul into that. That's right. No matter what we It remember cuz when I'm talk when I'm when we're preaching about about touch and feel, it's not about how we feel. Amen. That's right. Yes, sir. Your feelings will beat you to pieces. If if if we are if we are are are dependent upon what we feel, we're going to have highs and lows and ins and outs and ups and downs and those are many and and and and those are so complex many times. But remember, God sees the end. Amen. Amen. And we have to look to the end. We we have to have those that endure to the end, the same shall be saved. And there has to be an endurance for this bride of Jesus Christ. And there's, listen, there's no way for us to fake it. That's right. So, so when you take that pop quiz, be honest enough with yourself cuz why why try to fool yourself? You know, the there's too many unfailing realities of a living God for us to go trying around bluffing. The the the brother Bram said, "The Pentecostal skies are full of God's blessings. All we got to do is be honest enough to tap into them and pull them down to us." Right? Amen. Now, watch this. You know, you know the the problem of it is brother Benham tells us when he's when he was in Durban, South Africa, he says, "Now notice there's where the troubled of it is. There's why we can't have spontaneous healing. Why I I stood at Durban, South Africa, and saw something happen here on the platform. 25,000 people got healed at one time. They took seven car loads, truckloads, cattle trucks with crutches, wheelchairs, and everything off the ground. and 30,000 raw heated come to Christ at one altar call. Right? Then they wasn't indoctated. Well, they didn't go there and say, "Well, now Dr. Jones said that that was mental telepathy." Well, Dr. Henry said that that was fortunetelling. They had no Dr. Henry's and no Dr. Joneses. They just see, all we need is Dr. Brandom, right? He says, "They just come with a simple childlike faith and believed it." That's right. Oh, but all we Americans, you know, we're so scholarly and so untouchable. You know, we know all about it. That's right. And in this message, we've had it so much and so plentiful. But but what if what if we was in another country and we had five books. Right. Yeah, but but we live in a country where there's it's so plenty that that we may have the table on the front of the the very first page, but how many times do we scroll past it to get to just in case a believer checks our phone? We super believer. But how many times do you scroll past that table to get to what you really want to get to? See, and and by becoming so, you know, I I think we live in a time where where where it there's so much knowledge and so much information and there's they ain't we live in an hour where nobody's even trying to hide anything, right? Even even the conspiracy there no more conspiracy theories. They just come out and tell you, right? And and because we live in this age of of so much information, we become spiritually numb to everything because it's so plentiful. And and and if we ain't careful, we can become untouchable, right? Well, the gospel don't move us unless we see a quote that we've never seen before. or we or we hear a message in a way that we've never like like if is is is that all that we're striving for? I is is the is to find the next big preacher that preaches it to us in a way that wows us. But if but if that's it, is that the essence of eternal life? No, all that is doing is tickling our ears. And the gospel is, remember, the gospel doesn't shine. The gospel glows. The gospel glows in humility, in sincerity. And if we want to I I don't know about you, but I want to be able to touch the heart of God. And I want the heart of God to touch me. And in order for us to do that, we have to be able to to surrender ourselves in a such way that we have to we actually have to be soft. But you know, us brothers, we're not built that way. We live in a world of grinding. We live in a world of pushing through. We live in a world of responsibility where I don't have time because I've got too many responsibilities. And because of we have that we have that structure in life, it becomes so complex that it begins to numb us cuz all we have is the ability to slice out a little bit of time on Wednesday. And Lord forbid, Brother Chad has too many Saturday, Sunday services. Do I got to find somebody another brother to squeeze? Come on, friends. You know what I'm talking about. And and and and the thing of it is is, you know, men are built to suffer in silence. That's how we're built. Men will suffer in silence. Because because because because of the world that we live in and all of the influences that we have, we're supposed to be able to carry the load. And because we carry the load so much, we end up we end up just hardening ourselves and we become untouchable because we we we don't want to become vulnerable. I I I tell you, I I I say this. I I hope I hope I hope uh um uh Alex, I had to say sad. Say D. you you know you know recently you know they had that they had that wedding and uh my my girls my girls they love the weddings right and so they was ooing and gooing and goggling after the weddings right so so I I I wanted to watch it and you know brother Chad said sister Amy was a glow but you know when I when I watched that that you You know who my eyes was on? My eyes was on that man back there. Because if if you look I I I I told I told I told you daddy this. I said I said listen when I saw brother Alex look at his other half. you know, there could there there really was only one person in the room. And the the way that he looked at her, when I saw his eyes and I saw his heart, I said I I told my girls, I said, "I can only hope that that my my son-in-laws look at my daughters like he looked at her." cuz when I saw him looking, you know, you know, he didn't have to say nothing, but it's just you you can see the heart and and you know, sometime sometime I've seen some wedding pictures and it's like the man didn't want to be there. You know, I hope this is all right, brother. I'm just bragging on you, brother. Cuz I said, cuz listen, I'm telling you, look, you young brothers, listen. You may say, "Brother Gab, I ain't watching no wedding." You need to. I'm telling you, you need to. You need to because listen, if you can't look at your bride like that man looked at her, you you are not worthy of her and you need to keep on growing. I'm I'm I'm telling you because the thing of it is there has to be more than just a show. There has to be more than just artificial put on. That man wasn't worried about the building. He wasn't worried about pastor. He was only concerned with one. And when I saw his eyes, I saw his heart. And I realized that man will die for her. That man will work 16 hours a day, go on four hours of sleep, and get up the next morning and go again. And and to me that's the type of touch we have to have for this gospel. Like like the problem of it is is we become comfortable. Look, we get cleaned up and right God delivers us from from from the the world and the things thereof. But if we ain't careful, we can we can just take all of that stuff and replace it with responsibilities and jobs and careers and hello somebody. And and instead of gambling uh in the pool hall, you're gambling on Wall Street. And it's all about the do reay me. and we lose sight of the realities of God and we don't have time to enter into the sufferings of one another because if look the th this world is hard and and there is no tenderness. There is no touch. There is no sitting across the table and actually having quality time one with the other. but instead it's it's competition and and there's no fellowship. It's it's who can wow who with the with the next quote. And to me it's like no, I I don't want to wow you with the next quote. When I hear that prophet, he don't wow me with his quotes. He wows me with his heart. You you see what I'm saying? And and if and if and if we don't have that type of love, if we don't have that type of feeling, if we don't have that type of touch, what do we really have? Like I don't I don't want to be just a cleaned up better than a Baptist. Right. I I I I want to have the unfailing realities of a living God. Amen. That that whenever people come in contact with me, they see that there's something different like like we don't want to just go through the motions, right? Remember remember brother Brandham talks about he talks about brother Paul Rder. He said him and brother Paul Ra brother Paul Raider at one time he he he got in an argument with his wife and they had this little custom that every time they would they would they would he would leave the house he'd turn back and he would kiss her and then he'd turn back and wave and she'd wave and brother he said he said I I'm going right back to make it right. But but at but after him and Paul had had Paul and his wife had had that little falling out. Now I know that don't happen in y'all's home. Right there. Right. But but after they had had that falling out and he turned around and he he he he did you know he waved but there wasn't a feeling in it. And brother Barham says right right up the street he went and he jerked open the door and she was standing behind the door weeping and he just grabbed her in his arms and kissed her. Went right back out the gate, turned around and said goodbye. And she said goodbye. And he said he and he said, "You might ask me what was the difference. She waved goodbye the first time. She waved goodbye the second time. But the second time had a feeling in it. And that's what made the difference. And brother, what we need today is not a put on love. We need a love that's got a feeling in it that the world will know that we love the Lord Jesus. It has Look, we can't just go through the motions, but there has to be something from the heart. And you say, "I'm not built that way, brother Gabe." Well, unbuild yourself and build yourself according to the stature of Jesus Christ. Look, I know it's not easy, but we have to tear down our imagery of what a man is. These young brothers need to see the correct imagery of what a young what a real man is. They have to be able to see that dad. They got to be able to see dad cry. You know, some of my fondest memories in my life is my dad being affectionate to me. When I go back memory lane, it's not the GI Joes he bought me. It's not the bicycle that he got me, but my fondest memories is he and I, him putting me to sleep and laying back to back because that was our thing. My fondest memories is is me as a little boy and he giving me a kiss. Because as young people, they need children need that kind of affection. If if they don't get it from you, who will they get it from? Cuz they're going to get it from somebody. And if we don't I'm saying we You understand what I'm saying? Parent. I'm not talking about no weird stuff now. You understand what I'm saying? But but you know what? But the here's the thing. because we live at such a a hyperritical and all kind of filth. What that does because that we live in a filthy uh uh age and there's all kind of demonicness and craziness. It what that does it makes the real believers pull back and be and we can become isolated and afraid to God bless you. Right? Right? And because of that, then then then our children don't know what it's like to feel that love. But listen, you let me I'll say it like this. You may have all boys, but what if your boys have all girls? Because if if you got all boys and you raised them to be a man, but what if what if they grow up and they have all girls? How are they going to be able you you know because of what my dad done to me as a little boy back to back and giving me a kiss and that I knew I knew that we and it didn't matter. I'm telling you my dad was born in 1948 and I don't care who your dad is. My dad can beat up your dad without a shadow of a doubt. I don't Well, brother Chad's there. I put money on it cuz it's not gambling cuz he's going to win. But because my dad did that to me when I had my children, I spent time. I I made sure that there was little things that was just me and them because I knew how special it was for me. And because I knew how special it it made me feel, I wanted those three little girls to feel the same love that I felt as a little boy. Do you understand what I'm saying? And we look, I'm I'm preaching to you. Yes. And I'm preaching to you. Yes. And I'm preaching to you young brothers. It's You understand? You listen. You You You got to write notes. There ought to be see I see some pins moving something because you need this cuz no matter how you know you may have been raised or the problems you had or the complexes what you have to do is you have to be able to set those things aside and say I'm dying out to self because I want my family to have a better way. I can't tell you how many nights I stayed up rubbing a belly and then when I think she was asleep and I'd put my hand down, she would reach up and grape and put that hand back up and I had to rub the belly for another half hour. It's a wonder that little baby skin didn't have calluses on that belly. But but that was her and I's thing. Do you understand what I'm saying? Because when when I'm dead and gone, if God carries, she'll remember that cuz she she had not just the thought, but she felt the love behind it. See, one one thing that that that if you if you you young brothers and getting ready to have children, remember this. you, especially you brothers, you think, well, when they get older, I'm going to No, no, no, no, no. Everything that you put in that child from 0 to 7 years old stays in their subconscious. So, you have to be mindful that it's not whenever they can walk. No, no. When that listen, when my children was babies, I was pouring into them. And you know, look, you say you look, you want rug rats, call them that. You want a rug rat, call him that. But but but if you want a child of God, call him the elect of God. That's exactly right. And and and and what I would do, listen, I lay him down with me, right? Uh uh uh Mina, Naomi was disarmed and Anna was disarmed and Rachel came along. She was on my chest and uh we'd lay on the floor at night and uh I'd ask some questions. Is this okay? Amen. I ask them questions. I say, "What's your favorite color?" They tell me the favorite color. And then I say, "Do you know that you're the elect of God?" And they say, "Yes, Daddy." And I say, "What's your favorite food?" "Pizza. Do you know that your name was put on the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world?" And they would say, "Yes, Daddy. See? And then I'd get quiet and they say, "Daddy, ask us questions." But see, brother, look, if you're worried about that paycheck, those are the moments you'll miss. That's right. And and and I hope I'm I'm not trying to stand up here as super dad because I have made so many mistakes and failures and it's the grace of God that my children are loving God and serving God right now. So I am not this ain't no soap box by any stretch of the imagination. But my point is is you you young brothers and you young sisters have to be mindful of those little moments in life because those are the times that you can really reach out and touch someone. But the same goes for our old our elder ones because there's moments that we can miss because we're so busy. And if we we can get caught up in this rat race of life and we miss all the opportunities to be able to touch someone. And it may not be a physical but just a word that you say, a text that you send, stopping by and just saying hello. It's being mindful and and and when you hear that their birthday is such and such a time that you put it on your calendar and you put it in your reminders that every year it pops up so that you'll be able to be the one to go, "Hey, happy birthday, sister." When everybody else forgets, you was the one that touched them that day. See, and and and and is it is it some Listen, that is the seventh seal on display. Cuz whose hands is he going to use? Whose mouth is he going to use? Whose feet is he going to walk in? Because Christ wants to come in every one of us and make himself known to everyone that we come in contact with every day of our life. I if if we ain't careful, we'll we'll get calloused by this thing called life. And and and if you know when we talk about sin so many times you know you know when we talk about sin sin is unbelief. So a lot of times when we say sin we think alcohol drugs you know some kind of filth on the internet or whatever. But it it sin is just unbelieving God's word. Right. So so so you can say yeah it's right. for me and and brother Brennham types uh uh sin is leprosy. Leprosy in the Bible, right? So So if you look at leprosy in the Bible, leprosy is something that happens gradually. It can take anywhere from six months to 20 years. And what it is is it numbs you and it's a thickening and a distortion of your flesh so that you can't touch. And so when we talk about sin, the moment we disbelieve God's word, any of God's word, that is leprosy. We are called to be believers and believers believe despite of the symptoms, right? I if if if we ain't brother says he says only God can cure leprosy, they don't they ain't found nothing for it to help it. But it's a type of sin. It sets in so gradual it's painless. And so if sin comes into our life, we can become numbed. So numb that the services don't move us like they used to. I've heard that before. I know where he's going. I've seen that. And the moment we do that, it begins to numb us. You know, I was I was talking to uh Sister Karen Sanders a couple weeks ago and uh she said something so profound to me. She she was sharing a testimony and uh uh was at the house and uh at her house and she Susan and I and she said uh she was talking about her testimony and she said she said she said I know what's in my alabaster box. And when she said that, it was like a thunderbolt in my soul. And I when I left when I left the house, it just it just kept ringing in my heart. I know what's in my alabaster box. And and if you know the story of when Jesus was s sitting in Simon's house and the unwelcome Christ sitting in there with dirty feet and even the footwash flunky had missed him. And can you imagine that? Everybody smelling the freshness. Your you ever notice, just a little side note, you ever notice how feel how good you feel after foot washing? You ever notice that? Just feel so fresh and just ah, right? You know, and think about that's how it was back in the day when you you had the dust and the dirt and they would wash your feet and they' anoint you just ah, right? And Jesus is the only one that's sitting there with dirty feet. And there's a woman with ill fame that sees that. And she's so she she had she had live ill fame life. And we all know the story. Brother Brandon dramatizes it so beautifully. and and but but brother Brandham when he when he tells that story, brother Brandham said that that when she when she went and bought that alabaster box and came in and wondered and what she should do and when she lays at his feet and brother Bram said she sn said she snapped off the top of it, she broke the seal. When she broke that seal of that alabaster box, how did she get that? What money did she use? Right. All of her livelihood. Brother Bram said she spent put all all that she had in that box. But when she broke that, she knew what was in that alabaster box. She knew the wrongs and the things that had been done in order for her to have that money. But she see but I but I ask you do you know what's in your alabaster box? Do we do we know what are we putting on defeat of Jesus? Do we know where we've been? The wrongs that we have done. with brother Gab. Stop. All of our righteousness is as filthy rags. And and you may have lived just clean and pure as a lily and that's good. But you what you know what's in your alabaster box? I tell you what you need to what you struggle with if you if you haven't already, you will. Is self-righteousness. Amen. Because you know, you know, one thing that just burns my heart is when somebody when you see somebody talking about somebody all tatted up in them drugs and they want to s with all this condemnation. Nine times out of 10 if somebody's filing somebody like that, they ain't ever been there. They ain't ever been there. They don't know what it's about. And because they look and if you look back they like they probably had a mom and daddy love God, serve God. But see if if you take a minute to really look at what's in your alabaster box, then you would take a minute and you'd realize what's in their alabaster box. And you may realize that that person that's all tatted out and and maybe all strung out, that's the only thing that they have. The only joy that they have is that little bit of alcohol or drug or whatever it may be. You've never been there, so you don't know what it's about. You don't know the sorrow that they're trying to drown out. You don't know the pain. See what is, brother Brandon says. What is brother Connis? to walk a mile in another man's shoes is to is to enter into the sufferings of somebody else. And if we want to come to that capstone, we first got to go to brotherly kindness. And that means we got to be able to enter in to the sufferings of one another and realize that that person, they may be bad, they may have done wrong, they may be wrong as the day is longed. But if you would run back that life, you may look at things a little bit differently. See, we can be so quick. And when we're so quick, we become untouchable. But when we step back for a moment and go, "Wait a minute." and we sit across the table of that person and you have a heart of compassion, that person starts opening up and then you realize, oh, oh man. See, if we ain't careful, we can have all this indocamation that we become untouchable. But really, in order to enter into one another's sufferings, we got to be able to put our feet against their feet and realize, "Oh man, my shoes won't fit them." And then we got to put our shoulders against their shoulders. See, brother Brandham, Brother Brandham, look, when brother Brandham, he he he did he he never had to worry about drugs. He wasn't strung out, but he never had that approach. He was always able to enter into the sufferings of that person. He had the ability to tap into that. And we live in a world that if we ain't careful, we can miss it. I I I I want to have that same type of life that that prophet of God had that I'll be able to tap in and and I'm talking about you think about brother Brandham listen and and and I touched on this but I want to touch on it again. Remember when brother Brandham said the house was all in chaos? I I want you to know I want you to see this this in Lime Ohio. I thought that was pretty good. And I want you to see this. When when when brother Brandham had been praying all day, discernments, remember that remember well Jesus had a discernment and it's troubled at his head for many days. One of the prophets in the scripture something remember brother Brandon had discernment after discernment after discernment, right? Think about we we have no idea how exhausted that man was. But I want you brothers to think of the last 16 18 hour day you had and you wor you only got four hours sleep you had to get up and do it all again and how tired you was. Maybe we have an idea of how he how he felt right. Brother Bam says I love this and I want you to I want you to see it. He says now I'm tired me I'm going to bed. You deal with the children. No, he said, "Now I'm tired, but I'm going to deal this now. Heavenly Father, in my heart, you help me to be what you would have me to be in on this scene." So, I slip over. I got the apron on. I put it around me. I begin. Now, I want you to I want you to understand. I want you to think about this. Did Brother Brandham need to put on the apron? So why did he do it? Cuz he was entering into her her sufferings. He was entering into her world. And so he puts on the apron. He says slipped over. He said, "Put my arm around." I began to help her. I said, "Honey, you know what? I saw the prettiest dress the other day. I just once wanted to get it for you. It was this certain city there close and we'll go get it." And all the time I'm praying in my heart, heavenly father, quieten this little dear woman. I put my hand on her. He didn't he didn't rebuke her in Jesus name. Hey brothers, I'll tell you I say this brothers, do you all know how to cut cast out a devil on your on your wife? Anybody? Anybody want to know how? It's okay brother. You listen. They're like, "Brother Gab, I'm not raising my hand, brother." Well, now you don't want to be tough. Now, you know, Brother V said, "How you cast out the devil on on your wife?" He said, "Buy a box of chocolates, go home, tell her you love her." That's what he said. He says, "Look, hold on. We'll go back to this. Hold on. Look. He says, he said, "Remind me a message morning." He said, "I try to cast out a devil." I said, "Devil, you come out of my wife. Devil, you come out of my wife. Honey, you're possessed with a devil. Come out, devil." I said, "That's fine, brother Fandler, but you go at it wrong." He said, "Well, how do you do it?" I said, "When you go home, buy a box of candy, give it to her, come at the door, put your arm around her, that's the way you cast out a devil. Love cast out fear, doesn't it? Love. See, that's to me. What's he What's he telling us? It's not fast and pray. Fast and pray and I'm going to Don't you know I'm going to head her down? No. No. Enter into her sufferings. Buy her a box of candy. Put your arm around her and tell her you love her. Watch what Brother Bram says. He says, I said, I put my hand on and knowing not knowing what I was doing. I said, yes, honey. Oh, it's beautiful. Oh Lord, quiet this little woman. I just kept on, you know, her not knowing what was I doing was projecting, creating a different atmosphere, walking in the love of God, had a fellowship. And in a few moments she got quiet. And then when she would got quiet, Sarah, Becky divided the play box. Joseph got him something to play with. And there was peace in the home. What was it projecting love? They were mine. My children, my wife, and I was God. He was God. wore out, exhausted. But what did he do? He died out to himself. Because remember, touching our family is not just a paycheck. It's not having a title deed in the safe deposit box. It's not having a 2025. It's not having six figures or seven figures in the bank account. Come on, brothers. But what is it? It's entering into the sufferings of our families. It's when our children act up that we we we think 12 year old thoughts instead of 51y old thoughts. And in order for a 50year-old man to think like a 12y old girl is not an easy task. Little challenging at times. and then flip into a 15y old and a 16 year old with license. But listen, if God give you those children, God equipped you to handle those children. But in order for you to handle that family, I'm learning more and more that in order for us to have the right relationship with our children and our family, we have to have the right relationship with our heavenly father. And that may seem so elementary and yeah, oh yeah, brother. Well, yeah, but apply it in your everyday life. Apply it when you put in that 16- hour day and you're tired and you want to just check out and go to the barn. Man, I ain't get no amens. Can I get some estrogen amens at least? I tell you what, I'm going to learn how to do a I need a I'mma find a amen sign like sign language and you sisters can be like [Laughter] it's the truth anyhow, right? I'm not pulling for amens. I'm just trying to tell you that listen friends, it it is not just me. We all play a part in this. And listen, is it is is it going to be easy? No. But I I I I when I get there, I want the Lord to say, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." And in order for us to do that, it's not just it's not just on the job, but but it's it's to me, Brother Bram said, it's not the big things that we don't do, it's the little things we leave undone. And and it's when we're tired. It's when we're tired can we be God. It's when we're wore out and we've had a bad day and we've had the greatest day ever. And when we walk in the door, y'all know when you walk in the door, you can tell the atmosphere ain't right. And you're like, uhoh. Should I run? Did they? You know, I'm the only one. They like four again. I know I'm big, but there's four of them. Brother Jad got some backup. You know what I mean? Oh, hey, you know, you know, you know your family. You could just walk in and it just that atmosphere and you're like, uhoh. You like you hear that you hear that horror movie uh music is like, oh man, where that come from? Right. Y'all [Laughter] ain't no need to hug brothers Chad. Squeeze brother Chad, right? But listen, hey, so it's it's when it's when we walk into that environment and we've had a great day, but instead of us talking about our great day, we start mediating and we set our great day aside. Or it's when we've had a bad day. Oh God, help us. Help us, Lord. Right? To me, friends, that's that's what I'm looking at my life. I'm saying, God, please, please, please help me. I want to be a Christian. I want to be a real Christian then. I want to be that right there all the time, right? like I if not if not what what to me when I when I see when I see this message um I didn't I didn't hardly get anywhere tonight. Um uh boy I tell you there's a I tell you in in order for this word I just got to share this with you. So, so this word, this is what I love about this message. This message makes it such a reality to me. Like when when when God makes himself known and and you see all the character like brother Chad been preaching and and God unveils himself as father, right? It makes you feel safe and secure. Then God unveils himself as friend. And right and and and and you you all you you you sisters, you young brothers, you all know there's there's things that you'll tell friend that you won't tell father. But that's why God covered the whole spectrum of husband, father, friend, son, brother. Yeah. He He's He's mother El cuz he wants us to understand everything that we have need of, he's our sufficiency. Amen. And and and so so when we think about the the the the message of the hour and what God has done and you know, Brother Bam talked about the the the the the first and second pool and and and we know the vision know it well, right? The first pool catching little itty bitty fish, second pool a little bit bigger and tangled all around him. Third bull is to catch the rainbow trout, right? How many is the rainbow trout? Right. Well, well, think about this. This is and I I want you to to think about this real quick. And I just I just I I'll try to close with this. It's 8:30. Brother Brandham, just for a little background, this right here, Brother Brandham is remember the first the first pull was the sign in the hand. He had have to he'd have to lay his hand on somebody and he'd see the vibrations and he and brother this was amazing. Brother Baron says sometimes I had to guess at it. I know it's what he said. It was I know that's what I said. I was like, "Wow, I didn't realize that." But it's it's there. He said, "I guessed." And uh he said it wasn't quite perfect. Uh and uh let's see. Um um uh well I can show it to you after church. Let me time for time sake. I don't want to try to find it but it it's in there. So he said but but in this right here at this transition between the first and the second pool brother Brandham has uh uh this is going to be the discerning of the hearts. And so it's in 1950, brother Brandham tells his story and it's a it's a sister that comes to him. Now watch this. Now remember, brother Bram says, "You have to know my ministry and things to understand these symbols, right?" So, so this is beautiful to me. So here's the transition. The prophet is transitioning from the first pool to the second pool. And there's a sister, a woman that stands before him. Coincidence? Nope. Right. So to me, anytime I see Brother Brandham, I look at him just like Elijah, Elisha, right, with a woman and all these, you know, all those are symbols and shadows, right? Just like Jesus. He's a prophet, right? And so here's a woman. She's got back trouble, but she also got she's also blind in one eye. And so she's blind in one eye. And brother Brandham, he starts discerning. She says, "And there she went back again. I seen a young lady about 16 years old, and she had just run just as hard as she could. And she had a blue ribbon tied in the back, double plat hanging on the back. And she was on a checker dress and she was running real fast. And I looked and there was a big yellow dog chasing her. I see the young lady with a checker dress begin to tell what I was seeing. Looked in front of me and she she goes up on the porch and I seen a lady take her in run and she started screaming. She said, "That was me when I was going to school." said, "I never thought of it before in my life." Now, this sister is coming to the prophet for healing of the eye and back trouble. But the angel of the Lord saw something deeper because remember the word of God is a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. That's what that's how powerful this message is. Because there's things when I see this sister, there was problems in her life that she didn't know she had until she stood before the prophet. And the angel of the Lord went way back into her life. She was going there for something superficial, right? But God was going deeper. And that's like what this message does to us. We go thinking that once we stop I remember when I thought, man, when I stopped drinking and all drugging, all boy, I'm going to have it all. Nope. You just scratching the surface, brother. Right. And then that word starts coming and it starts doing heart surgery on us, right? How many of us h have have been in a service and the preaching of the word comes at us so straight that it starts uncovering things in our lives that we didn't even realize was there through the service. And that same thing happens. So what I what I want what to me what it means is when that second pool we saw it transition from the first into the second and it unlocks something within that sister she didn't know she had. But the beautiful thing is is in that third pool when that third pool happened and that word unlocked to that prophet it unlocked something in him friends it unlocked the mystery of his life cuz remember when when when that when that seal released and he he said remember he said he said it was the thing that I wondered my whole life. Right. What was it? What to me? I hope you understand. He wondered was he Malachi 4 or not? Was he Revelation 10:1-7? Was that him? But when that sword in the hand come and and the seals became revealed, he said, "It's the thing that I wanted my whole life." He didn't know if he was just going to be making a platform for another man to step on or not. But when that seven revealed, it unlocked what? The mystery of him. But listen, don't stop there. Praise God. Because the third pool should unlock the mystery in you. Amen. Cuz it's not what was the whole point of the third pool. It wasn't so brother Brandham could fish. The whole point of the third pool was to catch you. Amen. It's when this message comes into our life, it unlocks the mystery within you. You you have to see that you are that covenant fish when when when you listen to the seventh seal and brother Bam talks about the third pool. You have to realize mama that's me. When you listen to the three kind of believers and you're saying amen, amen. and you get to the pop quiz at the end of the message and brother Bram says if you still got the tape on and you ain't turned it off and you're in agreement you are a believer. You are a covenant fish. Come on, friends. You or or Well, well, I can I can kind of see back problems and well, you can remember he's the high priest of your confession. Amen. And he can only deliver as we confess. Do we want to live a million miles below our profession? No. We want to we want we want to attain to the prize. If if if that seventh seal will unlock the mystery in that prophet, then what ought this message ought to do to us? It ought to unlock the mystery of our lives. And if the whole thing is that God would become uh he'd create all of this world, everything we see so that he could touch and feel and then we realize that this message has come unto us and it's unlocked the mystery in our lives. What ought it do to us in our everyday individual lives? We ought to be the happiest people on the face of this earth. Amen. I don't I don't care what your bank account looks like. I don't care what bills you got. I don't care how old your car is, how rusted it is, what your what your salary is. It listen. If you have him, you have everything. But it just depends upon your vantage point. What are we looking at? Amen. And I ask you, what what are we trying to as we stand? What what are we trying to touch in this last day? Are we trying to make it in our own abilities? Musicians, as you come, are we trying to make it or are we going to let this word Are we going to let the sword of this word come down and divide? Because remember it was a it was a discerner right of the soul and the spirit and the joints and the mar of the bone that the king's sword was not meant just for the prophet because brother Brandham says that he was he he says he says in the seven seals he said Lord I pray that you'll help me sis if you if brother you play something soft he says I'm beginning to fade away Lord I know my days can't be too many more. I pray that you'll help me. Let me be true, Lord, and honest and sincere that I might be able to bear the message as far as it's ordained for me to bear. And then it comes to time that I must lay it down. When I get down to the river and the waves begin to come again, come in. Oh God, may I be able to hand this old sword over to somebody else that'll be honest with it, Lord, and will pack the truth. Grant it, Lord. [Music] And I believe I believe that I'm preaching to those recipients that that prophet said would come. [Music] because that he we may not naturally hold that tangible the king's but listen the sword is his word. Brother Brandham said it was the word in the hand and it takes a strong hand of faith to hold this promise. He said, "Brother, I've been holding it for years." Well, keep on holding. Amen. You know, I I I noticed one of the descriptions of that of that sword. Brother Bram said it had a guard over it, right? So, you know how perfect God is because remember what guards our faith? Cuz in order for us to hold this sword and will it against the ws of the devil, we have to be covered. And brother Brandham said it keeps the lances off of us and it's God's word that's covering us. It's protecting us. It's not in our own ability. It's nothing that we can do. It's only what we can yield ourselves to. Brother, brother Brenham tells us, Brother Bham tells us in this uh in this uh uh uh uh three kinds of believers when he's talking about David, he said, "David, nowhere to hit but that one little place when he dropped down his cover over his face. One place to hit was right here in his forehead." And before he could get with any distance to that giant, God directed the killing mark and slew the giant. See, God did it. Now, we notice he was a believer. [Music] So, was it David's practice and ability? And no. No. Is it our prowess or how well we're going to study and we're going to really apply ourselves and we're going I'll listen to a message every night. And then we fall asleep. No, it it's going to take relationship. It's going to take relationship with Jesus Christ if we want to slay those giants that are in our lives. We we all fall short of the kingdom of God. I every one of us, right? But listen, if if if we have him, we have everything. And that giant that stands before us tonight, there's no way in our own ability we'll be able to slay him. But he can. He can. So, as we come to a close, bow our heads, maybe close our eyes, I just want to take a minute maybe uh maybe you could take just a little bit of time of inventory and ask yourself, Lord, Have you become untouchable, brother? Is is the busyiness of of Lady Oia got you so overwhelmed that there's no time to put on the apron and by the time you get home, you're ready to check out. Listen, I I I'm I am not standing in the seat of the scornful here because I've been there, too. But could we raise a hand and say, "God, I I need your help, sister." Maybe maybe you're overwhelmed and you got all this thing worked up in your mind. Could you raise a hand and say, "Lord, help me to set aside some time to touch your throne." Young brother, young sister, could we raise a hand to him and say, "Lord, I I need a new touch. I need a fresh feeling of your spirit. The old soldiers, brother, sister been fighting 20, 30, 40, 50 years in this Christian way. Maybe feeling a little left out and lonely and isolated. Could you raise a hand to him tonight and say, "Lord, I I need a renewing." [Music] Look, this this life is not easy, but there's somebody here that can help us. If we just look to him, I'm sure he would walk our way. And could we open up our hearts and say, "Lord, I I'm standing in the need of prayer." Maybe just take a moment and search our lives and take inventory. If there's questions, let it let the answer come to you tonight that you can have that peace that passes all understanding. [Music] I just encourage you to take this moment to [Music] talk to him. [Music] Precious Lord, truly we're so thankful, Lord, for the word that's been sent to us in this day. Lord, it's so precious that you've shined upon us your merited grace. [Music] We're grateful, Lord, as my brothers and sisters look into the corridors of their heart. I pray that your great Holy Spirit would just walk alongside them and help them to see the errors of their ways. Lord, help me to see the errors of my ways. Lord, I I want to be your hands. And I I know my brothers and sisters, they want to be your hands. And Lord, we've raised our hands to you tonight in surrender, asking you to become possessors of our hands. Lord, that you would help us to surrender to you in such a way that we would be meat for the master's use, God. that we'd be able to set aside this world and the hustle and bustle and we'd be able to find quiet time to get alone and to renew ourselves and refresh ourselves in your presence. Lord that we'd take time to read and dedicate ourselves aresh seek your face. We know the day is far spent and uh there's so many things, so many channels that pull against us, Lord. But I pray that your channel would become clearer and clearer and become brighter and brighter. you see the needs of my brothers and sisters and I I pray for each one that you would hear that cry under that hand that was raised and hear their famous cry. God, we love you and we praise you and we just commit all we are into your hands and we ask all these things to be so in Jesus lovely name. Amen. Let's sing that song that you pray that soften my heart. Yeah. Let's sing it together. How many is that your prayer this evening? Amen. Soften my heart. Oh Lord, come soften my heart. [Music] Oh, from all in Lord set me aart. Anybody need prayer tonight? Anyone pastor to feel your compass [Music] to weep with your tears. [Music] He comes off in my heart. Oh Lord, soften my heart. Sing that again. Oh, soften my heart. Lord comes off in my heart [Music] from all inance. [Applause] Lord set me aart [Music] to feel your compassion [Music] to weep with your tears. Come soften my heart. Oh Lord, soften my heart. [Music] Amen. I thank God that he keeps pulling us back to himself. And man, he loves us. He won't let us get tied up and tangled up in the world and too busy. But he'll remind us always and draw us back to himself. And I thank God for that. And this is why we come to church. This is why we have fellowship. This is why we're constantly in the word. We come, brother said, we don't come to see our good parts. We come to see our bad parts. Not that we were shown our bad parts, but we come to recalibrate the true north. Amen. We have our compass and we can walk and if we don't keep recalibrated to what's most important in life and why we're here and what God wants to do, we could start drifting. So, we come to church and God will use a brother like brother Gabe to come and take the word and dial us back to true north. So, we realize we're here for a purpose and God wants to use us every day and all the situations we find ourselves in. Some God wants to use somebody in every situation. Sometimes we're standing around looking around saying, "Man, I wish God would fix this." But maybe he wants to use us to fix it. Maybe we're the vessel he wants to use. Maybe we're the one he wants to use in the home and we're the one he wants to use in work. We're the one he wants to use in the church. And I just want to say, God, help me to be sensitive. Soften my heart so that I can be a vessel you can work through everywhere I'm at. Amen. I appreciate the word of God. I appreciate Brother Gabe. And I appreciate the opportunity to recalibrate, to be quiet, and say, "Hey, God, help me to shut out all this noise and come back to what's most important." Amen. We're going to ask uh we're going to pray. We're going to ask God's blessing over the word we heard to help us take it home. We're going to dismiss in prayer. Let's pray together. Lord, we thank you for what we've heard. Lord, as we dismiss, Lord, and we're going to leave this atmosphere soon and go home because Lord, there's things you've called us to a life. You've called us to live, Lord. As we go to bed and wake up and go do the things you've called us to do, that's what you want us to do, Lord. Because you've called us to be your hands, your feet, Lord, your mouth, your eyes. But you've called us to live a human life, Lord, so you can manifest through each one of us, whatever capacity we're in, wherever you called us to, whether home or at work or wherever. But Lord, we want to be more sensitive to that. that we want to be awakened to what you're doing inside of us for you're healing us, Lord. You're you're you're encouraging us. You're renewing us, Lord, so that you can use us. That you can use us to touch somebody else's life. That you can use us to shine light in a dark place. That you can use us as a solution to wherever the problems are. And God, we want to be dialed in. We want to be healed. We want to be corrected, Lord. We want to be encouraged. We want to be, we want to receive this word, Lord, so that it can do a work in us. So that you can use us to do a work in this world, a work in our workplaces, a work in our homes, a work with our families. We want to be those vessels that you can use. Dial us in, Lord, and make us more sensitive to the leading of your spirit. May we catch those nudges, Lord, that you're trying to move us along and use us for something or speak through us or help through us. May we become more sensitive to that, Lord. May we be dialed into your frequency that you can work through us easily, Lord, like you've done through all your children down through time. May we be dialed into that frequency of your word, of your life, of your spirit. And may we be vessels that you could work through. We pray you bless our brother Gabe. We thank you for his surrender. May you restore him and refresh him and replenish him and use him again. Lord, we all want to leave here, Lord, with these things in mind. And may we wake up still meditating on them, Lord. And may it change the way we we we focus, the way we look at the world and the day and our lives. We love you, God. We ask your blessings over all of these things as we dismiss and go. Keep your children safe along the way. And may you have preeminence amongst each of one of us. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Brother Riley, if you have a song. Oh, soften my heart, Lord. [Music] Come soften my heart. [Music] Oh, and from all in [Music] Lord set me aart [Music] to feel your comfort. passion to weep with your tears. [Music] Come soft in my heart, oh Lord. Soften my heart. Give me touch through me. Touch through me. Holy Spirit touch through me. [Music] Let my hands reach out to others. Touch through me. [Music] There's a lonely soul somewhere needing just one friend to care. So touch through me. Holy Spirit touch through me. Verse one again. touch through me. Holy Spirit, touch through me. Let my hands reach out to others. touch to me. There's a lonely soul somewhere needing just one friend to care. Touch through me. Holy Spirit, touch through me. Flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] I will be your house to dwell in flow through me. Let me be that good Samaritan to some else in need. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. and love through me. Holy Spirit, love through me to be an adopted son of God. love through me. May the Holy Spirit say of me, "Father, he's acting exactly like me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Love through me. Verse five. Walk in me, Holy Spirit. Walk in me. [Music] You are looking for human temples walk through. [Music] May my body be to thee. Oh, a dwelling place for thee. Walk in me, Holy Spirit, walk in me. Oh, and love through me. Holy Spirit, love through me. [Music] I will be my brother's keeper. Love through me. [Music] Hearts are bleeding deep inside. Look and dry their weeping eyes. Love through me. Holy Spirit, love through me. Let's sing that verse again. [Music] and love through me. Holy Spirit, love through me. I will be my brother's keeper. Love through me. Hearts are bleeding deep inside. Look and dry their weeping eyes. So love through me. Holy Spirit guide me.
