################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 250409 - Chad Lamb Never Stop - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   250409 - Chad Lamb: Never Stop
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgVtFbhhNlo
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt at Calary. He cleans my soul and he set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. And I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. And now he's coming back for me. I'll live with him eternally. Oh, it's been glorious to see him in this day. I now will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Verse one again. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt when I could never pay [Music] in this beautiful valley that he's put me in. I'm learning to trust and draw strength from him. I'll not despise the lessons he gives. For in this beautiful valley, I'm learning to live. The shadows around can't hide the sun or hold back the dawning of a new day to come. Walking beside me is Jesus, God's son. And he'll ever be with me till the testing is done in this beautiful [Music] valley that he's put me in. I'm learning to trust and draw strength from him. I'll not despise the lessons he gives. For in this beautiful valley I'm learning to live. When there's a lesson for learning, he'll take you aside to walk in the [Music] valley, close by your side. [Music] upon the [Music] mountain. Sweet blessings he gives. But down in the valley is where we learn to live. in this beautiful valley that he's put me in. I'm learning to trust and draw strength from him. I'll not despise the lessons he gives. For in this beautiful valley I'm learning to [Music] live. I'll not despise the lessons he gives. For in this beautiful [Music] valley I'm learning to [Music] live. I look back in history, I see a mighty God unveiled, proving over and over, that his word will never fail. But I'm not just dwelling on a past [Music] memory. For the same God is living in me. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who bened the raing red sea. And he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] For the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that he's the same God who's living in me. He's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who pardoned the raging res and he's the same God who's living in me. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see [Music] Jesus to reach out and touch him and say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to live. [Music] Open our eyes, [Music] Lord. We want to see Jes once more. Open our eyes, Lord. [Music] We want to see Jesus to reach out and touch [Music] him. Yes. Say that we love him. Open our ears for help us to live. [Music] Open our eyes. We want to see Jesus. [Music] Amen. God bless you all. Let's bow our heads together. And dear heavenly father, we're so thankful to be here once again. Lord, I'm so happy to be back home and be back in the sanctuary with the saints. And we thank you for watching over us and them in our time of separation. And now we're together again to worship you, Lord, to sing your praises, to hear your word, to commune with you, Lord. We pray, Lord, that you come and take this vessel under your control and speak, Lord, words of life. Give us guidance, instruction, encouragement. Lord, talk to us, Lord, and give us ears to hear, heart to perceive, and a desire for all that you have for us. We love you, and we thank you for the privilege of being here once again. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Well, God bless you. You can have your seats for just a minute. Thank you, musicians. I bring greetings from Arizona. Amen. I have been in blue skies and sunshine and perfection of weather for seven days and uh I've been back home for a little over 24 hours now and it's not the same. So it makes you appreciate where we've been. Amen. So it's good to be here. I think I saw Sister Nancy Marorrow. God bless you. It's so good to have you in the service. It's been a long time since NY's been in the service with us. So Amen. It's good to see her there. And also appreciated the special tonight. Thank you sisters for that. It was wonderful. Thank you Riley once again for leading the songs. Amen. I I just uh wanted to talk to you for a minute and just give a little trip report before we got into the word. So just relax. We're not going to turn to our Bibles right away. Amen. I I just wanted to share with you what a wonderful trip we had. And thank you all for praying for us. Also wanted to thank the brothers who preached while we're away. Brother Gabe, he preached for us on the Wednesday. And then uh brother Chris Tate preached and I got to listen to both services back to back on the plane rides coming home and I was blessed by them both and enjoyed them very much. And I called brother Gabe and told him I said I listened to your message. It was wonderful brother. I was touched cuz that was the title of a sermon touched. Amen. Right there in the airplane I got touched. Amen. And I reached out and touched. But it was quite a blessing and uh we we really appreciated it and we ask you to pray for brother Gabe uh this weekend. He'll be out in Oregon. So he flies out on Friday to be out with brother Rich Cobb there in Oregon. So we appreciate you praying for him and remembering him. He's going without his family this time. So really pray for him. Amen. I'm sure he'll appreciate that. Uh also wanted to bring greetings to you from everybody. Like so many people wanted to send greetings back, especially for brother Aaron and sister Naomi and brother Ben and sister Lori. Everybody said to tell you hello. Everybody loves you guys and they they still remember you and love you. They haven't forgotten. And then the Bradner family, their family, and the Lao family, they all send back greetings and and uh so many. We saw Sister Arlene Loker's sister there and her brother-in-law. Amen. And it was good to see them. And Amanda Seabolt's got family out there, the Yes. and then they said hello and they wanted me to send greetings back to you all. So there's everybody and there's so many people come up to me and said wanted to send greetings back because they remember coming to the family camps for years and years and years and they all they have so many names they ask are they there? How's this family doing? And and so it was really it was really fun to see them all down there. And then a special greeting the most special of all from brother Matthew Erent. Amen. We got to see him and he's doing very well. Sister Janet, you'd be proud of him. He's doing really well. And one day, we're in the uh back in brother uh uh Ron's um study in the pastor study. And here comes Matthew walking in asking for notes that he can put on the projector and he's part of the audiovisisual tech team working out there. So, he's he's entered right in and doing a work and he's doing really really well. So, it was good to see him. So, he sends greetings. And then we also got to see uh brother Sal, sister Marge Marzulli while we were down there. So that was good. And also, Brother David and Diane and Sister Ruth Deanhart were all down there. They were all down there already, and they just come to the meetings. So, it was like a little reunion we had in Arizona. It was great. We just missed the rest of you all. You should have come down. Amen. Also, Brother Jonathan Barb Gardener and his daughter Emma were down. They went down and and then after the meetings, they got to go see the Grand Canyon. I didn't get to see that part, but that was a blessing. And brother David Evans was down. I was shocked to see him there. he came down and was there in the meeting. So, it was really a wonderful time and it was a lot of fun. And I want to bring back special greetings from brother Jason Watkins. He he ministered there as well and he wanted me to greet all of you and he's got quite a history here with the church from the years that he did missions work with brother Lonnie especially the Russian work uh for the Russian speaking bride. Then brother Ron Peterson wanted to send greetings. Then I also had a chance when I was coming back into Phoenix to see brother Aaron McGary and spend some time with him and he sent greetings as well. So it was it was really good. It was a wonderful time. Amen. I went down a few days early and um because I wanted to go down to Tucson to go to Sabino Canyon. So I took some pictures. I wanted to show some pictures to you because I wanted to go up uh in the place where some of the supernatural things that happened to brother Brandham. And while I was there, it just worked out that I could get away a couple days early and and I really wanted to go and clear my mind before the meetings and things had been busy leading up to it. And it was just what the doctor ordered. It was just perfect. And so I got to spend an entire day in Sabino Canyon by myself and I end up hiking about 7 miles through the canyon and it was absolutely lovely. So this picture here, I mean, I'm sorry to show this to you because the blue hurts your eyes. I mean, it's so sunny and so blue and so painful to look at. I told my wife, I said, "The sky is so blue it hurts, you know." And I was like, "What's the weather there?" "It's raining." Oh, sorry. But here's some cactus right at the visitor center at the beginning to uh Sabino Canyon. And we know that the Lord had called Brother Brandham to Sabino Canyon. It was a special place. And he had a significant events happen a couple different times while he was up there. And so I wanted to go see it. I started off by going all the way down to the uh creek that was down there. And it's amazing to see water flowing in the desert in the bottom of this canyon. And it reminded me of that scripture like streams in the desert. And it was just beautiful down there. And the whole place was stunning. This is a picture from up on the trail looking down at the canyon. And if you look down at that V at the far end, that's the valley. You're looking at Tucson, the city of Tucson right there. And if you listen to the tapes, Brother Ram talks about that. I was up there and I could look down over the valley and see Tucson. And it was really quite amazing. And I wanted to go see the place where uh the rock was that had the white eagle, the white quartz written on it that Brother Vim talks about. And uh and going up to it, uh there's some significant markers. I'd never seen it before, but I read a document brother Perry Green had put together about how he found it. And I was just hoping that I would be able to find it. So, I was up by myself in there and looking around and it took me about an hour. I found some of the markers, but I couldn't find it. And just before I was ready to quit, that's the way it always goes. After an hour almost of searching, I found it. Amen. And and uh but one of the significant markers is there's a a formation called the Eagle Formation. And it's up here perched up on this rock. It looks like an eagle. Amen. Looking sideways. And the back of the eagle's there. And when you're there, you can really really see it looking down and where it's looking to, it's looking right towards this rock. And so when I saw that, I knew I was close. And I was like, "That's it. I'm here." But here was not here. I was looking all over. I thought I found the rock. And then I compared it to a picture I downloaded. I said, "That's not the rock." And I sat on a rock and I looked around and I walked back and forth and I was all over the place. And then uh and then I I'd gone a little further. I went a little further back in the canyon and I started comparing and I dropped down off the the the trail and I turned around and there was the rock right there's the rock where in white quartz there was eagle written and many of you know but I don't know that all of the young people would know this but this was a humongous rock that rock you're picking it's like a pyramid-shaped rock there goes into the form of a pyramid the top of that it's about 7 feet high when you stand right up against it uh it's over my head by a long shot. It's a huge rock, but this rock was split in half cuz the trail used it's up above this rock now. It used to go down in front of that. And to make the trail, they drilled holes and blasted it and split it. And you can look down over the hill and see the other half, which is as big as this humongous, humongous rock. So that means when this rock was formed, however it was formed, however many thousands, millions, who knows how many years ago, God had put a vein of quartz in the center of this rock and it would spell out the word eagle in English. Yeah. Before there was English, there was a white quartz vein that said eagle and and it was bound up in the middle of the rock cuz the revelation's in the rock. Amen. And for some reason, Amen. the the Department of Natural Resources just figured we better bring the trail here, but oh this gigantic rock, why don't we blast it by dynamite right in the middle? And when they blew it in half, right in the middle of the rock was the white rock. Amen. That said eagle. And so you can see it doesn't say eagle anymore because shortly after it was found, people started chipping off the courts. And if you look at it, you can see pock marks all over it. Even all over the rock face is pockm mark for people have been hammering and beating on it and taking away souvenirs. So I guess the Catholic spirit still lives on wanting relics and tokens and things. So it's a shame that it's broke up like that. But it was just a pleasure to stand there and that's where brother Ben was leaning against this rock with his hands in the air praying and God says what's what's that under your heart? What's under under your chest? And he looked down and that's when he saw eagle there. And so it's just beautiful the way the Lord led him. But if you look at the eagle, if you look up at the precipice there, you can see the eagle formation looking down at the eagle rock. And so it's amazing. You should all go see it. And if you need a tour guide, I'll go with you. Amen. So then we come out of the trail and we went the other direction. And if you look back into the canyon, you can see this mound of rock. That's a huge mound. It doesn't look so big from the picture, but on the top of that mound is Pullpit Rock. And this is where Brother Brennan was standing when the Lord placed a sword in his hand. And so there's a picture of it from across a part of the canyon. We hiked over to it. This is Pullpit Rock when you get up to it. And uh when you stand up on it, I had a book. I had my little backpack, a little daypack that I had with some water and things that I had for the hike. And I had slipped in there a little book that I was reading on the plane ride. And it's this book here, Stature of a Perfect Man. And that's on top the pull pit. So if you're standing at the pull pit, you're preaching through the cactus. And uh it's but it's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful scene. Amen. I got a little video. I took a panoramic from being up. It's like there you're down in the canyon and it's like you're halfway up the canyon wall and there's this precipice that comes out, just juts up and you just stand up there and and that's where this is at. And uh I'll show you this little video that I did a little panoramic. That's Tucson down there straight down the canyon. And then you can see the canyon walls. And you can look down. I'll pan down here in a second. You'll see that little creek way down in there. And it's quite far away. And the canyon goes way way back in there. And it's so rugged. And there's pull pit rock. It's so rugged and so rough. You can see why the prophet loved it. I mean, such a rough place. There's the canyon walls going up. And there's that little divot right there where Brother Perry Green said he believes that time of day, that time of year, that's where that light came through to hit that sword. So, it was shining in the light right through there. And then that's just a 360 degree view of that. And then you'll see a little trail going along here. That's the trail we hiked out of the canyon on all the way back to the visitor center. And so that was wonderful. That was a wonderful time and I just appreciate you guys all giving me the privilege of going and spending a couple days down there. Feel like it was really good for me. It was really good to be away and be by myself actually because I could stay as long as I wanted. I wasn't worried about if somebody wanted to stay longer or go or see something else. I was just there and I could spend some time just walking around. And I mean there was no significant thing happened. No sword hit my hand when I was at Pulp Prick Rock because I'm not the prophet of the age. But I just felt privileged to see those things and to be there and you could see why he was attracted to that place. And you know, none of that was Brother Benham's idea. God put all that there for him to discover. And when when God was going to put the sword in his hand, he called him up to Sabino Canyon. He said, "Get you up to Sabino Canyon." And he went with a little tablet of paper. And so that was God's idea. So God chose that place for that reason. and I just really enjoyed being there. So, I stayed a couple days down there. Then coming back into Phoenix, I got to stop and visit Brother Aaron McGee and and they're doing really well. The church there is doing good and he sends back greetings and I'm hoping we get a chance to have him here sometime this year. And so, we'll see if that works out in the schedule at all. So, then um from there, we went to the meetings. The meeting started Friday. It was myself and brother Jason Watkins. He took the Friday night. I took Saturday morning. He had Saturday night and then um I had the Sunday morning service. And so it was really wonderful to see Jason again. I hadn't seen him and talked to him in quite a number of years. And brother Jason was very very influential for me early on when I first come to the message and he like I said he was quite involved in the church and in missions work and I just really always respected the brother and always uh enjoyed his ministry. So, it was really a privilege to get to see him and talk to him again. And we had a wonderful time there. And the meetings were fantastic. The atmosphere was good. And I want to appreciate all of you guys for praying. Many of you text me. You let me know and told me that you would be praying. And I certainly certainly felt it. It was it was wonderful. Um, it was a good time for me and I felt like the Lord really blessed it. And I'll tell you more about that as we get into the message because I'm I'm actually going to preach something that brother Jason preached. And I'm not going to preach the same thing, but it inspired something inside of me. And I just want to share that inspiration with you. Amen. Uh coming home, I was ready, you know, to relax and just ride. And I and I was uh first flight, I listened to both of the services that were preached here. Second flight, I just took out my Bible. I got a little bit smaller Bible I use when I travel. And I'm reading my Bible and I'm sitting there and then uh an older lady came and she sat next to me and we're I open my Bible and all of a sudden I heard her go, "Oh my I didn't know what happened." She goes, "I love it. I'm a Christian, too." I was like, "Yeah, praise the Lord." I mean, that's good. Cuz I was reading my Bible. She goes, "What version are you reading?" and I told her and she asked me questions and we just talked for a little bit, but then it was time to take off and then you had to go through all the uh the the security announcements and we took off and so I read a little bit and then I dozed off a little bit and I woke up and they were bringing the serving carts through giving drinks and and I started reading again and I'm reading and I can feel her watching me. She very nice lady and and and I I could just feel there's a question coming and I just closed my eyes and said, "Lord, help me." And all of a sudden uh and I just said, "Lord, I'm here for your use." And she asked a question and then one question led to another question, another question, another question, another question. And we went to we went through I mean, I can't even tell you how we got from where we were to where we were. And we covered so many things. And when we got to the end of it, she goes, she goes, "What Bible school did you go to?" I said, "So, I didn't go to Bible school." I said, "I was a mechanic when the Lord called me to the ministry." And she goes, "That's good." And so, she was raised Catholic and she was going to a non-denominational church. And we talked about that. But when we were done, when it was all done, she goes, "That is so beautiful the way you explain the scriptures. I never heard it explained like that." We were talking about the sacrifice of Jesus, the blood of Jesus, the life of Jesus and the life coming back to the church on the day of Pentecost and and all of these things. And so before we left, she asked what church, you know, I attended and where we were at and and she got the name. So I don't know what God will do, but it was a it was a pleasure just to share the word with somebody. And she was so excited and she so loved. And every time that happens to me, I so realize what we have is so precious. that just talking just the things that are simple, foundational, basic to us are lifechanging to other people. It was life-changing to us when we first heard it. But sometimes we forget how exceptional this word is and what an understanding we have of every everything goes deeper with the message. Every doctrine, every Christian doctrine, baptism, amen, uh uh the crucifixion, blood atonement, you you name it. anything you want to talk about, it goes so deep and rich and all over the place with the message. And so that was just a tremendous blessing. And so we just prayed that the Lord would bless her. And she was so respectful and so kind and so happy and so loved the word. We just prayed God's blessings be upon her as well. Amen. Let's all stand. I'd like to read a scripture. I'm not going to keep you all night. I intentionally brought very few notes to the pull pit. So that's either going to be really good or really bad. So, we're just going to pray that God has his way and we're going to relax and rest ourselves, you and I together, and we're going to see what what happens, what God wants to do. Uh, just before we turn to the scriptures, we're going to turn to Second Kings. So, if you want to turn to Second Kings, I just want to give you an update on Sister Karen Keer. I just spoke to her earlier today and she's doing well. She's recovering. They're at the hospital feeling better and uh she should get to go home tomorrow and it looks like her daughter will probably come in Friday and be able to stay some time with her. So just keep her in prayer that she makes a good full recovery, but she sounded great on the phone. She was in good spirits and it was good to talk to her. Also, I got word brother Jean Petri had a hip surgery uh while I was away too over the weekend. I think it was Thursday or Friday and he's recovering and the hip surgery went well. So just keep him in prayer as he recovers and just pray that the Lord will really touch him and bless him as well. Amen. Also, just before we read and pray, I want to give a special thank you to the trustees and all the brothers that helped them hang these panels in the back, these sound panels. I let you know that we we were going to do that, but when I came in, it was just beautiful. They did a good job. And it looks like they just did a few sound panels, but there's way more up above in the black area that you can't see than down below. I think there's 63 panels that they hung. They had a few helpers come and help them and they hung them all on Saturday. Did a fantastic job. And Brother Franco and Sister Amy are already seeing wonderful results and it's been a real blessing for the audio system. So, we want to appreciate all of them. God bless you all. Thank you all so much. Amen. They take care of things so much all the time and it goes unnoticed. I want to thank him whenever we get a chance to do that. Amen. So, let's look at 2 Kings 13. Let's go to chapter 13. 2 Kings 13 and verse 14. 2 Kings 13 and 14. Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, "Oh, my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof." And Elisha said unto him, "Take bow and arrows." And he took unto him bow and arrows. And he said to the king of Israel, "Put thine hand upon the bow," and he put his hand upon it. And Elisha put his hands upon the king's hands, and he said, "Open the window eastward." And he opened it. Then Elisha said, "Shoot." And he shot. And he said, "The arrow of the Lord's deliverance and the arrow of deliverance from Syria, for thou shalt smite the Syrians and Aphek, till thou hath consumed them." And he said, "Take the arrows." And he took them. And he said unto the king of Israel, "Smite upon the ground, and he smoked thrice, and stayed." And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, "Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times. Then hast thou smitten Syria till thou hast consumed it. Whereas now thou shalt smite Syria, but thrice. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats and may the Lord help us as we look at his word and bless us with understanding and revelation. Amen. Amen. Brother uh Jason Watkins, he preached two services while we were there. The first one Friday night and then Saturday night. And I felt I felt for me both of those services were personally for me. I benefited so greatly from them and the things that he shared and the things that he said and especially the second service. The second service he preached on uh onward and upward. So I encourage you all to go listen to it if you hadn't. Amen. It was a real blessing for me uh onward and upward. And he come to the conclusion by the end of the service that that the only place for us to go is onward. There's no turning back. There's no going backwards. There's only forward progression. But at the end, he came to the conclusion, Amen. We all came to the conclusion together that onward is upward. That the only way to go upward is to go onward. And if you go onward, you're going upward. Amen. And we are here in the rapture season. And the bride goes up word by word. We're being lifted into another dimension by the word. And so the only way upward is onward. So onward is upward. And I was absolutely so blessed by the service. And uh as I was meditating, I had another subject I was going to preach when I got home and I was just so inspired traveling home and thinking about the services, I there was there was another thought the Lord shared with me that I just wanted to share with you. And so if you'll allow me to regurgitate what I've been eating on, Amen. We'll enjoy it all together. Amen. When you look here at at this story of Elisha, Elisha is going to be taken off the scene and Joash the king now understands that what we're losing is something terrific. Amen. We're losing the prophet. Amen. In this prophetic gift and he and he calls him the father of Israel and the horsemen thereof. He's the strength of Israel. He's the leadership, the headship and the strength. And they're losing this great prophet. And he tells him, "Take thy bow and thy arrow and open the window." And puts his hand upon it and they shoot. And he says, "This is the deliverance of the Lord. He's going to deliver you from your enemies. Deliver you from uh Syria." So he's got this great experience with the prophet where the prophet is prophesying his final prophecy to the king that this is the Lord's deliverance. And you think finished. Period. Done. This is the Lord's deliverance. But then he says, "Now take your arrows." Mhm. See, now this shooting the arrow was the with the assistance of Elisha, he put his hand upon the bow and his hand upon his hand and shoot and he shot. So with the guidance and assistance of Elisha, he shot the arrow and he said, "Now this is the deliverance from Israel." But now he says, "Take thy arrows and smite them up on the ground." So he took his arrows and he smoked them three times. Bang, bang, bang. And Elisha gets upset with him. Yeah. And he says,"Wh did you only smite it three times? You should have done it at least five or six times. So now you only have a partial victory. You only smite them three times, but you should have smoked more till you would have smoked them till you consumed your enemy." And we we we we look at this and say, "My, this is so how did he how would he have known? How would he how did he know what to do?" Or how many times what would I have done if I was in that position? How many times would I that the prophet didn't tell him what to do or how to do it? And can you imagine how heartsickening it would be for the prophet to tell you now you're not going to get it? Yeah. You missed it, right? Oh man, I can't imagine what that would be like. And you say, "What what what was happening here?" And you know, scripture has such depth of meaning. I don't know all that was happening here, but you see that that there was a deliverance coming and it looks like this deliverance coming. This is the hand of the Lord. The prophet is guiding us. He's showing us, shoot through the window. This is the deliverance of the Lord. And so that's God saying, "I will deliver you. Now you take your arrows and you smite them without without my hands on you, without me guiding you through the steps. You do what's in your heart." Yeah. Amen. And he smoked three times. And he says, "You now failed. You should have smoked five or six. Now it's partial delivery." Amen. showing that God is still in partnership with man. He promised the deliverance, but you we've got something to do with it. There's some part we play. There's something. And Joash, Amen, what Joash was showing, Amen. What to me what I see in this story, I'm not saying I have the interpretation, but what I see is Joash's heart, Amen, wasn't tied up with the prophecy in a way that he realized, amen, that I'm going to smite and smite and smite and smite and smite till it's completely gone. Amen. Some way there was some relaxness in his approach. And I want to take for a subject tonight, never stop. Never stop. I'm sure if Joish had another opportunity, he would go back and do it differently. Now, after reading this, if that same thing happened to me, do how many times would you smite the arrows? Well, he said at least five or six. I do. No, I would smite them till Elijah told me to stop. I would just, if you know the consequences, if you know how important this is, if you know what this matter, if you know this is full deliverance, you would just keep on going and keep on going till Elisha said, "That's enough." And I keep on going to said, "No, I'm serious. That's enough because our heart has to be tied in with the prophecy because we've got part of it. We got to get in the same vein. This is about deliverance. This is about full victory. This is about complete deliverance from our enemies." Amen. Brother Bam said in the message secondhanded robe, he said, "Then when Elijah, after his whole heart's desire was to get that promise, he wanted the promise. That was his motive. That was his his all. That was his life. That was his intent. Everything all everything hung on getting that promise. I'm persuaded to believe that we're not sincere about this thing that we're talking about. If your whole motives this morning rest upon giving God praise for healing, I'm determined to be healed by the power of God. I'm determined to live a Christian life. I'm determined to walk in peace with God. I'm determined to do it. I don't care what mother says, what church says, what pastor says, what anybody else says, what the world says. I'm determined. That's the singleness of my heart. You're going to get somewhere then. So, brother Bam shows us many times it's our attitude towards something that matters. It's not just to say, well, God said and the prophet said, and this is going to be deliverance, but Joash had a certain attitude towards that deliverance that was exposed. And Elisha was saying you your attitude should have been different. Your approach should have been different. Your sincerity, your drive, your earnestness, your desire should have been different. And brother Brandham comes and shows us that that kind of singleness of heart. I'm going through no matter what. I'm determined to serve God. I'm determined to be healed by the power of God. I'm determined to live a Christian life. I'm determined to walk in peace with God. I'm determined to do it. I don't care about mother or church or pastor. I'm determined. He said, "That's the singleness of my heart. You're going to get somewhere then." We know that when the children of Israel were coming into the promised land, Moses had made a promise to them. And Joshua comes and verifies the promise as they're getting ready to cross over. And God speaks to Moses or God speaks to uh uh Joshua. And this is Joshua 1:2. I'll just read it to you. Moses my servant is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given you as I said unto Moses. This is where brother Brandham picks this up. This this uh word of the Lord coming to Joshua and Joshua shares this with the camp. And brother Brandham picks this up and he says, "God told them way down in Egypt, I give you that land." But he didn't say, "I'll go out there and sweep it all out and garnish the houses and hang up the curtains and everything. You all just move in." No. No. They had to fight for every inch of ground they took. That's right. Fighting and taking it by every fight, every inch. Everywhere the souls of your foot land, that's possession. Footsteps is possession. That's the same thing it is today. Divine healing belongs to us. The Holy Spirit belongs to us. It's our property, but you'll fight every inch of it. Yes, sir. But brother, footsteps is possession. Just keep fighting. Take it. So, all of a sudden, we we realize he's saying now uh he God told uh uh uh Joshua, every place the soul of your feet shall land, I have given to you. So, that's where brother Rang gets footsteps his possession. Yeah. If you can press into it, you can have it. Yeah. And the same thing's true spiritually for us. If we can press into it, we can have it. All that has been promised to us. And and brother Bam said by the message of the hour, he's opened up a new land for us. So this new land, the restoration of the word, it's been open to us. And we can have everything that's in the message if we can press our way into it because footsteps are possession. He said, "I've given it to you. It's yours. I'll drive them out. You move in." Amen. Is this this is teamwork again. Amen. But we know that they failed to fully possess the land. None of these things are new to us. So don't don't wait for me to say something new because none of this is new. We've preached on all this before, but it says in Judges 1:28, "And it come to pass when Israel was strong that they put the Canaanites to tribute and did not utterly drive them out." They didn't take full possession of the land and they didn't utterly drive out the inhabitants, which is what they were commanded to do. They stopped short somewhere along the way. Amen. They got tired of fighting and they tried. And if you go to Judges, it says, "And Manasseh could not fully drive out this one." And and and Judah could not fully drive out this one. And and each of the tribes were given a certain area to fully possess. And each one of them failed in some way. They could take they could take the valleys, but they couldn't take the mountains or however. I don't remember how it all worked out, but there was there was a a a lack of full success of a full taking of the land. Amen. All around. So what they did, Amen. Because it got so difficult to keep trying. Amen. And they they could not, it says they could not, right? They could not drive out the Canaanites. They could not fully possess the land. But that could not doesn't match the scriptures. Says, "For I've given it to you and I'll drive them out wherever the souls of your foot." Amen. They might have failed a dozen times, but a dozen failures doesn't mean you can't do it. Amen. Amen. They would have eventually got to it because God promised them. Amen. I don't know why it was so difficult or what God was allowing. Amen. But there had to be some amount of perseverance. There had to be some amount of pressing through. There be had to be a bit of a determination to see the word of God kept. Amen. And so they they then put them under tribute. So to me that's amazing. They said, "Okay, this is too hard. We're losing people in every battle and and we're constantly coming and we're constantly having warfare and and we're trying." And I don't know how many times they would try and get pushed back by the enemy and they were entrenched in the hills or whatever and the stony places or caves and and they couldn't drive them all out. So they finally come up with a truce and they said, "Listen, you stay over there and we'll stay over here. We'll leave you alone. You leave us alone. You pay us a tribute and we won't destroy you." And all of a sudden that settled down into what seemed like peace out. But in the end, he says, "There'll be thorns in your flesh and pricks in your eye." And that's exactly what happened. What ended up destroying them was the thing that they allowed to remain. Yes. And listen, I I can't blame them. How many get tired of fighting? Anybody ever get tired of fighting? You get tired of going around the same stump. You get tired of facing the same situations over and over again. We can look back at them and say, "Didn't you hear what Moses said? Didn't you know the promises? If you would have just pushed a little harder." Hey, we're sitting from a vantage point looking back, drinking coffee, reading the Bible, saying, "You should have went a little further. What's wrong with you guys?" Amen. I'm a huge critic of these people in the Bible. As I sit with my feet propped up in an easy chair with a cup of coffee on a stand next to me and everything in order around my house. Amen. and and and and the AC just right and the heat just right and the fire going just so cozy. I say, "What's wrong with you people? You should have drove out the Canaanites. You didn't fully possess the land. put their feet up and read the Bible and they were getting tired of fighting and the the strain was too much and they got wore out and they got tired and they had other things other business to attend to. They wanted the the land that they had given. It was rich. It was a rich land. They wanted to cultivate it and farm it and start getting all the benefit and blessings out of it. They didn't want to keep going back and fighting and losing soldiers and getting cut and being tired and Right. Right. So they started setting up farming and that was theirs to do. That was their land. But they were supposed to drive out the inhabitants. Amen. And when they when they stopped really what they they did with this uh tribute really what they did was just hit the pause button. Let's just stop. Okay, let's make a deal because we're getting tired. You know, I've spent a lot of my Christian life looking for the pause button. Why does it seem like trials come in twos or threes, not just one at a time? Everybody, anybody ever got hit by a wave of trials? It was almost like I I've got to be Job. There has got to have been some conference in heaven because there is no way on the same day this can show up and this can show up in the same week the car breaks down and the furnace goes out. Come on. That's right. Amen. Amen. So, it comes in waves and we struggle. We want to hit the pause button, but hey, guess what? You don't get to hit the buttons. Only God gets to hit the buttons. Amen. And if and if God and and sometimes it feels like he must have hit fast forward on the trial button. I mean, they're coming in so fast I can't catch my breath. Amen. But listen, we don't get to control that. Only God gets to control that. The only thing we get to control is our response. We don't get to control what happens or how it happens or what God decides to do or how fast or how slow. And he doesn't do anything wrong. Amen. And nothing's out of kilter and everything's right on time and everything's perfect. Amen. The the only thing that we can control is how we respond to the things that are happening around us. Amen. Amen. I think part of what uh what blessed me so much about uh both of brother Jason's services is they were just such an encouragement to me. He preached on abiding in Christ and then he preached on uh onward and upward. And at the end of onward and upward, I I just I had this thought that strikes me. I said, "As children of God," I said, "The only way we lose is if we quit." Amen. That's what hit my heart. That's what And that's what I wanted to bring to you. The only way we lose is if we quit. Amen. Because we have precious promises. He's told us we'll be overcomers. He told us he'll be with us. He told us he'll be in us. He told us, Amen. Our our name's in the book. Amen. And we know that. I mean, we we know we can't quit. We know that if it's determined by in heaven before we're going to get there. But really, that's the that's the issue. That's what I my takeaway was the only way that we can lose is if we quit. Amen. So, what is the devil trying to get us to do probably more than anything else? Just hit the pause button, man. This is too much. It's too overwhelming. It's coming too fast. You can't deal with all these things. Just check out for a little while. That's right. Has anybody ever checked out? It doesn't do us any good, does it? Amen. How many ever checked out from serving God or checked out from coming to church? It got overwhelming. It got discouraging. It got too much. I couldn't handle it. And all I wanted was just I just wanted a pause. I just wanted to hit the pause button and take a break because it was overwhelming. Amen. But once you hit that pause button, when you go to hit play, you got so much catching up to do. You don't realize the pain that pause causes. Yeah. And any of us who have pause, we realize it's pain, amen, to get back. And one thing that brother Jason said that really struck me, he said the world is moving away from God so fast. Amen. That you don't you don't have to go backwards to backslide if you stop moving forward. He said it's like he said it's like being on conveyor belt. You go back so fast. Yeah. And that's the way the world is and the spirits have been unleashed. Amen. And Satan's eating to take us away. If we stop moving forward, if we quit constantly moving forward and striving for the things of God and just hit pause, before you know it, you're in places you never dreamed you would be. Amen. And it so encouraged me because I I told Jason afterwards, I said, "Brother, that was so good for me because I've been struggling and fighting with discouragement for the last year so badly in my personal life. So bad. And I've had so many times that I've just discouraged, just completely discouraged. And I I just I've been in the back there crying. I don't want to come out and preach. Crying, saying, "God, I don't want to go to the pull pit. Lord, I'm not fit to preach because I'm so discouraged." And I'll come out, you pull, and God delivers the word. Amen. But but God was so blessing me during the service. And I was I left so encouraged that I realized the only way we can lose is if we stop. And the only thing the devil's trying to get us to do is stop. Just stop. Listen, this is too much. This fighting, this striving for the spiritual thing is too much. This moving forward all the time. Hey man, how can you be expected to keep moving forward in the face of all these obstacles? Just take yourself a little, you know, you know what you need? You need a mental health day. I guess that's a thing now in corporate world. You can take mental health days. My goodness, I would take a whole slew of mental health days to get away from the torment that sometimes goes on in our minds. But you realize the devil does not want us to keep moving forward because forward movement is upward movement. And every time we move forward, footsteps are possession and he's losing ground. Amen. Who is it that wants you to stop moving? Amen. Your enemy wants you to stop moving. He wants you to put you under a truce. Amen. Let's just make a deal. I'll stop pushing back so hard at you if you just stop. Yeah. Oh, what a slick little deal that is. Amen. Because then, Amen. You'll not you're not going to stay in that condition when you go to get back on. Oh my goodness. You you got there's there's a price to pay, friends. And he knows that. And all he wants is you to slow down and quit putting the pressure on his kingdom so much. Amen. Because you got to you got to stop this forward progress in the spiritual realm because every time you progress forward, he's losing something. So if you could just time out, just time out. And I and I've come to the place where I said no timeouts. Amen. You don't get a timeout because God never told me timeout. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. Now, that doesn't mean that you can't go to Sabino Canyon and go hiking for a day. Listen, that was really nice. But that wasn't a spiritual time out. That wasn't a I'm too tired to pray and I'm done. I'm overwhelmed and I'm just checking out and I'm not reading. I'm not listening. I'm not going to church. I'm just I'm checked out because I'm overwhelmed. It wasn't one of those. You can take vacations, friends. You can go rest with your family. You can go rest your body. The prophet had to. That's right. But don't ever take a spiritual break. Never, never take a spiritual break. Our goal is to grow every day to learn to to surrender to give God uh more of ourselves so he can take more control of us. Amen. No time out spiritually. Amen. Listen friends, I have cried for a pause button in the spiritual realm. I've laid in bed and cried, "Lord, I can't take another second." But guess what? God apparently knew more than I did. Because he said, "He'll never put on you more than you can bear." And in every child will make a way of escape. What is the way of escape? He's the way of escape. Amen. Amen. Our rest is in him. Our rest is in the security that he gives us, the promise that he gives us that no matter what's going on, it'll never fail. We can never fail because his plan, his thoughts towards us can never fail. So, I was absolutely so encouraged uh this this past weekend. Jesus told his disciples that you'll be hated of all men for my sake, but he that endureth to the end shall be saved. Amen. So who gets saved? He that endures to the end. So we've got to endure to the end. I'm not here to run a sprint. I would lose. I'm talking spiritually. We have some We've seen I mean, if you've been around for a while, you've seen many that are like a flash in the pan. are super duper spiritual. They have gifts. They have things and they're like a flash in the pan and next thing you know they're gone. Yeah. They can sprint. They can run like nobody's business, but they're all the time in and out and up and down and back and forth and they're good for a while. Then they checked out completely and then they've got to get back on and they're checked out completely. Amen. And they can be super duper spiritual. Amen. And they can they can run well. Amen. But but they check out. And I was thinking of the story of the tortoise and the hair. I told you I'm preaching deep today, friends. Just hang on tight. The tortoise and the hair. The hair could outrun the tortoise. Like he could run circles around the tortoise. The problem with the hair is is the problem would take a timeout. The hair would take a timeout, right? because he was so good at running and he was so skilled and he was so much better than the tortoise that he had time to rest. He had time to check out. He had time to not worry about anything cuz it was going to be okay. Amen. But the tortoise, Amen. He He wasn't flashy. Nobody Nobody was crowding around to see what great thing he was going to do next cuz the same thing he did yesterday was the same thing he's going to do tomorrow. Amen. The same way he walked five minutes ago. Hey, listen. It's not changing. Yeah. Yes. Amen. Amen. I mean, the hair can do back flips and he can zigzag and I mean, it's fun to watch. The tortoise ain't no fun to watch. It's like, oh, did you see that? He stretched out a little further that time. How many of you have read the story to your kids, the tortoise and the hair? How many times have you read it? Amen. Who wins every time? No matter how many times you read it, the tortoise always wins. Why does the tortoise win? Because he never stops. Not because he's the best, not because he's the greatest, not because he's got all the skill and all the ability and he's the most spiritual in the whole world and he's flashy. And listen, nobody's writing books about the technique of the tortoise. his running style and he's not getting, you know, Nike is not sponsoring the tortoise, but he wins every time because he never quits. Amen. Listen, it doesn't matter. We don't have to make this look good spiritually. We don't have to be the flashiest with the best, the most skills, the most dynamic this. We don't have to have anybody that's wanting to even emulate us or be like us. All we've got to do is set our face towards the goal and just keep moving forward in the things of God. And if we don't quit, we win. Amen. Why do we win? Because he promised we would win. Amen. Nobody can defeat us. No devil in hell can stop God's purpose. The only thing that can hurt us is us. Amen. Hebrews 10:38 says, "Now the just shall live by faith, but any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw back into predition, but of them that believe to the saving of the soul." Amen. Believe when it's not convenient to believe. Believe when it doesn't feel good to believe. Move forward when it doesn't feel good to move forward. That's right. Brother Bam said uh and the greatest news flash in history said remember God told Joshua every place the souls of your footsteps that's possession brother them footsteps means possession let's just keep walking into the promised land not looking back to see what will happen back there and what somebody else is doing keep your eyes on Jesus the Joshua the leader just keep moving on deeper depths higher heights until you possess everything that God promised you in his word. Amen. It doesn't matter what's going on anywhere else. Don't look anywhere else. Look to Christ. Amen. Amen. But this one, this What's that to thee? Follow thou me. Amen. But what about this that what's that to thee? Follow thou me. What does it matter what's happening with anybody else or any other family or any other church or any other believers? What does that have to do with you following Christ? Amen. But when we were I may have told you guys this already. I can't remember sometimes what I say and don't say. So forgive me if I repeat a bunch. We'll just believe God wanted you to hear it. That sounds good. That's a really nice thing to say. I repeated that cuz God wanted you to hear it. That makes me feel better. Anyways, but when we were uh uh had taken brother Dave and Sister Bessie Wood out to dinner, the deacons and and our wives and myself and my wife and we had asked him some of the comment on the last 47 years and he one of the things that he told us he said there was many many many days I didn't feel like going to church. He said I would be tired things wouldn't be going wrong. I would I would feel well. There was problems in the church. There was issues at home. There was many times I just didn't feel like going to church. He said, "But I didn't have an option. I was a deacon." And he said, "The best thing that ever happened to me is I didn't have an option." Amen. He said, "It was many times when I was the worst or at my lowest that I got blessed the most." Amen. That's right. Does anybody else have that experience? Yeah. Amen. And I had the same thought because there's many, many, many times, friends, I didn't want to come to church. Many times you say it's not right. You're the pastor. I listen. You try it for a week and you tell me what. We'll trade places for a month and then there'll be no more critical thoughts in your mind. When you've been criticized, when people have misjudged your statements and misjudged your character and misunderstood the direction you're going in. Hey, listen. You don't feel like getting up and doing it all again. So, there many times I didn't feel like coming to church, but guess what? I had no option. You know, the best thing that ever happened to me is I had no option. Amen. Because what I find is that God's always there and God's always faithful and he he always keeps his word. And if I would check out and hold back and time out and pull back, guess what? I would be the one who suffers for it. But God did something super special for me. And he took away my options. And I thank God he took away my options because it's been a good thing for me, friends. Amen. And I encourage you, take away your options. Yeah. Amen. Just take away your options and say, "Listen, I don't have an option." Brother Brandham said, "That's my post of duty. I'm going to my post of duty. I'm doing away with options." Why? Because Brother Brenham said, "You show the devil whose side you're on. You're a teammate. We're in this team together." And all the teammates need to be here together. Not for, hey, listen, we can say, I've told you about Brother David myself. And the truth is, Amen. We were the benefactors of doing that. But we weren't the only benefactors of doing that because when we showed up, you were blessed, too. And you think that you can disappear and vanish and it not affect the people that are around you, right? Would you rather be in a full church or an empty church? What's a better atmosphere? Would you rather sit on a pew all by yourself with nobody else around you? Would you rather have brothers and sisters amening and pulling and creating an atmosphere? Then that's going to take every one of us at our post of duty realizing I don't get a timeout. I don't get Yeah, I got my feelings hurt. Guess what? It's going to happen again. They misunderstood me. They said something. Well, grow up. Paul looked at Timothy. He said, "Endure hardness as a soldier of Jesus Christ." So, are we soldiers or pansies? Are we hot bed plants? Are we real rugged, genuine Christians that can get our toes stomped on, can get spit in the face, and come right back? Amen. Amen. At some point, this bride's got to grow up. Amen. Can't hide out because we got our feelings hurt or they misunderstood me. Listen, I've had my feelings hurt. I've been misunderstood. I've been lied about. I've been misrepresented. And if I didn't have an option, I would have quit. But God blessed me with no option. And it's been the greatest thing that ever happened to me. Thank you, Lord. You ever have those days where you're so low down you can't hardly get out of bed and what you want to do is pull the covers back over your head and lay there all day. I've had those days and had to come and preach. And you think it's fair for you to stay home when you don't feel good? Right. We're either all in this together or we're not. We're either going to have a denomination or we're going to be bride. The denomination says, "The pastor's there. That's good enough. I don't need to be there. I can come and go when I want." Yeah. Right. That's denominationalism. That's the church structure. But when you know where God's placed you and where you belong and what he's put you in, then you've got a position by God and a place and a responsibility. and you'll benefit from it. Amen. Amen. Sometimes we just have to push past ourselves. What keeps getting in the way? I'm tired of fighting. I'm tired. Well, listen. I believe you. Tired. I'm tired. I get really tired sometimes. But praise God. Sometimes when I'm so tired, listen, I've had times when I'm as tired as tired can be. mentally shot in the back crying said, "God, I'm not even fit to preach your word. I'm so messed up in my mind. I'll come out and that'll be the most dynamic service we have ever had." And I walk away going, "What just happened? What just happened?" Why? Cuz God's faithful to his word. He's faithful to his promise. He doesn't ever ask you to do something and not show up to bless you when you do it. He doesn't ask you, Amen, to be involved and be engaged and be part of something something more than yourself. Something bigger than yourself, something beyond just you. Amen. But you know what? The devil tries to get us to see just ourselves. I'm tired. I'm sick. I don't feel good. I Amen. But what about the person who's going to sit next to you in church? What about somebody who needs your lick of fire to spark their lick of fire? What about the visitors that's going to show up that day and need somebody to pull on the word to pull something out of the preacher? You realize, brother Bam said, the revival doesn't come in the briefcase of the pastor. Amen. It takes all of us working together. Are we going to work together? Are we going to be selfish and and sulk and suck our thumbs? And listen, I would apologize for talking this way, but I can't because this is the way God's been talking to me. These are the conversations that are going on in my head. Amen. Yeah. We claim to have the message. God's given us a prophet. The word is restored. How can we still act like children? Amen. When we come to this place, we've got to keep pressing forward, friends. There's no pause. There's no quit. There's no time out from serving God. That's right. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. The only way we lose is if we quit. Luke 18. Let's turn there together. Luke 18. Luke 18 verse1 and he spake a parable unto them to this end that men ought always to pray and not to faint. So this is what God wants us to learn. Yeah. Men are always to pray and not to faint. That means grow weary and get too tired. Amen. Saying there was in a city a judge which feared not God neither regarded man. And there was a widow in that city and she came into him saying, "Avenge me of mine adversary." And he would not for a while but afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she wear weary me." And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge saith saith." And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them. I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth. Brother Ram said, "Cry for your needs. That's God's provided way." Didn't Jesus explain it when he said the unjust judge to the woman that cried day and night. How much more will the heavenly father give them the spirit who cry out for it day and night? Seek, keep seeking. Amen. Knock. Keep knocking. Just keep on till he opens. Stay out with it. Cry until the promised word is vindicated. Then you got it. You don't have to worry no more. You see, the Bible promised it. Then stay right there and cry until you get it. Amen. Amen. We're not of those who draw back. Those who endure to the end are saved. Those who keep pressing. That widow woman didn't just go and trouble the judge once. Yeah. And say, "You know what? Apparently, he's not going to give it to me." She persisted and persisted and persisted until he says, "Listen, I don't fear God. I don't fear man, but because she troubleth." And God says, "I'm teaching you this so you learn how to pray without fainting. Yeah. Amen. That's the whole point of the parable so that we learn how to stick with it till we get it. To cry like a baby said a baby cries till it gets satisfied. Amen. Cry until the promise is finicated. Amen. Brother Bam says that little woman and this is another quote in all things. That little woman with the blood issue has spent all her money. This is when he was coming through. Amen. Going to heal Gyrus's daughter. And there was the woman with the blood issue said, "If I can touch the hem of his garment," and he says, "She had spent all her money. She just wasn't going down half-hazardly. She spent all of her money on doctors and none of them could help her." And she come believing sincerely, not just say somebody else done it. As far as we know, nobody else had ever done it. She started something, did she? This was new. Brother Gabe was preaching on this. She said, "I believe that man so much that if I could touch the board of his garment, I'd be made whole." She just wasn't saying that. She believed it. You can say lots of things, but is her action vindicated her faith. She was sincere in it. No doubt it cost her her membership in the church. It cost her a lot of things, but she was sincere. She was determined to do it. And her sincere touch on the border of his garment stopped him in the track. And he looked around. He said, "Who touched me?" Amen. My goodness. Could you imagine if she didn't persist? You know the as brother Gabe was preaching there was a throng all about him. Everybody was pressing. It wasn't an easy swipe by in the foyer here of the church and reach down and touch cuz the crowd thronged him. The multitudes thronged him. How? And listen, she had to get low enough to touch the hem of his garment. And brother Benham showed us how long those garments were and they swept up the dust from the ground. So she would have to get to ground level. And at ground level, amen, there was everybody else's feet and all the dust and and everything from a multitude thronging him. And she would have to weave her way in and out of She may have had to push and shove. Not good church order. Not good etiquette. She probably had to elbow her way in and scrap and fight. But she knew in her heart if I can touch the hem of his garment. And she believed it. She was sincere with it. And she pressed until Can you imagine? She got her finger stipped on halfway through. Oh and turned back. Right. Right. Got kicked under the chin with somebody's heel and quit. We read so many stories in the Bible. We don't imagine what it was actually like to get through a throng through people's feet down on the ground to get to the hem of his garment. But when she got all the way to her goal, she was healed. Amen. Brother Bam, now speaking of the uh three Hebrew men and the fiery furnaces, I know that sounds all right, but our God is able to deliver us. They had patience. They started walking up the ramp. One looked at the other one. It's all right. All right. Got patience. Went one step. God wasn't there. Two steps. He wasn't there. Three steps, four steps, five steps, just kept on going. Still, he wasn't there. And he stepped right off into the fire furnace. They had patience, but he was there. Yeah. They held on to their faith all the way to the finish line. They never gave up on it. And when they held on all the way to the finish line, he was there. I wonder how many times when we've persevered for something, I wonder how many times we quit just before we got it. It's a good thought. It's a good thought because he's promised it to us. Listen, I say don't ever stop. Let's never stop. Let's never stop believing for our loved ones. Let's never stop praying. Let's never stop interceding. Let's never stop. Amen. Don't just say, "It's been 10 years. It's been so many years. Or they're so far gone." Don't ever stop. Amen. Don't ever stop believing for your children. Don't forget, you know that brother Bam calls the or what what the woman, the Anchamima woman in Tennessee, she never gave up on her baby boy, though he had lived a sinful life, though he had caught a a a veneerial disease. He had a social disease and he was dying. He was laying in the bed dying and she wanted him saved. And she prayed and prayed until God brought a storm. Grounded Brother Benham's plane. Wouldn't allow him to get it fixed in time. Sent him on a stroll down the road. Amen. All the way to her house because she never gave up. And she prayed. How long did she pray? 1 hour, two hours. She prayed until. She pressed until. And that boy was saved. And that boy was healed. Amen. Listen, the devil wants us to quit and that's all he wants. Just wants us to quit. I said, "Let's not quit." Let's not quit believing for our families, believing for our marriages. You know, I've seen so many times where one or the other couple quits. I mean, they don't get divorced. They stay married because they're in the message. But one of them quit because it got too hard. I got tired of having my heart broken. I got tired of my husband or my wife not understanding me and not treating me right. And all of a sudden, they disconnect their heart. They shook off the switch. They quit. They stay married, but they've quit pressing towards one another. They quit. They quit pushing for harmony and unity and love and affection. And all of a sudden there's a disconnection. You got two people in the same house, but that's no marriage. Amen. Marriage is not a certificate. Yeah. It's two becoming one. Amen. Amen. I say if you're in that situation, don't stop. Amen. Don't quit. Zakius's wife never quit praying for Zakius. Amen. How long did she pray for Zakius? Until God looked up at the tree and said, "Zakius, come down. I'm going to your house." Amen. Her prayer, Amen, sent Zakius up a tree and sent Jesus under the tree. Why? Because she was praying for her husband who was a sinner and who was lost. Amen. I'm telling you, don't quit on your kids. You can say they're rebellious. They won't listen to anything I say. Don't stop trying to have a relationship with your children. Don't ever quit pressing. You remember when brother Ben when Billy Paul I mean Billy Paul tells his testimony when he went wayward and he started want to go his own way. He couldn't even live in brother Benham's house. He went to go live with his grandma because of the things he wanted to do and the things he was getting involved in. And when he was living with his grandma couldn't even be in brother Brenham's house. He was going wayward. Brother Brandham said asked him if he wanted to go fishing because brother Brenham never gave up on Billy Pole. And Billy Paul gives the testimony like this. He said they're out there fishing around a pond or something. I don't remember where. And they're fishing. And brother Ram kept stepping closer to Billy Paul. And every time Billy Paul Billy Paul would step further away cuz he knew what his dad was trying to do. Brother would go one step closer, he'd go further away. He said till they went all the way around the pond. Oh, praise God. Brother Benham never gave up on his boy. It didn't matter. He was weward. It didn't matter what it looked like. It didn't matter what it sounded like. That was his heritage. God gave it to him and he was going to keep trying. At least he couldn't force Billy Paul to do anything, but he could say, "Son, you want to go fishing?" Right? Don't give up on family. Don't give up on friends. Don't give up on loved ones. Never stop. The devil wants you to quit. Get discouraged. Think it'll never happen. They're too far gone. Oh, look, they've got this piercing now and they got these tattoos now. Look, they've in this kind of relationship. Don't give up. Don't stop believing. Who else will intercede for them if you won't intercede for them? Who else is going to stand in the gap? Who has a connection with Almighty God that can say, "God, that's the son you gave me. That's the daughter you gave me. Will you turn this situation around?" Amen. If you give up on your marriage, who will care more about your marriage than you do? If you give up on your husband, you give up on your wife. Listen, this is not time to quit. This is not time to have halfway marriages and halfway families and halfway this and that. Amen. The full word has come with the full life. This is time to press, friends. If you don't feel like you have the unity you need in your marriage, press for it. Amen. You say, "But my husband won't, but my wife won't. But don't worry about them." Amen. Amen. What do you mean, brother Chad? Listen, that woman who had a drunk husband, who was out drinking all night and abusive with his language and his attitude, listen, she didn't stop just because he was rotten, right? She kept believing for him and praying for him. Amen. And she maintained her sweetness and her honor and her respect to him. Some of us can't respect some of the people, some of some people maybe even in this own church, they can't respect their husbands because their husbands don't treat them right. Well, my she maintained her respect for her husband. I don't think any of your husbands are drunk at the bar, right? I mean, he may be a little he might be a knucklehead, a little insensitive, and have no idea what he's doing to hurt your feelings. That's probably true. I mean, you want to ask me how I know it's true. I won't tell you, but it might have been true for me a few times. Amen. But listen, if you pull away, how's it going to get any better? If you give up, if you quit, if you throw in the towel, if you say, "It's always going to be like this. Our family will always be like this. Our marriage will always be like this." Don't do that, friends. The devil wants you to quit. Don't quit. If God, you say, "God, that's my wife. That's my husband." And you want us to reflect. We're here to reflect you and your bride. And until we come into that reflection, I'm going to keep pressing forward. Amen. Don't give up on your brethren. Don't give up on your family. Don't give up on your children. Don't give up on your marriage. Don't give up on your church. Don't give up on the brother or sister next to you. Don't give up on your family or your loved ones. Don't Don't give up, friends. Don't give up on yourself. Don't say, "I've tried so many times and I failed." Well, I just can't be. It just can't work. I I've tried and I failed and tried and failed and I don't just I don't see how God can accept me or how I can be one of them. But for me, God already kind of answered that question because Peter asked uh how many times shall I forgive my brother if he offend me? Seven times. I said seven times 70 in a day. Yeah, that was the question. in one day, right? 490 times. So basically, he's saying not seven times, but seven times. He said, "How many times in a day?" Yeah, that was the question. So I'm supposed to forgive my brother if he offends me. Yeah. And if he asks for forgiveness, I'm supposed to forgive him 490 times in one day. Yeah. And you think God's going to ask me to do something he's not willing to do? Right. How many of you I'm not going to ask that question 490 times in a day? I said there's some leeway there for some mistakes. Amen. Don't ever quit, friends. It doesn't matter. Don't give up on yourself either. Cuz God hasn't given up on you. Yeah. Amen. There's many of us, we've given up on ourselves. We got discouraged and I failed and I failed one more time and and I failed again. Listen, don't look at your flesh. Look at the word. Look at the promise. When sister Georgia Bruce was in the private interview with Brother Brandham and she was struggling with this, you have the Holy Ghost. She said, "But brother Brandham, I make so many mistakes." You remember what Brother Bam said? He said, "Yeah, but that's what the blood of Jesus is for is for our mistakes. He's not looking at your mistakes. He's looking at the desire of your heart. If the devil can get you to quit on yourself, you're done. Yeah. He just wants you to quit. I say I'm not quitting. Amen. Because Philippians 1:3 says, "I thank my God upon every remembrance of you always in every prayer of mine for you all, making requests with joy, for your fellowship in the gospel from the first day to now, being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it unto the day of Jesus Christ." Amen. Who started the work in you? Was it the Lord? Amen. No man can come to me unless the father draws him. Did he draw you? Amen. He who begun a good work in you will not cease till he finished the work. Amen. I want to leave you with this last quote from the prophet. He said in Feast of the Trumpets, "And so will it be upon the bride, and so is it on the bride. We unworthy creatures deserving of hell, but his grace holds us through it." Look at how many lost and blind. How many was sinners was there in the world the hour I got saved. God saved me for a purpose and I am determined by his will to do that purpose. I don't care what anything else goes. I want to do it. How many of you believed you were saved for a purpose? Let's be determined that he'll have that purpose. Not that you can do all the work, but that you can surrender to his work and just give yourself as a vessel that he can use. Don't quit. Don't quit because you failed. Certainly don't quit because somebody else failed, right? Don't quit. Do we get discouraged? Absolutely. We get discouraged. I've been there. But guess what? It doesn't change the promise. It doesn't change the word. The way you feel today changes nothing in the mind of God. Let's all stand together. Musicians, if you'll come. And brother Riley, if you'll come. Amen. I was so encouraged this weekend because the way God just orchestrated the weekend for me. I felt like brother Jason was ministering to needs that I had in my heart, but at the same time, God was also using the gift he had placed in me. So, it was such an odd unique thing. Here I am feeding and growing and and being mended and healed and giving out at the same time. I think we can all live that way. Amen. I think we can all be let God be healing and mending and working on us at the same time we're working for him and for others. Amen. Amen. I was I was so overwhelmed with the atmosphere. I I learned something. I We all know it's true, but I learned something while I was in these meetings this weekend. There was such an anticipation in the meetings and as it built uh people had gathered in. They had special meetings. It was brother uh the church there evening light fellowship. It was their 33rd church anniversary and and they had anticip they had anticipation coming into the meetings. The meetings were building and I woke up Sunday morning and Sunday morning God had dealt with me Saturday night and for days on the subject and I I was just reviewing my notes and the anointing was striking so strong I couldn't sit in my seat anymore. I got up and I was pacing in the hotel. I was pacing in the hotel and it was welling up inside of me and it was coming up into my throat so strong I didn't know what was going to happen next. And I realized this isn't me. This is the expectation of the people. And this is the gift responding to the people. All God needs me to do is stay out of the way. And it so encouraged me and I realized the devil's been trying to get me just to be too tired to get what's he trying to do? He's trying to get me to hold back because brother Lonnie taught me something years ago that amazed me when I first started preaching. Brother Lonnie said, "My vision, my my imagery." He said, "Every time I go to the pool pit is I always have this image in my mind that I I take the gift that's in me and I put it in the wheelbarrow and I just push it through the pull pit for God to use." You know how many times that imagery has helped me God and realize it's not me, friends? I can be having the worst day of my life. Amen. But there's a there's a gift inside here. And what the devil wants me to do is say time out. What the devil wants you to do is say time out. How many of you want me to quit? Oh man, I'm glad you said that. I should have been ma very careful before I said that out loud. But guess what? If I don't get the option to quit, neither do you. Amen. Amen. Why is it because you don't have an official title in the church? You can come and go as you please. Because you haven't been voted as deacon or trustee, you can float. Why is it the pastor has to be here every service? But I don't. These are good questions to ask. Did God place you here or not? Or did you place yourself? If you placed yourself, come and go, right? But if God placed you, then this is your place. Amen. If God connects you to these believers, you're connected. God wants that connection, that connection's for you and that connection's for others. Amen. Amen. What right do we have to unplug ourselves from where God plugged us in just because we want to? Yeah. Or we're tired. Or we got overwhelmed or we got our feelings hurt. Right. That's right. Yes. Listen, everybody's had their feelings hurt. Guess what? you when you grow up in a family, you hurt each other's feelings all the time, but you can't change your last name. Amen. I mean I mean I tried running away once when I was like 12. I got cold and I went back home. We've all felt that way. But listen, we belong together and God put us together. And he can move whoever he wants anywhere. But let God do that. We don't do that cuz our feelings are hurt. Don't do that cuz we right are too tired. Where God placed us, we're in this together, friends. I need you, you need me, and we all need one another. Amen. Man, the devil wants us just to quit. Just stop. When I'm in my hotel room, I'm going overtime. I'm sorry, but I haven't seen you guys for for a week, you know, a little over a week. It was welling up so strong and the atmosphere was so rich. And when I got to the pull pit, it was listen, it wasn't like preaching, friends. It was like flying. Praise God. It was like an out-of- body experience. And I realized, Brother Brandham said the congregation is 50% of the gift. I feel like down there they were about 95%. Then I thought, you know what? It doesn't have to be a special meeting only. Right. If we could all just focus on what God has called us to. If we could surrender ourselves in a greater way and not get entangled and embroiled in other things and get our eyes off of everything else and say, "I'm just following Christ." Amen. And the way he's called me to follow him. And if we could all do that and listen and realize what God's calling us to, move forward. What's he calling you? Move forward. But I want to rest. Listen, your rest is in him. Let's move forward. Amen. But it's become too much. Listen, it's always too much. Let's move forward in Christ. The only way we can lose friends is if we quit. Let's not quit. Amen. Let's bow our heads and pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you so much. God, you knew what I needed this last weekend. And I'm so thankful. You've been so good to me. God, you fed my soul. You poured healing balm into my heart. I so appreciate it, Lord. I'm so thankful, God, that you're so mindful. You understand, Lord, like you did for Elijah under the juniper tree. You came and you fed him some special cakes. God, I feel like you fed me some special cakes this weekend. And God, it gave me energy and it gave me strength. And I just want to say, Lord, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for being tired. I'm sorry for being weak. I'm sorry, Lord, for wanting to pull back. But I pray, God, that you would just let me use this strength to move forward. That there would be no pulling back. There would just be a moving forward. There'd be a no checking out, Lord, but there would be a a driving for the goal. Lord, when you were here, Lord Jesus, you set your face like flint for Jerusalem because you knew that was your calling. That was your destiny. God, help us all to set our face like flint. And Lord, if there's anybody here that's been discouraged, Lord, I pray that you would encourage them now. Pour strength into them, Lord, that they might realize that discouragement is part of the race. Being weary is part of it, Lord. But you told us not to faint, Lord, to move forward because victory is just ahead, Lord. It may be around the next corner. It may be over the next hill. We have no idea. But we'll never know if we quit, Lord. We'll never know how far away victory was if we stop now. And God, you've called us not just to have a good home, good family, a Christian walk in life. You've called us all the way to a body change. You've called us to take what no other generation has taken. Lord, that our atoms are going to change. And Lord, I'm determined that you're going to have this vessel to use for that. Lord, that God, I'm determined that God, I can't do it on my own, but Lord, if I can just surrender to you, you can come and do it. And I'm determined to stay in the game. God, help us, Lord, to move forward and not stop, not quit, not push pause. But Lord, may we yield ourselves to you every day and surrender to the calling with which you've called us day by day. We love you, Lord. We ask for your help over these things, Lord, that you would get glory in it all and that we would be vessels that you could work through. Bless us as an assembly and help us, Lord, to draw up closer together, to encourage one another, to strive, Lord, to be all that you've called us to be. We love you, Father, and we ask your blessings in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, brother Riley. the shiny things. Let me look the other way. When the riches of this world try to hunt me down, draw me closer to you day by day. When I'm faced with something I don't understand, let me hold to your unchanging hand. I don't want to be caught up in anything Lord but [Music] you Lord make me [Music] desperate lest I should perish. Help me to pray. Feed on your word both night and [Music] day. Don't let complacenc for the day is nearing an end. Let me hunger and thirst for you in [Applause] [Music] desperation. Give me wisdom, Lord, as I run this race. Discern my heart when I kneel to pray. I desire to do your perfect will. No impersonation. I want to be real. I'm expecting, Lord, and it won't be long. I must give birth to this promised son. It'll be great, Lord. For the time is soon to come. Lord, make me [Music] desperate lest I should perish. Help me to pray. Feed on your word both night and day. Don't let complenc set in for the days nearing an end. Let me hunger enter and thirst for you in desperation. Amen. Before you go, I just want to think about those three Hebrew men that were going into the fiery furnace. They already made the declaration, "Our God is more than able, but even if he doesn't, he's able to deliver us, but even if he doesn't," they had no guarantee. They believed he would, but no guarantee that he would. They got one step closer. He says God wasn't there. Two steps, God wasn't there. Three steps. What if they weren't determined to go all the way? What if they assumed, "Oh, I got an assumption here. God will deliver us when we get near the fire. God will not He'll certainly not let us go in that fire." And what if they had pulled the eject button somewhere along the way when they felt the flames. Amen. When the guards started to suffer, they they aborted. Never mind. And I thought he would save me, but he didn't. They would have never known what a miraculous deliverance lay just ahead. Just that last the worst step, the worst condition, the impossible. When nothing can save us, when there's no turning back, when there's no hope, when all hope is gone, that's where he was. What if they didn't take the last step? They would have never come in contact with a living, breathing son of God in their midst to fan away the flames. They would have missed a miracle. They would have missed the sign. They would have missed the deliverance. They would have missed the turning of Nebuchadnezzar's heart. They would have missed the declaration that went all over the world that this is the true God. Amen. What happened when they were willing to go all the way? There's story after story after story in the Bible. Listen, you can't determine after you get started to go all the way. You've got to determine before you begin to go all the way. If it gets bad, if it goes from bad to worse, if it gets impossible, if it gets where there's no more hope, this is a hopeless situation. All hope is gone. Hey, you already determined I'm going all the way. And many times God lets it get the darkest and the worst and impossible to show his glory. Many times deliverance comes past where we thought deliverance would come. What if that widow decided not to knock the next day? I've knocked enough. I've tried for 20 days, for 15 days. How many days I've went knocking on the door asking for deliverance? She didn't know it was that time that he was going to answer. [Music] How many times have we stopped just before? I don't know. But I'm determined not to stop again. Whatever it takes. Amen. Wherever he takes me, whatever he wants to do, wherever he wants to manifest, I want to be determined that he's going to have his way and I'm going to follow him. Hey, Peter was determined. I'm going all the way. But he didn't. He bailed out. He hit the eject button when it got too scary. I'll go to prison. I'll go to death. But when prison me came, he bailed. He had to go die out to himself and be born again by the spirit of God. But with the spirit of God, he was able to go all the way. Amen. All the way to crucifixion. all the way to being hung upside down on a cross and giving his life. So, I want that same spirit to be in me to help me go all the way. And I want to yield to that spirit. I don't want to pull the eject button anymore. I know I'm not the only one who's pulled the eject button and tried to save myself. No more eject buttons. No more abort. Let's just go all the way and let God have his way. and never stop and never quit. What we might just find is we might find the son of God, one like unto the son of God right in our midst, right in our camp, fanning the flaves away. Praise God. Never stop, friends. Amen. Let's sing again, Riley. God bless you all. It's good to be home. It's good to see you all again. Amen. me the shiny thing. Let me look the other the way. When the riches of this world try and hunt me down, draw me closer to you day by day. When I'm faced with something I don't understand, help me hold to your unchanging hand. I don't want to be caught up in anything Lord but you Lord make me [Music] desperate lest I should [Music] perish. Help me to pray. Feed on your work both night and day. Don't let complacency set in for the day is nearing ahead. We hunger and thirst for you in desperation. Give me wisdom, Lord, as I run this race. Discern my heart. When I yield to pray, I desire to do your perfect will. No impersonations. I want to be real. I'm expecting, Lord, and it won't be long. I must give birth to this promised son. We be ready Lord for the time is soon to come. Lord make me desperate lest I should bear. Help me to pray. Fit on your word both night and day. Don't let [Music] complacencing an end. Let me conquer and thirst for you in desperation. [Music]
