################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 250601 - Chad Lamb The Wall in Eden - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   250601 - Chad Lamb: The Wall in Eden
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8KYjRn8qxE
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know, fills my every longing. He keeps me singing as I go. And all my life was wrecked by sin and strife. And discord filled my heart with pain. pain. Jesus swept across those broken strings and stirred the suffering cords again. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know fills my every long. Oh, he keeps me singing as I go. and feasting on the riches of his grace. Resting beneath the sheltering [Music] wings, always looking on his smiling face. Oh, that is why I shout. I'll sing verse four. Though sometimes he leads through wers deep and trials fall across the way. Though sometimes the path seems rough and steep. Sees his footprints all the way. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, fest name I know fills my every longing. He keeps me singing as I go. And soon he's coming back to welcome me far beyond that starry sky. I shall wing my flight to worlds unknown and I shall reign with him on high. For it's Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know. Fills my every longing. He keeps me singing as I go. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the hand of God in all my life I see. And the reason of my bliss, the secret all is this, that the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abided with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abide with me. And once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard out Jesus died on the tree. And I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. The spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul for the comforter abides in me. Yes, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. me abide with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. Overcome abides with me. And there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Oh, long ago I gave them up instantly. Now my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides in me. He abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides. Oh, let's stand together. Let's sing that again. And he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. He abides with me this morning. Let's go to the key of sea. Let's sing this song. I living by faith. I care not today what tomorrow may bring. His shadow or sunshine or rain. For the Lord I know ruleth for everything. And all of my worry is f. And I'm living by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting confine in his great love. His great love from all harm's sake. It is sheltering on. I'm living by faith and I feel no alarm. And tempest may blow and the storm clouds arrive obscuring the brightness of life. Oh, I'm never alarmed at the overcast skies. Master looks on [Music] at faith in Jesus above. Oh, trusting confine, hiding in his great love and from arms in a sheltering arm. Oh, I'm living by faith. By faith and I feel no alone. [Music] Oh, I know that he safely will carry me through no matter what evil be. Why should I then care what tempest may blow? For Jesus flows to my side. And I'm living by faith in Jesus above. Oh, I'm trusting confineing in his great love. Oh, from arms sake, from his sheltering on. I'm living by faith and I feel no alarm. Oh, let's sing that chorus again. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting confineing in his great love. Oh, from all harm's in his sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. Amen. As brother Chad comes this morning, I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. I'll praise the lamb for sinners slave. Oh, give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away. Verse one. And when I saw that cleansing fountain, it was old and wide for all my sin. [Music] And I oy the spirit's ruing. Oh, and he said will thou be [Music] clean and I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. I'll praise the lamb for sinners [Music] slain. Oh, give him glory all ye people. For his blood has washed away. each day. Amen. God bless you all. Let's bow our heads together. Pray. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, God, for what you have done for us, Lord. We're so appreciative and it's an honor for us to stand here and sing of your glory and all the good things that you've done and to testify, Lord, with song and with mouth that you're wonderful, Lord. Lord, we're so privileged to be standing here today with the opportunity to hear your word. And God, may you come on the scene, Lord, and take control of this vessel. And may you bring your true word, your perfect word, through these imperfect lips, Lord. May you take control and may you speak to our hearts, Lord, and instruct us in the way of righteousness. May you encourage us, Lord, and enlighten us that we might know you better, Lord, and we might serve you better. May you have your way in this place. May you move, Lord, in every heart and every mind and every soul. May you take your liberty, Lord, as we give you preeminence. For we've invited you. We welcome you here, Lord. We surrender to you. We invite you to take your place, Lord, and to to be the head, Lord, and to and to take control, Lord, and to do as you wish, Lord. For we want to give you that privilege as we surrender to you. We love you and we ask for your help as we look into your word. May you give us the ISAB to see today what it is you're trying to show us. We love you. We thank you, God. May you bless these words and may you bless our efforts in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Um you can be seated for just a minute. Thank you musicians. Before we uh get into the word and to the scriptures, I have an announcement to make. There's been another engagement. Amen. Our sister Naomi Bondo has been engaged. God bless you, Sister Naomi. Could you stand up so we congratulate you? Amen. Thank you. Poor Wesley had to stand by himself and Naomi had to stand by herself, but she's engaged to brother Peter Ba and uh he resides in South Africa. He's originally from Congo. They've known his family for a long time. and the families know each other and so they're officially engaged. They've started the process and now they've got to go through a lot of paperwork process with the United States for him to get the visa to come. So just they're requesting prayer. So if you could be remembering them in prayer that God would speed up that process, expedite it so that the brother can come here quickly and they want to have their wedding here. They want to be wed here at the church, but they can't set the date yet obviously because they've got to get all the information. So just remember them in prayer and uh and uh that all that will work out well for them. And congratulations to the whole Bondo family. Amen. And as you can see, Brother Wesley's got a job today. He's translating for a friend of his. Amen. And so we we want to ask the Lord's blessing for him, too, as he's working today to bless his friend. Amen. God bless you. You're welcome. Good to have you. Also want to remind you that communion and feet washing will be this afternoon and so we'll gather back here this afternoon for that. Amen. Let's all stand together. I like having announcements. Amen. Exciting, fun to see God moving in hearts and lives and and God continuing to bless his people always is a blessing to me. And so I I find it a thrill and we thank God for what he's doing. If we could turn to Genesis chapter 2 together, and we'll look at this together, Genesis chapter 2, and uh let's just read verse 8 and verse 9. And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that was pleasant to thee sight and good for food, the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats and may God bless us as we look into his word. Amen. If we could pull up that PowerPoint that I've that we've got that Franco made for me. And uh I would like to talk this uh even this morning on the wall in Eden. The wall in Eden. And as we move forward, we'll see what we're referring to here. But if we this is the scripture that we just read. And it says God planted a garden eastward in Eden. And this word garden means an enclosure or an enclosed garden. Amen. So this you know we're dealing when we're dealing with the garden in the beginning, we're dealing with a metaphor. Anyways, God is showing us uh something in a typology and a metaphor and he's explaining to us many things. And as I've been uh was meditating on this, I thought there are so many things embedded in every picture God shows us. He show us a picture of the Garden of Eden. And there's so much information embedded in that picture that we still haven't extracted all the information that's in that picture. We just keep looking at it and it keeps coming alive more and more to us. And we know that that Eden was a reflection of heaven. And we know uh there's so many things. It was a reflection of God's desire. It was there's so much going on here in Eden. But the but the it's interesting that God planted a garden eastward in Eden. And eastward doesn't necessarily mean a location. So I I I I hope that we can stay together on this. It doesn't necessarily mean it was as far east as you could travel, but eastward always means to the beginning or origin. So early on from the beginning he planted a garden and that garden was an enclosure. Amen. And so the enclosure was always for protection. The enclosure is for safety and security. So God had a garden eastward in Eden. And there he put the man whom he had formed. All right, we're all on the same page. All right, let's keep moving. And in verse 15, he says, "And the Lord God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of the of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, for in the day thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." So this becomes a commandment to the man. And God is telling him that you may not partake of this tree. of all the trees you can, you cannot partake of this tree. And this is what brother Brandham says in going beyond the camp. Says how beautiful that is to the same camp that was in the Garden of Eden when God fortified his church in the Garden of Eden. His people, they had one wall to stay behind. That was the word. They had one shield, one armor, one thing because God knowed what would defeat the devil. And that's the word. Amen. So we we we know these things and we know also that 1 Peter 5:8 says, "Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, is a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour." So we know that that this this devil is an adversary looking for who he can devour. And so God would provide for his children. Brother Bham explains all this. God would provide for his children the best protection that he could because he knew that there was a danger lurking out there. And so because there was a danger, God wanted to fortify and protect his children here in the garden. And and brother Bam even types it with his own son. If I knew there was a danger, a threat to my son Joseph's life, I would build a 40ft wall and I would have all of this uh uh reinforcement. I would protect them. And that's what God did for his children. He protected them with the greatest protection he could give them in the face of the adversary. And that protection was his word. Amen. So when we look at this garden as an enclosure in the wall in Eden, the wall in Eden may not necessarily be what we first imagined it to be. If I could say that the in the identified masterpiece of God, he says, now notice this one thing I want you to bear in mind that God gave his this man a protection. He gave him, he fortified him inside of his word because he told them what they could do and what they could not do. And that's the same basis we're set on today. What we can do and what we cannot do. No matter how good we are, how much we go to church or do this, we got to be born again. See, it must be. And God told Adam what he could do and what he could not do. He placed him behind his word. And then the enemy came in by deceit and crawled through the walls of God's word cuz the door was open to him and he marred that image to sin. That's one of the saddest stories. So God had them all fortified and walled off and separated and safe and secure. Amen. But the devil was lurking as a roaring lion seeing who could devour. Amen. And because of that, God had them walled off and protected. But the enemy, brother V says, "The enemy came in by deceit and crawled through the walls of God's word because the door was open to him." So, Brother Frank, if you could turn on the whiteboard for me, if we could switch to the whiteboard. And I would like to draw another picture. Thank God. I'm glad you all know me and love me. No matter what I do on this whiteboard, you'll still love me. Amen. So, if we think about if we think about the Garden of Eden and we realize that that many of the things God is showing us is symbols or are metaphors and they're symbolizing truth that God wants us to learn. And we find that here in in Eden, there was a a garden, the Garden of Eden. And garden means an enclosure. So there's an enclosure and and the garden is built for the enclosure is built to protect your garden. That's why it's there to keep you know in in in the natural world when you have a a a fence or a wall around your garden. It's to keep animals out. It's to keep things out that will defile the garden or rob you uh of the produce or do damage. And so the wall is there to protect the garden. But what's interesting in the scriptures is that in the midst of the garden were two trees, right? Amen. And one of these trees was the knowledge of good and evil. And so if the wall in Eden was a physical wall to keep them from danger, then why did God put the dangerous thing inside the wall? Amen. Right. And so that's why I said we've got to uh you know, Brother Brandham was so good at taking us beyond the symbol to the truth, beyond the metaphor to the lesson that God was trying to get us to teach. Because so many times we've we've heard things so many times, we automatically make things carnal. We automatically go to physical because that's the only thing we understand. We understand physical. You tell me wall and I'm going to see a wall. You tell me lampstand, I'm going to see a lampstand. You tell me any of these things and I'm going to actually see what I've seen that represented in this dimension. Amen. But God is using that symbol to teach a greater truth. Amen. So this wall uh this garden, this walled enclosure had the most dangerous thing to them inside in the midst which means middle of the garden. And there was something else that was in the garden. The serpent was in the garden. I'm not going to try to draw the serpent. You just use your own imagination. The serpent was in the garden. And that's not the only one that was in the garden because Satan was in the garden. Because the the Bible says in Ezekiel, "Thou hast been in Eden." And so it wasn't that this wall was this physical wall. Now don't get me wrong. If God put a wall around it, that doesn't bother me a bit. If there was actually a garden and God had put a wall, I I I have no problem with that. If we get to the other side and we look back through the scroll of history and I say, "I did have a wall around it." I'm not going to be disappointed. Amen. Amen. So So don't get me wrong. We're not saying there was or there wasn't. But the real lesson here, amen, is is the physical wall is not what kept them safe. Amen. It was the wall of God's word that was their safety. Because in the midst of the garden that God planted, there was two trees. One of life, one of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And in that garden also, the serpent moved freely. And in that garden also, Amen. Satan had access. Because how did Satan get to the serpent if he wasn't able to access the garden? Yeah. So, so we're we're not looking at things physical and and something else that I would like to share with you. Oh my goodness, if I can. There's a quote from uh 1961. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. But it's just representative of a statement brother Benham makes many, many times. He says, "And man was made to be a god." We know that Genesis 1:26, he had domain over the whole earth and he was made to be an amateur god. And so in many places all the way into the fourth seal, brother Brandham says that that that uh Adam was God of the whole earth. He was God of all creation. So Adam was not bound to this garden. Yeah. Adam was not walled in the garden. Yeah. So the wall of the garden was not a cage for Adam, right? These things are all very important to begin to understand. He wasn't hemmed in because he was God of the whole earth. He had dominion over the whole earth. He had domain and rulership over all of the creation. So he could go anywhere he wanted. Amen. He could move about wherever the creation was, wherever his domain was, wherever the earth was. So the wall of Eden was not a confinement to Adam. The wall of Eden was a barrier to the devil. It's become super important. It was a barrier to the enemy. It was not confinement to Adam. Adam was not confined or restricted by the wall that God gave him. Adam had freedom to move about over the earth. He had freedom to rule and to reign over the earth. He had freedom to speak. He had freedom uh to move trees. He had freedom to do uh uh as he felt to do as the as as he would do as a son of God, as a representation of God on the earth. Amen. So he was not bound or restricted by the wall. He was protected by the wall. So, this is so good for us to understand and start thinking of the word this way. Amen. Because we'll see what the the devil does here in just a minute. So, Brother Brandham said the enemy came in by deceit and crawled through the walls of God's word cuz the door was open to him. So, I don't know what imagery you get, but I mean, you can imagine here he is sneaking, you know, he's crawling through the hedge, you know, and he's pulling it back and he's slipping in. That's not how he got into Eden. And it wasn't that he scaled the wall and it and it wasn't that he slipped underneath the gate and he wiggled his way through and he got to the other side. That's not how he broke in to Eden. Amen. He came in by deceit. So he broke through the wall by deceit. And then the wall was open to him. Amen. And he could move in, amen, to where God had protected and fortified his children. Amen. Because everything in the Bible, Amen, operates the same way by the same principles. Amen. We see it from the beginning and it operates the same way. So if we could go back to the uh PowerPoint and in the in this PowerPoint, we go to the next slide. Genesis 3 1 says, "Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, yay, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden. And the woman said unto the serpent, we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. God has said, "You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "You shall not surely die. For God does know that the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be open, and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. The first thing that the devil does in his deception to get through the wall, remember brother Beam said God fortified his children behind the wall of his word and Satan couldn't get to them. Now Satan through the serpent could talk to Eve. Yeah. So it must have been in the garden, but he couldn't get to Eve. Right. He could speak to her and reason with her, but he could not get to her because she was behind the wall of the word. But the first thing that the devil does is he turns the wall of protection into a barrier for the children of God. So he turns it from his barrier to their barrier. Right. And the moment God the moment that the devil turns what God meant for protection and keep the devil at bay and he turned it around and made it a confinement for Eve, a barrier for her where she was limited in how far she could go and how far she could move. Amen. And then she began to look at the tree and she began to see, amen, things that she hadn't seen before. She began to see that it was good for food and it was pleasant to the eye. And it's amazing how in verse six it said, "And when the woman saw the tree, it was as if she never considered these things before." That's the the verbiage, the terminology. And it says, "And and when and when the woman saw the tree, obviously she had seen the tree before, but now she was looking at the tree in a different way. She was now beginning to analyze the tree. Amen. And now there was a longing building in her for the tree because now the commandment became a barrier to keep her away from something that she was now wanting. Yeah. And what was her force field? Yeah. Became her prison. Uhhuh. Right. In her mind. Amen. What was her protection? Her invisible barrier that kept her completely safe was now a prison cell. Yeah. Was now a limitation. Because the because the serpent says you're not going to surely die. God does know that if you eat this, you'll be as gods. Your eyes will be open. You'll be as God's. And all of a sudden, he painted the picture that God only told you this to keep you from something wonderful. Yeah. Oh my goodness. If I could get every teenager to understand this, there would be such freedom and liberty. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, why did she never consider the tree before? Why did she never reason about the tree before? Because there was a commandment. The commandment was simple. Don't eat of that tree. So there was no reason to reason about it. Think about it, look at it, dwell on it. Amen. But all of a sudden, the devil turned her attention to the to the thing that God said, "Don't have." And all of a sudden, she saw that is I am not allowed to have. I want you to understand something. God never said that she wasn't allowed to have. God never said she wasn't allowed to have. He just told him, "Don't do it." Because if you do it, this will be the result. But God, listen to how slick the devil is. The devil makes her feel underprivileged. So you will be like gods, knowing good and evil. They were already like gods. They were amateur gods. They had control and dominion over all the earth. They He was trying to offer them something they already had. Yeah. and then trying to tell them that that your eyes will be open and you'll know something you don't know now. And so he's trying to offer them a position that they don't need and trying to get them to see something as greater which God didn't want them to see because God knew that that greater vision was not good. It was bad. Because why did he want why would God want them to know good and evil? He designed Eden to be his pleasure. He designed for them to only know good. Yeah. He didn't want them to know good and evil. He only wanted them to know good. And so God set this up and gave them this one commandment so that they would always know good. But Satan made Satan made God's love and God's provision look like God's limitation and God holding back on them and then begin to build a lust in the woman, a desire for something that God was keeping from her. And you know how it is. As soon as you tell somebody they're not allowed to have something. It's the only thing in the world they want. They may never even wanted it before, but just as soon as you said they can't have it, then all of a sudden they start think, well, why can't I have it? And what's so good about it that I can't have it? And I human nature. And to to show how perfect God is is God actually never walled off his kids. He gave them a wall to stay behind, but he didn't wall them in. Because whenever they chose to, they could walk out from behind the wall whenever they decided they could open the door to the wall and let the devil in. So God never restricted his children by his word. The devil made it look like a restriction, but it was no restriction because God never took away free moral agency. God never prevented them from eating from it. God never said, "You're not allowed to eat from it." God just said, "Don't do it." Yeah. It'll hurt you. Yeah. Amen. But the devil made it look like it was the greatest barrier and it was a it was a prison sentence and it was a wall and it was God withholding something. Oh, praise be to God. I love the word of God. Absolutely love the word of God because the tactics of the devil has never changed. Never changed. are the exact same all the time. So God never put them in the garden and he never put a padlock on the on the gate and put a chain around it and said, "You're in there and you're safe. I've walled you off." No, his wall was a voluntary wall. You can voluntarily stay behind the protection I gave you or you can leave it. It's your choice. So there was no restriction in God. There was no barrier in God. There was only protection and love and instruction. But the devil won the battle when he twisted her mind to view the precious, loving word of God as something different than the precious, loving, protective word of God. Amen. He does the same thing to us. He says in grace battle over fought. The battle raged when Eve opened her mind to listen to her reasoning. That's the flu it come in. That's the channel it run down her reasoning. She and her soul, she reasoned. So, how did the devil get through this wall of Eden? It wasn't a jackhammer. It wasn't a bulldozer. It wasn't a shovel where he dug dug under the wall. How did he get through this barrier in Eden? He got through the woman's mind through reasoning. Hey, praise God. That's the same way he does it today. Amen. God has got a wall for his children to stay behind. And we've got just as strong a wall as they had in Eden. And that wall is just as able to prevent the devil from getting to us as the wall in Eden was. We have no less of a wall, no less powerful of a wall. In fact, we're so blessed that we live in a day that the full power of the word has been restored. We have a perfect wall. Yeah. Amen. But that wall has never fenced us in. Amen. When God never took us and put us in the wall and say, "Hey, you're not allowed to go anywhere. You're not allowed to leave this wall." No, it's a voluntary shield. It's a voluntary wall. God says, "I've restored the word. I've sent a prophet to tell you what is right and what is wrong and what to do and what not to do and what to avoid and what to step towards. And now I've put back I've restored the wall. I've brought back the wall like I had it in Eden. Now the choice is yours. Do you see the wall as a shield or do you see the wall as a trap? Amen. Cuz it's going to determine exactly how we react to the word. Right. Amen. So we've got a wall restored, but that wall does not limit. It's no limit to us. Did God take away free moral agency? Can you go do whatever you want right now? God has not he it's God has not prevented premortal agency. He has not violated the law of free moral agency. No matter how much the word's restored and how much the prophet cried out against sin, no matter how much the five-fold ministry cries out, no matter how much the the the word of Paul's been restored, no matter how much truth we have, God is still not placing a barrier around his children. They have absolute freedom like every other human being is to do whatever they desire to do. Amen. So that's why this message is never been captivity. It's always been liberty. It's always been liberty. It's been the liberty to keep us from captivity. God told the nation of Israel when he brought them into the promised land and he set them in, he gave them commandments and decrees and a law to keep. And he says, "If you keep my law, he said, I will be a wall to you. I will be a wall to you so that you won't need walls." Amen. They didn't have to build a wall all the way around the nation of Israel. He said, "I will be your wall to keep the enemy from coming in and taking you." Amen. God was their wall. And sometimes we look at commandments like that and we say, "Well, God said, if you do everything I tell you to do, then I'll be your wall and you didn't do what I said, so I'm done with you. I I'm going to I'm I'm going to take away your protection. I'm going to make sure you get destroyed." It can read like that. We can understand with a cardinal mind, but the reality is, Amen. The word was the wall. When they left the word, they left the wall. Right. When they stayed with the commandments of God, they he was their wall because he is the word. Amen. They left their own wall. They tore down their own wall. When they moved to idol worship and they and they began to set up leagues with the different nations around them and they began to adapt, amen, to the cultures that were around them, they were actually walking out from under the wall. They were actually tearing down their own wall that God gave them to protect them that he ensured would become a barrier between them and all of their enemies. Amen. The inevitable in tearing down your protective wall is that enemies will come in. And the enemies came in and destroyed Israel and took them captive. Amen. Listen, that was that was not just uh uh punitive. That was not just God bringing about a punishment. Of course, God allowed it. Of course, God permitted it. Of course, God, even Nebuchadnezzar was even his servant. Amen. But it was according to the word. They had no more wall of protection, cuz they left the word. So the channel through the wall is that flu of reasoning in the mind. That little tunnel that he comes in to get through the wall of protection which is the word is the reasoning in the mind. It's why the greatest battle ever fought is where? Fought in the mind. Amen. Listen, if we stay with the word as God has restored the word to us through a prophet and if we just stay behind that word, listen, you've got a force field around your mind. Amen. You've got you've got a mind, amen, that is guarded against lies and deceit and tricks of the devil. Hallelujah. And it's not because you know more. It's not that kind of a thing. It's not because I've got so much knowledge now. It's it's it's not like that. It's it's the fact that God said this. You're my mind is saying this. I'll reject this and take this. It's not superior intelligence. It's not superior knowledge. It's just the fact that God Amen. in his Bible says this. God through his prophet said this. So I'll take this and reject anything that's different than this. Amen. Not because I understand it. Not because it makes sense to my mind. Amen. Because it's not superior intelligence. It's not better knowledge. Sometimes we don't even understand why. Praise God. Sometimes it takes years to even understand the why behind why brother Ben why brother Ben railed on this and why brother Ben harped on this. I mean, Brother Benham was back in the 50s and he was railing on Amen. the the change in gender roles. And he was harping on women going to work and women in the police force and women being deacons and women in the pull pit and women taking the place of a man and women wearing men's garments and women cutting off their hair. And he was just railing on it over and over and over again. And if you don't think it was a major theme in Brother Benham's ministry, then I invite you to go listen. Amen. Just listen. Just pick out five sermons and tell me if it doesn't show up in there. Right? It's a major major part. And he's railing on the women getting out of their place. And he makes statements like when a woman gets out of the kitchen, she's out of her place. A woman doesn't know what side of the house she belongs on. You understand these in modern language, these are offensive statements. And I just want to go on the record, I'm not offended by them. Amen. I'm not offended by them because what that prophet knew, Amen, is is those gender roles are God being expressed and fe feminines and masculine and God wants masculine and God wants feminist and God made a distinct separation. He wants them to dress separate. He wants them to act separate and he wants them to fulfill separate roles in his economy because both of them are expressing his nature. And when you begin to blend them and mix them, you tear down and pervert the very nature of God. and brother Bam was railing on it in the 50s. Now we fast forward to 2025 and we understand exactly why he was nailing that word down and saying this is wrong. This is wrong. Because in the day that he was railing on it and it wasn't that bad. I mean that's a reasoning statement. When I say that that's human reasoning because it was bad. The slightest deviation from God's plan is horrible. Yeah. The slightest deviation from what God desires, what God wants, what God designed is evil. Amen. So, it was horrible. But in our mind, here we are, what, 60, 70 years later, we're we're looking at that and saying it really wasn't that bad. But it was that bad because as soon as they tore down that wall of protection for the home, for the family, for the woman, for the man, look at what swept in. And now we've been taken over by demon spirits. Amen. taking over minds of of of adolesccents and teenagers and young children, perverting them so much they don't know what gender they are. Amen. They don't understand what it is to be human anymore. They don't understand what it is to be biologically male or biologically female. Amen. What is wrong? Where's the protection gone? The protection never came from the government. The protection never came from education. The protection came from the word of God. And when the word of God was violated by reasoning, what is the reasoning? Well, a woman can do that job just as good as a man. And that is true. That can be a true statement. I don't mean across the board true. Yeah. Because there's some things that are just physically Amen. easier for a man than a woman. But a woman is as intelligent, as learned, as capable, as witty, as inventive, as a man. So when you go to the flu of reasoning, then the devil breaks down the wall of protection that God had for humanity, for human beings. Yes, it civilizations are beginning to collapse because people aren't having children. As simple as not getting married and having children is causing systems to come onto the brink of collapse, right? And you think that's just a minor thing. No, that's a major thing. Yes. Yeah. Because people have left God's plan. They've left God's word. They've left gender. Something as simple as gender roles. Yeah. Right. The way God wants them to be. And then when this new psychology comes down and reasoning and and reasoning affects the mind and and he gets through the word and tears it down and all of a sudden you have generations, you have decades now of this reasoning. Now it becomes offensive to say anything that's actually true. Yeah. What happened was there was reasoning that came along way back at the turn of the century. And that reasoning was to the woman, you're being prevented right from your full potential. You're being held back. Yep. Yeah. You're being discriminated against because you don't have the right to vote. Yeah. Because you can't wear pants in public, because you have to keep a certain standard, certain etiquette, and a certain role in the home. You're being held back. That was the reasoning. And you get some educated women who prove that they are as smart are smarter than their colleagues and the reasoning looks reasonable because reasoning is reasonable to the human mind. Yeah. And then here we are. You take just this however many decades it's been since the women's liberation movement and you come into the disaster that we have in society. Right. to where people who have no understanding of the scriptures are recognizing this is a disaster. They don't even know what the word says about it and they recognize that it's a disaster. What happened? Reasoning broke through the wall that was protecting not just Christians, human beings. So yeah, praise God. Amen. So the word that protected and God's design for a woman that protected the feminine nature of a woman and preserved it as feminine. Amen. and and kept it dainty and feminine and softer and kept it like uh Peter said the weaker vessel because that can be an offensive term now the weaker vessel but that's scripture that's the Bible so that shouldn't be anything of shame that shouldn't be anything that degrades or the weaker vessel that word weaker means precious or valuable are are easily broken. Like something fragile. You could use the word fragile in place of weaker. But now the woman can't be fragile anymore. She's got to be tough cuz she's got to put on her boots and go to work every day. She can't cry. She She's come to a place where the woman has to be a big boy and provide for her family, make the car payment, make the house payment. But that was never God's design for the feminine spirit. She's lost part of her identity. She's lost something that makes her who she is. Because we've left the word. Amen. That was not part of my sermon. Praise God. But it's part of God's apparently. But we can see that such a clear and stark example. But it works in everything in the word of God the same way. It's all the same. They turned they turned what God meant for protection to preserve the feminine spirit and make sure she was protected. You know the law, if you go back to the Old Testament law, you go back to the Levitical law, God wrote in the Levitical law and in the law, God always protected the woman against the abuses of a man. Always. It's riddled through the Bible. And if you think the Old Testament, Amen, is men dominating and and it is paternal. It is men dominating. But men were dominating for protection and for Amen. They were the wall for their wives. They were the protection of the woman. They had to care for her. They had to shelter. They had to protect her. And if they violated their role that God gave them in the protection of the female. Amen. The law was there to bring them back in line to their role as a protector and a preserver of the female. Yeah. Amen. But that protection, that word that protected and preserved and allowed her to stay female, fragile, sensitive, amen, sweet, and and that allowed her to stay all the things God wanted her to be. She by reasoning start to saw that as a prison cell and a gate that was locked to prevent her from being all that she wanted to be. And all of a sudden, the devil had to tell her, "It's better on the other side of this wall. Look what men get to do. Look what men get to decide. Look what they Yeah. Right. I tell you from the man's perspective. Amen. Sometimes I wish somebody else was in charge and I didn't have the responsibility and I didn't have to make the decisions. And I don't want to be a woman. I don't want to violate my roles. But sometimes I look and said, "It would just be nice to defer everything up. Ask my husband. Ask your dad. Wait till my husband gets home. Oh boy, I would love that. Grass is not always greener on the other side. And I guess guys who think it'd be great to be a woman, we we probably should go through child birth once or twice. And we might realize God's equal to everything. Amen. Everything's fair in the kingdom of God. But you realize she no longer saw the protection of God. She saw the limitation, the barrier, the comp. She was confined and then she wanted to break out of the confinement. But to break out of the confinement, she had to open the door to the word and allow the devil to come in and change the very roles uses of a woman. Amen. You think about something that's so fundamental to humanity can become so perverted and violated because we left the word. It makes me want to give up all reasoning and just say, "God, whatever your word says is all I want. Help me reject every other thought I got that's against this word." Amen. And no matter whether I understand it or I don't understand it, it doesn't matter whether I understand it. Eve didn't understand it. God didn't want her to understand it. He just wanted her to be safe, protected, and stay. She was in Eden. She was in pleasure. She was guarded and protected. She had everything and she lost it all trying to step beyond what she saw as a barrier. God help us. In the identifying masterpiece, the prophet says to think that man that was made in the image of his creator and was given a wall to stand behind and that and that word could never fail. We're listen, we're not in the situation we're in now by just odd circumstances. Everything that you see the world struggling with today is because somewhere the word was left behind. Everything, every war, all the whatever crisis, sickness, whatever you see, whatever is going on in the world, whatever social issues are, whatever government problems there are, everything is related back to this same thing is somewhere along the line, they let down the bar on the word. Amen. And then the devil swept in and perversion came and it ruined everything that God was intending to protect. So the commandment of God was never a barrier for the children of God. It was always our freedom. The the word of God has never been a chain to limit your movement, to limit your liberty, to limit you from doing and going and being all that he called you to be. The word of God was to keep you from getting chains put on you. Praise God. Amen. Amen. As soon as Eve and Adam crossed the line of God's word, here come a big old ball and chain clamp around their leg. She wanted freedom and she was offered a bit of freedom and a little more liberty, a little more knowledge, a little more pleasure. And what does she get? Death and destruction and heartache. Amen. Right. They never had to know what death was. They never had to know what a weakening body was. They never had to know what sickness was. And now she would grieve over the loss of Abel. They had no clue what death was. But they would experience death. Yeah. She didn't know what was pain was. But in childbearing, she would bring forth in pain and sorrow. She had no idea what pain was. Can you imagine how traumatic these first experiences were? Immediately she went from bliss and freedom and and and everything she could ever want and perfection. She didn't know what perfection was because she lived in perfection. She couldn't define perfection because everything was perfection. She didn't know what freedom was. That word meant nothing to her because the only thing she'd ever experienced was freedom. Liberty, freedom, peace, joy. She had all of it and had nothing different than that. She had it to its maximum level and she lost all of it in measure because she wanted a little more. Praise God. Help us, God. And they walk out of the Garden Eden with a a ball and chain strapped to them. And now they're in absolute bondage because of the freedom that Satan offered because they left the word. And Satan's in. He says, "Now Satan, this deceiver, as spoke of in Matthew 24:25, with so much deceit, now we find that by his gospel programs of knowledge, better education, higher ethics, civilization, and so forth has bewitched the people that wants to serve God into believing his lie." Eve did not want to do that, but he showed her how it was more wisdom in it. She didn't know, she wanted to know, she didn't understand, but she wanted to understand. And God told her not to try to understand. And that was what tripped her up. There was something she wanted. Again, in Satan's, he says, "Now, hatred and death and eternal separation from God in this Eden, lust, filth, perversion by sewing the wrong seed reminds me of the vision I seen before I ever met the Pentecostal people of that man going around the world in white. You've heard me tell it many times. And one came in behind him sewing seeds of discord. But he won it fairly in e in the garden of Eden by the lust of Eve for sin. The lust for Eve of sin. Then if Eve lusted for knowledge, it was a sin. When Eve wanted to experience something beyond the word, that was sin. Because she had to disbelieve the word and the reason the word was given to go beyond the word. She had to believe the devil's lie that there was some sort of uh uh something being withheld. There was something more that she could have, something more that she could experience. And the reality is there was some truth to that. Their eyes were open. They did know good and evil. And I guarantee they didn't like the evil that they now saw for the first time. What the devil offered them was so enticing because they didn't know what it was. It was something else. something I've never experienced, something I'd like to experience. I want to know. And all of a sudden, the the desire, the lust for knowledge began to build. She wanted to know what was behind this barrier, what was behind this wall that now to her became negative. And as soon as she stepped beyond the wall, all of a sudden she realized, I didn't want to know what evil was. Oh, if I could go back to only knowing what good was. Amen. How many of us wish we had no idea what evil was? If we would have just stayed true to the commandments, if we would have just obeyed our parents, as simple as just doing what the scripture says, honor thy father and thy mother, obey the your parents, amen, as unto the Lord. If we would have just kept that simple scripture all through our our teenage life and our growing up life. How many scars would be spared now? But there's so many things we now know as evil because I didn't do the simple scripture of honoring mother and father, right? Amen. Because I saw mother and father as a barrier to pleasure, as a barrier to freedom. And I saw mom and dad as a cage about me. And I saw their rules as a limitation to my freedom and my understanding and my knowledge. Amen. And no doubt there's been cages in the past. But amen, the principle of God stands true. Amen. That God gives godly parents because godly parents have more wisdom and understand what good and evil is all about. And so they tell their children, "You're not allowed to do this and you're not allowed to do that." Amen. And as they grow older, they change those boundaries, but they still give them the wisdom of knowing. But when the young people, listen to me, all of you who are young, as soon as the devil starts to get whispering in your mind, they don't want you to have fun, right? They don't want me to experience this. They don't want me. They They don't understand. They don't know. Listen, they may understand a whole lot more than you know than you realize. They might may they may understand exactly what's behind curtain number two because they went beyond curtain number two before and they saw the good and the evil. If we would just do the simplest of the simple things, we would have been spared so much trouble. If we would just stay with what the prophet taught and not reason with it, it would just be so much easier. James 1:27 says this, "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." So this is true religion to keep ourselves unspotted from the world. This is so interesting. I started asking myself what is the world? What is the world? Because if I need to true religion is to keep myself unspotted from the world. What is the world? Because you know uh growing up and so many times I start thinking of the world as things out there. Out there's the world, right? The world's out there. Hey, listen. You can be in the world right now where you sit. You're in church, but you could be in the world. So, don't put the world out and and and and black dark places and and and extreme this and places you would never go and darken the door of these establishments and these places. That's not the world. Amen. That that that's that's part of the world. But then I wanted to look at the scripture and see in 1 John 2:15 says, "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the father, but is of the world." So what is all that's in the world? Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life. Amen. That's why you don't have to go to a bar to be in the world. You don't have to go to whatever place we're not supposed to go to to be in the world. You can be in the world sitting in your living room. You can be in the world sitting in this church. Because if you're caught up in the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and pride of life, Amen. You have the world in you now. Amen. That is what happened to Eve. She got caught up in those things. Amen. in the world. Amen. Became appealing to her and she entered the world, but she was still in the Garden of Eden. She didn't have to leave the Garden of Eden to go into the world. She went into the world in the Garden of Eden. Yeah. You don't have to leave church. You don't have to leave your home. You don't have to leave your family to go to the world. You can go to the world in your mind. You can go to the world in your private time. You can go to the world because you give over to these lusts. James 1:14 says, "But every man is tempted when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed. And when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. And sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death." So this is the cycle of sin. It starts with lust. And what lust? Your own lust. Something in you that starts to crave, desire something. And this word lust means desire, craving, longing, desire for what is forbidden. Lust. So this lust is not when we say lust, we immediately associated with things that are sexual or sensual. But that's not lust. Lust is anything you're longing for or craving for, right? I mean, you your pride can have you craving and longing for a position or status or accolades among men, and that's the world, and it'll lead you the wrong way. You can be lusting for uh uh sexual pleasure. You can be lusting for other physical pleasures. You can be lusting for satisfaction in another way. And that's the world. So we can be in the world without changing locations. And the wall in Eden was penetrated. And I don't think anything physical was tore down. Yeah. I don't think a stone was toppled. Yeah. I don't think a padlock was cut. I don't think a hedge was chainsaw. But the wall was penetrated. Amen. Praise God. John 8:31 says, "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on on him, if you continue in my word, then you are my disciples indeed, and you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Amen. What's been restored in our day? Amen. The truth. What did the truth come? To make us free. They answered him, "We be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man. How sayest thou, you shall be made free?" They were going back to physical bondage. And he says, Jesus answered them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin." Now Jesus brings it right back to internal bondage. Not a physical handcuffs, not a physical army marching in and hauling you away and putting you in a prison camp somewhere. No, this bondage that he's talking about is a spiritual bondage that takes place inside of you. But he says, "I come that you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free so that you can't be brought into bondage that you won't be chained down inside your soul that you'll stay free." So the truth shall make us free. Turn with me to Matthew if you could. Matthew chapter 4 and then Matthew chapter 4. Let's go to verse one. Matthew 4:1 Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted 40 days and 40 nights, he was afterward hungered. And when the tempter came to him, he said, "If thou be a son of God, command these stones to be made bread." But he answered and said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." See, the devil begins by tempting him physically because Jesus had fasted 40 days and he was hungered. So, this is a reasonable request. If you're a son of God, just make this bread. You've got dominion like Adam had dominion. Just feed yourself. There's nothing wrong with eating bread. And he starts to he starts to try to move uh Jesus into his own plan. And he starts to work on his desires. lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, pride of life, the same thing that Eve fell by. Remember said he overcame it here in the wilderness. Those three things said then the devil taketh him up into the holy city and setth him on the pinnacle of a temple and saith unto him, if thou be the son of God, cast thyself down, for it is written, he shall give his angels charge concerning thee, and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou shalt dash thy foot against the stone. Jesus said unto him, it is written again, thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. Verse 8, again the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and showed him all the kingdoms of the world, and all the glory of them, and saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down, and worship me. Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan, for it is written, Thou shalt not worship. Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve. Then the devil leaveth him, and behold, angels came and ministered unto him. Here Jesus is led of the Holy Ghost, amen, into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. And he's got to face down the same three temptations that Eve saw that Eve faced. It was good for food, pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise. Lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, pride of life. Jesus comes into the same thing. And where Eve failed, Eve failed by reasoning. She failed by considering what the devil said and now looking at the object he was pointing to and started to consider this object and try to determine whether this thing was actually good or bad or not by her own intellect and she couldn't see where anything was wrong with it. So she moved forward. Jesus never does that. He never starts to get into an intellectual debate. He never starts to reason. As soon as the as soon as the devil comes and baits him, he comes back with another scripture and stays behind the wall. Yeah. Amen. He doesn't enter reasoning. He doesn't enter dialogue. He doesn't say, "Well, I feel and I think and and maybe." No, he just he gives him another scripture and stays behind the wall. And after three attempts, amen, three times he gives him the word. He stays behind the wall. And behind the wall, the devil cannot penetrate the wall of the word. He can only get through the flu of reasoning of the mind. And when Jesus doesn't go to reasoning and he doesn't go to debate, he just stays behind the word. The devil leaves him. The devil fled from him because he couldn't get through that wall. Now Jesus was Jesus behind the wall. Oh, praise God. Where was Jesus? He was led of the Holy Ghost into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. What is the wilderness? He goes into vulnerability and isolation with no help, no church, no building, no temple, no priesthood. He's all alone. He's in the wilderness. He doesn't have a house. He doesn't have a building. He has absolutely no protection. and no defense. And the the Holy Ghost leads him to the weakest place that he could lead him. 40 days fasting and he's hungry. This temptation was not a mild temptation. Why don't you just get some bread? Well, if I just got up from dinner and the devil says, "Won't you speak bread into existence?" I say, "No, I'm not interested. God didn't tell me to." But if I fasted 40 days and 40 nights and afterwards I'm hungered after a 40-day fast, that's a different temptation altogether. The Holy Ghost leads him into the wilderness. He's got no support system, no friends, no mom, no dad, no priesthood, no temple. All he has is the word. And the word is enough. Amen. God did that to Jesus for you and I. Amen. There's not a place that we can't go and be protected by this word if we stay behind the word. Now, don't misunderstand me. There's places you shouldn't go because the word tells you not to. You can't stay behind the word and go to certain places. Brother Franco, if you could go back to the whiteboard for just a moment. We're going to go back to the whiteboard here and let's go to another picture. that the Bible says uh I'm not praying to take you out of the world but that my father will keep you from the evil. Jesus when he prayed for his disciples he wasn't praying for an escape from the world. They were going to stay in the world but he was praying that God would keep them from the evil in the world and that protection was going to come from the word. So where are we living? We're living right in Satan's Eden. We live smack dab in the middle of Satan's Eden. Listen, God built a wall for his children in his Eden. I want you to think about where God gave them a wall. He gave them a wall in a place of perfection. In Eden, when everything was perfect and in order and according to his word, he gave them a wall. Now, we're in Satan's Eden where nothing is in order. Nothing is imperfection and everything is perverted and everything is according to Satan's design. He's come to the pinnacle of his civilization. And when everything is wrong, God has restored the wall back for us. We're behind a wall in Eden, not God's Eden. We're behind a wall in Satan's Eden. And it's not a brick wall, and it's not a church building, and it's not a code of rules, and it's not a theology. Amen. It's the word of God. Amen. Amen. and it goes with us wherever we go. So, I'm just going to draw this little picture here. Praise God. Here's the road and here's here's us coming down the road of life. And we have to travel this life. We have to live in this life. We can't wait for it to get perfect to start living. And no matter where you go, whether you go to the factory, smoke stacks, or you go to college, the the place of higher learning, right? Amen. Wherever you go, you can be behind the wall. We have jobs that God's given us. But some of those jobs take us to places that are not pleasant. That's right. We have to work with people sometimes that are not spiritually uplifting. Is that diplomatic enough? We have to work in environment sometimes that is not conducive to be pleasurable for us, not conducive to the Christian life. It's the job God give us. He says, "I don't pray to take you out of the world, but to keep you from the evil that's in the world." Amen. You, some of us have to go to places of of higher education or or not even higher education. Sometimes you just got to go to school and you got to take different things. And there's many of you that have been to Apollo and and some that have been to UNO and some that have been OU and some that have been Ohio State. And those places aren't always sanctified. They're not always clean. They're not always clean of influences. They're not always free of of the world. But I've watched many of you pass through those places and you went in and you came out and you were preserved. Amen. Many of you have to go to workplaces and factories and and different businesses and office buildings and sometimes, listen, sometimes the medical field is worse than the factory. Yeah. The things people talk about, the jokes that they tell. Amen. The the the the the news that they bring up, their political views and their view on the world and all of these things are so contrary to the word. They're so opposite to what we believe. And we have to go into those environments. God never called us to be monks and start a monastery and all of us sit around behind wall build walls and sit here to be safe. Amen. It doesn't matter what job God gives you and where he sends you and what training you go to and what school you go to. If you stay behind the wall of his word, wherever God leads you, Amen. If it's to the wilderness, you can be safe behind the wall. If it's to a workplace and then all of a sudden you get assigned to a new area and that area has the the the most vile of the vile of people who want to talk about vile things all day. Hey, listen. If God leads you there, God can preserve you right there in Satan's Eden. If all you do is keep your mind on his word day and night and don't let any reasoning enter in and stay behind the word, God has given us something in this Eden. He gave his children something in his Eden and they walked around from behind it. He's given us something in this Eden. Amen. And it's our choice whether we stay behind it or walk out from around it. That's right. This message is the greatest gift that God has ever given to us to send a prophet on this age that can tap into the back part of God's mind that begin to restore back the word as it was intended to be and bring it right into our generation and teach us how to live the New Testament gospel in a modern era. Yeah. And he would tell us God doesn't like these things and way that God wants the women to dress and the way he wants the men to conduct themselves and what's right in marriage and divorce and who can marry and who can't marry and what what you can do in church and not do in church and whatever else you can imagine that he taught us. Amen. And if we would just receive the gift that God gave us, we would re re realize through the message he has rebuilt a wall that is impenetrable by the devil and all his reasonings of this scientific age. Brother man would tell us, amen, that science is of the devil. And then he would tell us, but you no educate, science is of the devil and education's of the devil. He says, but you got to have some to live in this world. So you go to take some schooling and you're going to the devil's playground. Yeah. But you can go and come out pure. Amen. Amen. Not because you know more. Not because you're stronger or you have a stronger willpower, but you can go and come out simply because you stay with what God brought us in this generation. It's simple. It's simpler than we make it. It's much easier than we make it. The struggle is when we are enticed by our own lusts and we begin to reason things. Well, why would he say this? Why this? I don't understand where it apply. Soon as we start going down that reasoning, that's a flu. Amen. That can give him access through the wall. I said, "God, some things I don't understand. Some things I don't understand. I don't know why, but I believe it. I I want to understand. I'm seeking to understand. God, help me to understand. But until I understand, it doesn't mean I'm going to neglect what we've been taught because I don't understand it. No, God, if you saw fit to bring it to us and teach it and show us in your word, this is the way you want us to live, then that's the right way to live. If these if this is the role of a woman, then praise God, that's the role of a woman. If this is the role of a man, then praise God, that's the role of a man. That's true. Doesn't matter what I've heard all my life or what the environment around me teaches. It doesn't matter even what what ideas bounce through my own mind. I'll reject them all and come back to your word. Amen. Because if I if I allow that flu to open and I allow that to come in, then all of a sudden my protection is gone and I'm going to find myself corrupt. Amen. Because whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. If we could go back to the PowerPoint now. See, when Adam was on the earth, he wasn't hemmed in by the wall of Eden cuz he was God of the earth. He could go wherever. And wherever he went, he was behind the wall. When Jesus Christ was on the earth, everywhere he went, he was behind that same wall. The wall of the word. He was safe behind the wa the wall. And listen, wherever we go, we can be behind the same wall. Praise God. John 17 14. I have given them thy word, and thy word has and the world hath hated them because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou should keep them from the evil. They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. Do you believe God can keep you? He's chosen not at this time to take us out, but to leave us here. And we're surrounded by the world and all the things that are a part of the world. Amen. But he prayed for us that he would keep us from the evil. And I believe that prayer is still in effect today. Amen. In second Peter 2:1 19, it says, "While they promised them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption." These are false ministers coming in and telling people whatever they were telling them in that day. He says, "They themselves are the servants of corruption. For of whom a man has overcome of the same as he brought in bondage. For after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they had known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it has happened unto them according to the true proverb, the dog is turned to his own vomit again, and the s that was washed to a wallow in the mire, promising liberty, but bringing into bondage. Because anything contrary to the word brings bondage. Amen. Romans 6 says this. Know you not that to whom you yield yourselves servants to obey. His servants you are to whom you obey. Whether of sin unto death or of obedience unto righteousness. But God be thanked that you were the servants of sin. But you have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered to you. Being then made free from sin, you became the servants of righteousness. So whenever you yield yourself servants to obey, that's whose master that's whose servant you are. That's who your master is. And we think of you. We can think of vile wicked things and horrible sins. But if you just take the most simplest of sin, you can find this this uh truth plays out. Because you take the commandment that says don't lie. Does anybody believe that's a commandment of the Lord? Amen. Not to lie. When we go and we and we lie, all of the sudden we have broken through the barrier of protection for our heart and our mind. And we've given access to the devil because of the lie we told. And because of that lie, now a corruption starts to come into our heart because now condemnation starts to come in and condemnation starts to work on us. And then we have guilt and then we have shame. Then all of a sudden we are brought into bondage by what? By leaving the word. I mean so simple. It doesn't have to be super complicated. You say, "Well, that's because of sexual sins and that's because of addictions." No. The simplest of the simplest can bring us into bondage because whatever you yield your member servant to, you become a slave to that thing because now you can't set the record straight. Now, guilt and condemnation and now you it it starts to affect your fellowship and it starts to affect the way you hear service because the guilt and condemnation starts to bring you into corruption. Amen. Starts to darken your heart. Amen. Starts to separate you from the things of God. And the more that goes on and the more you have to support that lie with more lies, the deeper and darker you get. Until now, it's hard for you to come and sit in service. It's hard. Every time the preacher starts getting on something, you start to feel really uneasy on the inside because this thing needs to be exposed. You don't know how to expose it. And you're in absolute bondage over something that seems so simple. I did a chapel a couple weeks ago for the uh the students at Bible believers. And so we talked about some of these things and I just wanted to teach it to them. But as in teaching it to them, I got super blessed. I got super blessed because I realized how this is the trap that we all get trapped into. I mean, it's like if I told them I said if a child lies to their parents, they do something they weren't supposed to do and they lie about it. All of a sudden they've opened a door to a spirit. They brought corruption into their own heart and their own mind. And that corruption that they brought in starts to actually damage the relationship with their parents. Now, instead of running to mom and dad when they go from school, instead of running and embracing them, now they just want to bypass and go outside and kick a ball or they they want to go to their room. And it's the guilt and condemnation. Every time they get close to mom and dad and mom or dad pull them up close, they like it, but they don't like it. They they want to be embraced, but they want to get away because they got all this going on in the inside. All because they opened the door. Yes. And it brings us into bondage. So what was the commandment for? For freedom. The simplest of commandments to the most whatever we would say biggest or smallest, it's all to keep you and I free. The Bible talks about gossip, tailbearing, backbiting, right? Is it is that a theme in the New Testament? Tailbearing, backbiting. The Bible says, "A whisperer separateth very friends." We start gossiping and start something as simple as telling somebody something they don't need to know that they're not involved in that has nothing to do with them. That's gossip. And you know how we get around gossip as Christians? I'm telling you this so you could pray for them. Come on. You just pray for them. Don't go get all the prayer warriors together so you can share the story with them. But something as simple as gossip can destroy your relationship with your brothers and sisters. Then when you come to church, if you if you've been running somebody down or you've been gossiping, if you told something that somebody asked you not to tell or know something you know you shouldn't have told and you told it. Amen. Listen. And don't you ever think that that person you told it to won't tell it again. Yeah. Don't listen. Some of us have been long alive long enough to realize, Amen. If something turns their ear to listen to gossip, then that means they like gossip. And they're probably apt to repeat your gossip. Oh, I wish we could I wish we could have friends that when we're weak and we begin to say something to somebody, hey, I did you hear about so- and so, they would say, hey, let's not talk about it because I don't know that person. I'm not involved with them. and what you're going to tell me probably doesn't relate to me. And so I don't want to hear anything negative about anybody because I love my brothers and sisters and I want to think the best. Oh, if we could give each other that answer in our moments of weakness and temptation, we'd really help each other. And it's staying saying, "What happened? Tell me really what else happened? Is that all?" But see, this is something that we all deal with because we're human beings. It happens in households. It happens in churches. It happens everywhere you have human beings in workplaces and family gatherings and whatever. But when you begin to do that, all of a sudden, what happens is the next time you go to embrace that brother, that sister, you've got a guilty conscience. Yeah. Right. And then in the foyer, it's a little easier to walk past them and then to walk up to them, embrace them, and hug them because your conscience is bothering you because you know you told something you shouldn't tell. And you know, and especially when it comes back to you, you know, it spread three or four times. Oh my goodness. You're going to have a hard time. You're going to have a hard time. And what begins to happen in the simplest of simples of defying the commandments of the Lord begins to break down relationships and bring us into bondage and separate very friends in the Bible in and the proverb says chief friends. It begins to destroy and that's why and it's an abomination to the Lord those that sow discord among brethren. That's an abomination to God. That's just not that's not just a no no. Don't lie. It's an abomination to God. Those that sow discord among brother. So when we do something so simple, what we call so simple, we don't realize that we've brought ourselves under bondage. We are now locked up on the inside. We are now not free. And it's our own fault. It's not God's fault. And it's not God's chastisement. Is it chastisement? Sure. But we brought it completely upon ourselves. Amen. By walking past the barrier. Listen, there's so many things we can become ins snared with. Amen. We can have these hooks set in us and we can't get free from them. And sometimes we don't know how to get free from them because it goes on so long and relationships are so damaged. We don't know how to get free from them. It's because we didn't simply stay behind the wall. And now the wall's going away and we're damaging ourselves. The prophet of God, he taught us, he taught us about avoiding worldly fashions. He taught us about avoiding entertainments of the world and being influenced by the world. Amen. And if we don't listen to the prophet, then all of a sudden we start to get pick up these little influences. We start to get into entertainments. We start get into these things and those things have corrupting power inside of us. And they start to weaken our faith and they start to put the wrong ideas and thoughts in our mind. all because we just simply didn't listen to what we were told. And then we can look at the commandment and we can look at what God has given us for liberty and we can look at it as a barrier to pleasure. But there's nothing God gave us that is a barrier for a son and daughter of God. Everything God's told us is to preserve our liberty so that we stay free in our soul. We stay free in our minds. We stay free in our bodies. We don't start getting addicted to entertainments and videos. We don't start getting addicted to all these other things that are so addictive. Amen. That's bondage, friends. But the word of God came to give us liberty. And the truth was meant to set us free. It all depends on how we see this message, right? It all depends when we see the message and we hear brother Brandon and we hear him railing against sin and railing against fashions of the world and railing against waterhead haircuts and Jaclyn Kennedy fashions that sweeping out and railing against women on the police force. And you look at that and you begin to wse and say, "Oh, it's too much and it's too far." And we don't realize that's liberty. That's the wall to keep us free from the culture, from the world that is penetrating and tearing us down. I just invite you if you've ever seen the message as a limitation in a barrier or a cage, I pray you to go back and look at it again. Amen. Go back and look at it again because it was never even if somebody misused it, mishandled and made a cage out of it. That's just what a human being did. That's not what God did. That's not God's fault. Everybody misuses everything. Everything good is misused. Amen. Fatherhood's been abused. Motherhood's been abused. Teachers have the authority of teachers have been abused. Everything everything good gets abused. But because it's abused doesn't mean there's not true fatherhood and there's not true motherhood and there's not true teachers. If something's happened in our life and it's tainted us in a way that we see the message and the prophet and the things that he brought and the things that he taught and the restoration of the word and we see that somehow as a wall that's hemming us in, we have missed the whole picture. Because the reality is it doesn't hem you in. You can do whatsoever you want to do. God has not boxed you in. He has not hemmed you in. You're only boxed in in your own mind. The devil's lying to you, saying you're bound in this trap. No, you can go around it anytime you want to go around it and do whatever you want to do. God's not going to stop you. Right. All God has done is provide a shield of protection and invited you to come in. Yeah. Amen. And he told us it's perfect and it won't fail and it can't be penetrated and you'll be completely safe behind this wall. Amen. But whether we see it as protection or we see it as bondage depends on what's between our ears. But the way we see it is the benefit we get from it. Yeah. The way we view the commandments of God, the way we view the message, the way we view the word is actually the benefit we get out of it. Because I've seen individuals who without question just believe that God sent us a prophet and that God taught us what he wants us to know. And they just in a simple way just believe it. And you see them prosper and you see their families prosper and you see the protection that the word's promised. You see individuals who are always questioning everything. Did he really mean this? And why did he say this? And why did he teach that? And that's no way to live. It's no way to live. I say, let's go back to see what God has given us as a provision from God. Not the workings of man, the provision of God. It's the restoration of the word. Amen. It's the Bible brought back into our view with the scales taken off and all man's teaching stripped away so that we can come back and know what God wants. And we know where the wall is and we know where to stand. Amen. I think that's God has been so good to us to give us a wall. He's been so loving to us to restore the word. The greatest thing that has ever happened to me outside of being born again is hearing the voice of a prophet of God. That'll bring the truth of God's word back front and center. Where would we be without a prophet? Where would you be if there was an authority on the earth that could say God meant this when he said that he meant this and this is what God wants? If we didn't have an authority of a prophet, where would we be? Amen. We would be we would be tangled up in all kinds of stuff. But listen friends, listen. Uh this world is in a disaster. This world is burning down. Amen. Brother Van Priest, this world is falling apart again. And I say, "And again." Amen. And again, this world is falling apart. But look at your lives. Amen. God has given you families and homes and peace in your heart. And God, yeah, we have trials like everybody else, but we don't have them like everybody else. Amen. We have sicknesses come. We have troubles that strike. We have difficulties that come. But there's something inside of us. Amen. There's some peace inside of us, some connection with God because he's brought us back behind this word. And the devil can't get in and torment our mind and corrupt our soul and twist us up and knots and have us all tied up in bondage. We got to the place where we can be in the midst of a difficult circumstance and sing and dance because God is going to get me out of this because God has told me who I am and what he wants and I've stayed behind his wall. I would rather be free in my heart than in my body. Amen. Paul and Silas were not free when they were beaten when they went on trial and they laid upon them many stripes and they put them into the inner jail cell and they fastened them in stalks. They were not free, but they were free. But you have people that you work with and people you walk past and people you associate with. They're as free as free can be. They can get in their car and drive anywhere they want to drive. They got enough extra money to buy some more gas and go to another state. They can buy what they want in Walmart. They can do whatever they want. And they are absolutely in bondage and in misery. I want to be free like Paul and Silas was free. I want to free because the freedom that Christ gives the liberty that Jesus Christ has given us in restoring the word. Paul says in 1 Corinthians 6:12, "All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient." All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any. Hey, listen. We We talk all the time about the law and and we're not under the law and and all of these things, but let's not get a wrong understanding of that. Christ came and fulfilled the law so that we don't have to fulfill the law. He fulfilled it for us. And by faith in him, we get credit for what he did for us. And he freed us from the bondage of trying to get close to God by keeping commandments. But that never made the law evil or bad. It was always beautiful. It was always good. What was the law? The Old Testament was law. Was just God giving man commandments so man could stay close to God and treat other people right. Yes. The law kept kept Israel healthy. Yeah. Free from disease. Yeah. In good fellowship and association with one another. Free from influx of enemies and spiritually free from false understanding and idolatry. Yeah. That's what the law was intended to do. It was intended to keep Israel free. But God gave them a law so that they could realize that in this corrupted hybrid flesh, I can't keep the law. Not because there's a problem with the law, but because there's a problem with me. So Jesus came in flesh to fulfill the law, to pay the price, to free me from the obligation of fulfilling the law. But it doesn't mean what God taught in the law was wrong. I should still take care of my neighbor. I should still Amen. I should still take care of the widow. I should still provide for the poor. I should still worship God and serve God. Praise God. Amen. Oh, in the message of prisoner, he says, "Now we're all born a free moral agent to make any decision that we wish to." God justly does that because he must put every man on the same basis or he put the wrong man. He put the first man on the wrong basis that he put on free moral agency. We're just exactly tonight like Adam and Eve. There's no difference. Right and wrong sets before either one of us. Life and death. We can make our choice. up to you to make it. Yeah. So this is my question to you. I mean most of us have heard and we heard things that we don't want to repeat and we don't want to talk about but just for an analogy people who have left the message said the message was bondage to me. I was bound but you left. You had the liberty to walk away. Yeah, whenever you wanted, you left. You chose a different lifestyle. It was only bondage in your mind. It was no bondage. It was only bondage because of the way you viewed it. And that might have been because somebody presented it wrong. No doubt that's happened. So, it's not we're not we're not giving anybody a free pass. That's right. But the problem is not the message because anytime you want to leave, you can leave. Anytime you want to practice something else, you can practice something else. Anytime you want to do something else, you who's going to stop you? Who's going to prevent you? Who's going to come arrest you and handcuff you and take you to what kind of jail? Yeah. See, it's only bondage because the devil's made it look like bondage. Amen. And that may be the fault if somebody's presented it wrong. We can all be in fault and presenting it wrong. But when we go back to the truth of God's word, it's never bondage. It's always liberty. Amen. If it starts to feel like bondage, we should say, "God, give me a pure revelation of your There's something I'm missing. It may be the way it's being presented to me. It may be the way I'm receiving it. It may be something from my past. It may be my own wrong understanding. But whatever it is, God, this this message feels like bondage to me. And I don't believe that you you meant it to be bondage. I believe you meant it to be freedom. So, would you please give me a revelation of the truth of your word? because this is the greatest freedom and freedom from bondage that is has struck this earth. Amen. It's the greatest thing that's happened to me in my lifetime. The freedom that I was bound up I was I was raised in church and I was raised knowing some degree of right and wrong and I had no capacity in myself to overcome no no matter how much I agreed with what was being taught to me. Amen. But this message come and brought a life of Christ back to me. Amen. You realize that the reason that Christ come and fulfilled the law was to free us from the obligation of having to fulfill it which we cannot do in these fallen condition, these fallen bodies. But he did it in such a way that he could sanctify us so he could bring his spirit. The same spirit that fulfilled the law is the same spirit that's available to you and I so that God can live his own law in you and I. He told him, he said, "There'll come a day when I'll write my law in their hearts." Amen. You know, God didn't say, "I'm going to throw away my law." No. He said, "No, I'm going to transfer the law from a book of ordinances and from having to keep it and master it so you can come to heaven." No, that's not it anymore. Now, I'm taking the same law and I'm putting it in your heart. Why? By the spirit of God. The same spirit that fulfilled the law is the same spirit that's here to fulfill it in you and I. It's not something we have to do in our own strength. It's not something we have to do. We can't. Israel never could. It was impossible because of the fallen nature of man. This is why Paul is saying, "Hey, he in in Romans 7, he said, "The law which was holy, the law which was good, it became death to me because it exposed all the faults inside of me and I never found inside of me the power to fully overcome all of these things." So what was meant for life became death. And we realized that was God's purpose because the law, Amen, was a school teacher. It was a school master, a tutor to bring us to Christ so that we realize we need redemption. We need Christ. We need somebody to take our place. And we need that life inside of us. So we don't ever want to make the commandments of God something negative. They're never negative. They're always positive. But we need the spirit of God to give us the strength to live this word. We'll never do it on our own. We'll never do it by oursel. Psalms 119 says, "The word is a lamp unto my feet and a light into my path." Amen. Then I want to I want to read this. Psalms 19, I just love this. Said, "The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul." Amen. The testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart. The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. The judgment of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey, and the honeycomb. Moreover, by them as thy servant warned, and in keeping of them is great reward. Amen. There's nothing wrong with the law. The law was done away with because it could never bring anybody to perfection because of the sin nature, not because the nature of God's word. But praise God, friends, he's not asked us to keep this word by ourselves. He says, "If you'll open up to me and receive me, I'll come and live in you and I'll write my word in your hearts and I'll live that word through you if you just surrender to me." Man, don't don't ever listen isn't what you know what is bondage? Ignorance is bondage. God says, "My people perish for lack of knowledge." Ignorance is bondage. You know what freedom is? Revelation of the word. How many of us were bound in some traditional teaching that never could set us free? We can never get over we were bound because ignorance was bondage. But God came and shine this bright light to remove the ignorance to take away the bondage. Amen. To set us free. This message is freedom. Amen. And now with the word of God restored, you've got a force field. Sorry for using that terminology. That comes from my boyhood days. We'd play freeze tag and I had force field. You couldn't touch me. But now we're walking with a force field. It's invisible to the rest of the world. They can't see it. Amen. They don't know how it works, but we know how it works. Keep your heart and mind stayed on him. I set your word always before my face that I sin not against thee. I meditate on thee day and night. Amen. Why? Because that's my shield. That's my force field. That's the wall he gave me. I listen to the message. I read the message. I read my Bible. I pray. I stay in this word because this word is the wall. It is my force field. And now wherever I go, we find ourselves in difficult circumstances and we find ourselves in compromised positions, places we don't want to be, things we don't want to hear. Amen. And all kinds of things that go on. But you don't have to worry if you just stay behind the wall. None of that will penetrate to your mind. Amen. None of that will get down and corrupt your soul if you just stay behind the the wall of the word. And don't ever forget, it's a voluntary staying behind the wall. Amen. God never gave us a commandment. And God didn't send this prophet to chain us in the message. Amen. To bring us into the garden of the message and slam the iron gates closed and lock it so you'd be safe. Listen, you'll be safe wherever you go. If the message is in your heart, if you got the revelation of the word, you'll be safe. If you go to school, you go to work, you go wherever, you'll be safe. Amen. because you're behind the wall. And let's all stand together. Musicians, if you'd please come. Amen. Many things we didn't get to, but that's okay. We got to enough. Amen. To realize I'm I'm so thankful for what God has given to us. I don't know how I could ever thank him enough. I don't know how we could ever realize how free we really are. We live free and don't remember. Sometimes, it's been so long. We were in bondage. We don't remember what it was like to believe false things, to be confused about stuff. We don't remember that because we've been so long freed from those things. But I just say thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your freedom. And let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we thank you Lord for your goodness to us, for your mercy and for your grace, Lord. that God, in the darkest of times, you restored a protection for your people. You brought a wall, an impenetrable, uncsurmountable wall to keep us safe. God, you've restored your word. And Lord, we love your word. And I pray, Lord Jesus, that you'd bring us a greater revelation of your word. That you would open our eyes to see. Lord, we come to you for the Isav in this generation. Would you just rub it in our eyes and open our eyes that we might see the truth of this end time message? And Lord, you've given us the privilege, the opportunity by free moral agency. We can choose whether we stay behind this wall or not. But God, I choose to stay behind this wall. Help me, Lord, where my failings are, where my shortcomings are. God, just bring more revelation to me, Lord, that I might see that wall at all times. That I might keep it before me, Lord. That I might keep your word before my face. So Lord, as you were in the wilderness, isolated and alone and hungry, but you were perfectly safe behind the word. God, when I find myself isolated and in need, alone, compromise and vulnerable, may Lord, the reality of the strength that you've placed us behind, may it come to our minds. May we realize how blessed we are, Lord, to have your word and how simple it can be just to take you at your word and hold steady and let you be our shield and let you be our rock and let you be our wall. God, I want to stay behind you. I want to stay under you, Lord. I want to be cloaked in you and surrounded by you, Lord. If this message is has built us a wall, I want to be behind it, Lord. I want to be right in the middle of it, Lord. I want to be in the thickest part cuz I know I can't make it on my own. Lord, I can't stay free. I can't uh avoid the vices and the trappings of the enemy. I'm not smart enough. I don't have enough knowledge or intellect or willpower. But God, I trust your word. I thank you for sending it to us, Lord. May you bless us, Lord. May you bless your people. May you give us a proper vision of what this message really is. May you give us the correct understanding. And may we rejoice in the protection you've given us. May we run into this strong tower and be safe, Lord, for you are the strong tower and you are the message and you are the word and you're our defender. You're our shield. You're our buckler. You're our strong tower. You're our mighty fortress. We run into you and are safe. Lord, we love you for all you've given to us. And may Lord, the reality become deeper ingrained in our souls. And Lord, I pray for our young people, Lord, our children and teenagers, those who still question, Lord, and have doubts. I pray, God, that you'd bring them a greater revelation. God, we don't want anybody to see this word as bondage. We want them to see it as liberty, freedom. Freedom from the trappings of the devil. Free from the ignorance of denominationalism. Free from all the ws of the enemy. God, help me to present the message the right way. Lord, forgive me, Lord, for my own humanity and my own eagerness. Lord, I don't ever want to present your glorious liberty the wrong way. Help me, God. Lord, just take over my life, Lord, and take over this gift you placed in me. May we constantly, Lord, be presenting your truth, Lord, in the way that you want it presented and give people opportunity, Lord, to step behind your glorious wall. For God, we stand in Satan's Eden and there's no way we're going to make it on our own. Lord, we need your protection. Lord, we go to places, Lord, that are compromised. We hear things, Lord, that are ungodly. We're exposed to things in our eyes and our ears and all around us, Lord, that that would take our souls away. But oh God, in this hour, you've given us the greatest, Lord, the greatest you could, the greatest wall, the greatest protection. And I want to thank you for this message. I want to lift my hands to you, Lord, and say, "I'm so grateful, Lord, to live in this day. And I'm so grateful you gave me ears to hear. I'm so grateful you let tapes and books come my way. I'm so grateful for a fellowship of believers that believe this word and that we can grow together, Lord, into your likeness. I'm so thankful that you allowed me to hear your prophet's voice. God, you have protected me. You've protected my family. You've protected my children. Who knows what would have happened to us without this wall. And God, we want to stay behind it. We want to serve you and love you and give you our lives as a sacrifice. I want to be chained, Lord. Not chained behind a wall. Not chained behind doctrine. I want to be chained by chains of love. Bound to you because there's no place else I want to be but attached to you. Lord, bless us as we move from here. May we recognize what it is you've given us and done for us. And may we get the full advantage of it, Lord, in our lives. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. And we're going to plan on coming back here at 400 p.m. for uh communion and feet washing. God bless you, brother John. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace, sweet release, if you'll just keep your mind stayed on me. So keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me [Music] faithfully and I will give you perfect peace. [Music] Sweet relief. If you'll just keep your mind state on me, I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life and let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like you. So take me and mold me. Teach me to be still and lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind completely due. Lord, fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like you. So take me and teach me to be still. Lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like you. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins [Music] away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. And he paid a debt at Calary. Cleansed my soul, set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sin erase. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. And now he's coming back for me. I'll live with him eternally. Won't it be glorious to see him on that day? And I now will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, he paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] [Music] hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
