################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 250504 - Emmanuel Cibasu: Christ Ought To Enter Into His Glory - Emmanuel Cibasu - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   250504 - Emmanuel Cibasu: Christ Ought To Enter Into His Glory
Speaker: Emmanuel Cibasu
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00V24pWxsMk
========================================

I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more in night. I am so happy. No sorrow inside. For praise the Lord, I saw the light. I wondered so aimless filled with sin. I wouldn't let my dear Savior in. Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night. Praise the Lord. I saw the light and I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more in night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Just like the blind man, I wandered alone. Worries and cares I claimed for my own. Like the blind man that God gave back his sight. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. And I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more in night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. And I was a fool to wander and stray. For straight is the gate and narrow the way. Now I have traded the wrong for the right. Praise the Lord. I saw the light and I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more in night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. And I am resolved no longer to linger. Charmed by the world's delight. Things that are higher. Things that are no. These have the Lord my side. [Music] I will hasten to him. He stands so glad and free. Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. And I am resolved to go to the Savior. Leave my sin and strive. He is the true one. He is the just one. He hath the words of life. And I will hasten to him. He sings so glad and free. [Music] Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to follow the Savior faithful and true each day. Headed what he sayith. Do what he will. He is the living way and I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. [Music] Jesus great is high and sky will come to thee and I resolve to enter the kingom. Even the paths of sin friends may oppose messes may beset me. Till I will enter in and I will hasten to him. Hastening so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee and I am resolved. And you will go with me. Come without delay. Taught by the Bible, led by the spirit. Will walk that heavenly way. And I will hasten to him. Amazing so glad and green. Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. Oh, and I will hasten to him. He sings so glad and free. [Music] Jesus greatest, highest, I will come to [Music] thee. Holy Lord, most holy Lord, you alone are worthy of my praise. Praise holy Lord. Most holy Lord with all my heart I sing. [Music] Great are you Lord are [Music] worthy of praise. [Music] Holy and true great are you Lord most holy Lord. Verse one again. Holy Lord most. Oh Lord, you alone are worthy of my praise. Holy Lord, most holy Lord with all my heart I sing. [Music] For great are you Lord. You are worthy of praise. [Music] Holy and true great are you Lord most holy Lord and great are you Lord [Music] Worthy of praise. Holy and true. Great are you, Lord, most holy Lord. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. Verse one again. Oh, in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. [Music] singing I love you Lord singing I love you Lord singing I love [Music] You Lord I love you. Why me? Let peacefulers flow. Learn to be still, oh my [Music] soul, and let me hear my Jesus drawing near. Go and touch me Lord and [Music] quiet [Laughter] me. Quiet me. Let peacefulers flow. [Music] Learn to be still, oh my soul. And let me hear my Jesus drawing near. [Music] Touch me Lord and quiet me. As our brother Emanuel comes, singen my heart, Lord, come soften my heart. [Music] Oh from all [Applause] in Lord set me [Music] aart to feel your compass. [Music] passion to weep with your tears. Come soften my heart, oh Lord. [Music] soften my heart once more. Oh, soften my heart, Lord. Come off in my heart. [Music] Oh, and from all day, Lord, set me aart. [Music] Let us stand to feel your compassion to weep with your soften my heart. How many want their heart softened this morning? How many would like to express that to God this morning? Come and soften my heart with hands being lifted up. This is the only opportunity you can worship him. It's only when you are in the flesh that every opportunity all the chances are given when we are living in these bodies out of these bodies. No more chance. [Music] No more chance. Let's sing, brother. My [Music] heart comes of it by your heart. [Music] Oh, from all [Laughter] in. Lord, set me aart to feel your compassion. [Applause] [Music] to weep with your tears. Come soften my heart. Oh Lord, come soften my heart. Let us just approach him this morning. Precious, loving father. We're coming to you this morning, Father, with everything that you gave us. Yes, Lord. The very breath of life you gave us. the very being you formed that father you can put your breath of life in everything that we supposed to have that you gave us we're bringing it back to you this morning and father as this song could go could you come and soften our hearts that lord we will be able to hear from from above Yes. That your holy spirit will come and take full control. Yes. Our father the entire place that your word Lord even one would give life to us. And father we thank you for the your children here. Thanking you for brothers and sisters of like faith that father day and night Lord they have heard the cry of their day and they have answered and responded and we're joining with them together this morning to glorify your name to praise you receive us father and be with our pastor Lord Brother Chad as he's Lord preparing to fly back home Lord that you will be with him and we thank you for all that you done for him. Father, be with us. Those that are sick and afflicted, Father, that you will be able to touch us, Father, that we can remember that you are faithful to your promises. Those that are in need, Lord, of any need, Father, that you will come and provide the answer and the solution. We love you. We thank you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Musicians, God bless you, brothers and sisters. Shalom, everybody. Oh my goodness. I'm I'm looking at the beautiful, beautiful heavenly species here. You know what I would have done before? I would have just started from this corner there and just walk and shake everybody's hand and hug those that need to be hugged brothers and just after we have finished that we say let go in the fellowship hall and just have a good time. Uh we we love you so much. I know brother Chad will be will be jealous when I said I love you. Love you. Wow. These three months seemed like it's been uh probably years and uh if I ever told you anything that is inspired, this one is this is the most inspired one. I love you. And thank you so much for all your prayers. Amen. All your love expressed in many ways in texts, in letters, in cards, in phone calls and uh it just tells that we have been raptured together. Yes, sir. Amen. We're sitting in h in heavenly places. Sometimes I cannot just find words to express how the bride of Christ is so valuable and cherished by the almighty and all those that are among the bride themselves. We love you. So I know that we we left here uh beginning of February, end of uh January, beginning of February for those who probably did not know. So we moved up to uh Virginia is closer. It's just 3 minutes walking to the DC area. So where we've been appointed with um some projects uh little secret you can't the pullpit but uh so we're there we're preparing and uh it's going to be lingering. So hope I thought probably 6 months to a year but seems like it's something that could take a couple of years because it just you know how government work things are heavy and you have too many things that could change every day every every hour. So we're in there but uh I do believe that we were there uh for a purpose God's purpose. It's mostly not just being involved in anything that is with government with the people the high places white house and others but somewhere there there's a seed that uh just needs a little light to come by to come by and we have nothing in ourselves it's just that you just pray every single day God I don't know where you're going to be lending me today who are you going to be putting across my path. Lord, I just don't want to be a hindrance if this is the day that you're going to be lighting that candle. So, that's our our purpose and our motive every single day. And uh it's not it's not easy, but I know that with your prayers, with your love, I have confidence that God will make his purpose to succeed. not men will have nothing to do with him. So just looking up to what he has in store for for us. And before I uh start I again wants to thank want to thank those that came to help that braved the cold winter of January to come to help those two days. I know that if I would have said it a couple weeks ago, the entire church would have been come. I have no doubt that each and every one of you is willing and would have come to to help me. But uh thank you those that could not make it. I know that for uh it was too late and uh but you those that were there I just want to thank all of you guys and all of you guys. I'm greeting bring greetings from uh brother Chad. We texted back uh back there. So he is done with all the services. He's going to be heading back home uh probably tomorrow. So, he's sending his greetings to you all and I am I'm taking his words out of his mouth. Before he can say I love you, I'm telling you I love you already. And also in the DC area, uh we have found a wonderful brother, Pastor Mike Walls. I don't know if many some people have met him at the youth camp. wonderful pastor, wonderful shepherd. He's sending his greetings to you and all the saints there. It's uh it's the church uh in the DC, Maryland, and Virginia area. And uh brothers there, they just like here. They will just hug you and we're just one unit. Told him that we're just one unit. BCF, ICBF, one unit. And they they greet you. They they know you probably not by names but they see you the stream and uh they just want to to send their greetings to you. And anything else I forgot? Let's stand. I don't recall any. If I if I do uh just remind me at the at the end of the service. God bless you. This is not something new. It's something over that uh the Holy Spirit has ministered it here every day in any shape. It's just uh we just reminding us ourselves Amen. of uh the beauty and the purpose of the resurrection. Amen. Easter was the day set up two weeks ago. all the churches, everyone who calls himself a a Christian, they celebrate, but they forgot about it. But Easter for us, it's it's it's our life. It's who we are. And it's just we're going to be speaking something like that and uh have some quotations here. I know the Lord will speak to you. So, not not me. I'm just here probably I don't know. Just pray for me and we'll be together. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to to the word of God this morning and uh read the scripture in the book of uh Luke. Luke chapter 24 chapter 24. We're going to start with uh uh verse 22 uh through 26 and then you will be sitting down. If you are there I can go ahead and start. We can go. 22 says yay a certain women also of our company made us astonished which were early at the separ. This is Cleopus uh speaking one of Jesus disciples. 23 And when they found not his body, they came saying that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive. You will see that in this verse, every place there is a there's a life, there's a body to be associated with that life. There cannot be life without a body associated with it. So they knew that life was somewhere and they tried to find the whole morning of the resurrection. The disciples were trying to find where the body was. And could you imagine this is one of the biggest the greatest event we'll go we'll read the prophet about that. And Jesus is not even mentioning telling his disciples or his bodywood. The very the very 11 that left everything for him that they didn't even understand who he was what the ministry was. They followed him three and a half years and here he is resurrecting not even giving them a clue of where his body was. Amen. Hallelujah. And life was there. 24 And as certain of them which were with us went to the separ and found it even so as the women had said, but him they saw not. Then he said unto them, "Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and enter and to enter into his glory." That's Jesus speaking to them. Let's bow our heads and uh just pray for God to anoint his word. Precious Lord, we have read your precious word. Father, men cannot Lord speak about it. It will take the Holy Spirit to take this portion, Father, and minister to each and every one of us. We believe that you're here, Lord. Your children have come for that motive. We have come for that motive, Father. And we believe that you will use us, Father, to speak your word. Let your name be praised in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So I uh uh took the title of uh our thought here on um based on the 20 verse 26 and the title is Christ ought to enter into his glory. So there was in his resurrection you'll find out that not only he had to suffer he resurrected. Amen. But he his motive his the the the the climax of all that he did was to enter into his glory. Amen. That's the reason he's saying telling them ought not Christ to have suffered these things to go through all he did and to enter into his glory. Amen. So we're going to be looking into Christ entering into his glory. Amen. And the prophet of God. Do you know men how he is? And just think that the disciples with were with him for three and a half years. And through the prophet we can learn that they lived with him, they walked with him, they fished with him, but they did not have a new birth. That's right. Amen. They spoke things that are me memorable in the scriptures today. But even doing that without the new birth and that's why the resurrection was to find a way that they can have the new birth else they would not understand. They would not even understand the kingdom of God. Yeah, that's right. The prophet of God says in the message, the proof of his resurrection preached in 1954 said, "So in order to get the truth to men, God sent his own son made in the likeness of a sinful flesh. And he was born here on earth and was an a propitiation for our sins offered up at Calvary to take away our sins and to give us liberty and to set us free from the prison's house that we've been in. Even his disciples in these last three and a half years. They were shut up in a prison house. That's right. Jesus was speaking things up here and we men disciples Peter although they loved him but they could not get up there. Amen. everything in their mind. Jesus had hard time and this is just think that Jesus is this great Jehovah that tried to condescending for time. I have no time I can tell you probably for eternity just to come to be bottled up in that body. Yeah. I wonder how long his journey took for him to do that. How many layers of deity did he have to peel off of himself? How many clouds that were enshrouding him that had to be separated from him? How many lightnings? How many have nobody lights galaxies were at his feet that has to get rid of them to start condes descending? The one who had no who filled all space and time is we sometimes say how long did it take him to get rid of everything that men would just look at it you'll die right away said I don't want to I don't want to kill them I want to go live with them and not only that my motive is I want to live in them so how long did it take him to do that And as as he came he lived in this this body his language imagine his language his every every time his disciples I like because even everybody was expressing as his disciples when I see Nicodemus going by night I know that you are a good guy but let me stay in my my denomination said if you stay there you're going to die you need to come be born again but as Nicodem Nicodemus went by night. He was representing me. I need to know. Yeah. Yeah. So you'll see that many was far away for men to understand God. Yeah. Jesus was living with them for the three and a half years. Everything he was saying, he knew that they could not have the capacity to understand it. Amen. But he's such a loving father. Amen. Even if you don't understand it, yeah, just love him. Amen. Just love him. It will work out for you. Even if you cannot put it together, just love him. He knows how to do things because he's God. Amen. He said, "Now man is a prisoner." God said that a man was a prisoner. So until something has happened to the man, I want you to get this now that before this certain thing called the new birth, this certain thing, that's the that's only thing that's certain. Until this certain thing called the new birth ever happens to the man, he cannot no way at all understand. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Or even understand God or have any knowledge of God. Though the the the word speaks it, his mind can't comprehend it because it's a human mind. Just know human mind. You can have you can split the atom. You can have the AI. You can have all the intelligence that you can have. You can be born of the family that never ne never. They were always correct in everything. But you still have a human mind that can never never understand God. Amen. That's right. How how many humans are here? Oh, we we're in that same company. Amen. Can never understand God. He's got to have the mind of God in him to understand godly things. Amen. So for you to have the mind of God, so God has to give you his mind so there's no boasting there. Because if you get it that opportunity to receive God's mind, he's the one who gave it to you. So there's no way to boasting and say, "Hey, I have the mind of God. You haven't got the mind of God." It doesn't make any sense. Amen. See, so all the reading, all the schools, all the teachings, I mentioned the AI, that's probably the highest teaching right now. The schools, as good as they may be, yet that's not the real principle yet. It would only take one thing. That's right. For you to understand God, he has to inject his mind into you. Amen. Yeah. So your efforts are vain. Amen. my efforts would be vain. Yeah. We need to have his own mind. Excuse me. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And just know that Easter itself, Easter is not even about uh about Jesus. No sir. Easter is not about angels. It's not about seraphims, cherubams. Easter is for you. For you and me. Though human we we just spoke about human when there's nothing in human mind but God in his great mercy wanted that Easter would be for that human I cannot comprehend him but he's willing to come and just inject his life into you that Easter becomes your portion the prophet of God wants to speak about you Before we can start get into our service, he's saying something in the message, the Easter Seal. I'd like to rehearse this pre 65. He said, "Now there's a great statement and I want my minister brothers to try to understand this." See in the beginning we know he speaks he said God was not even God because God is an object of worship but for him to be worshiped he created angels first we know that so everybody knows that but he said something he said that's when his great plan begin to unfold he said but remember you now forget about the one sitting close to you forget the one about sitting behind you in front of you look at yourself where you are. I'm looking at myself where where I am. When he's referring to you, he's referring to this guy. Amen. And to the one who is sitting up there. Amen. Amen. The prophet of God says, "But remember you, that's you. Put your name there in the stature that you are in this morning. If you wasn't in his thinking, then you are not now." Amen. So everybody is here now. Meaning you were in his you were in his thinking. Before even he could think of a star of a moon or the sun, you were in his thinking. Just think God is lifting you up because he wants to talk to you. He's telling who you are. Amen. It's not that man, that human mind that can never understand God. But God has said, "Hey, beside that you cannot understand me without my mind, let me just speak about you first." Amen. He said that for you there is some part that's in you that's eternal. Praise God. Now just think these words, we take them so lightly. Something eternal is something that never had a beginning. Yeah. Will never have an end. How would you possess that? There's some part of you, some part that's in you that's eternal. Yes, sir. Amen. Meaning your origin. It's not what we know. Even what you yourself know right now. It's much greater than what we can we can even um fathom. He said that's eternal and eternal only belongs to God. And in God was his thinking and in God was his thinking of you sitting right where you are now. In God's and and brother Chad has preached this many many times here that God's thought are real are different from our thought. Amen. My thought could be probably, hey, no one day I can become the the American American uh the US president. I can have a thought like that. But if I go into reality, I'm not qualified to to to become it. There are many things that will eliminate me out. Hey, you don't your accent is is is bad. You you you're born out in Africa. You're not even born here. So my thought would be a good thought to just entertain me. But the reality is I can never become that. But God's thought are tangible. They are real. Today is May 4th. In his thought at this very moment, you are sitting where you're sitting there. You cannot take yourself out of that pew right now. Because in God's thought, you were supposed to be exactly where you're sitting here this morning. Amen. He said, "Sitting right where you are now, in his thinking, I stood at the pulpit this morning because he's infinite and knows all things. Therefore, he could tell the end from the beginning because he's eternal." Amen. What how beautiful it is that God is telling his children on earth the end from the beginning. Amen. Amen. And you being a son of God or a daughter of God, I'm still talking about you. You being a son of God or a daughter of God, then you were in his thinking at the beginning. Yes, sir. Not the beginning of Genesis 1, the beginning of John 1:1. Meaning the et we were in the eternity with him. And when the Holy Spirit come and you are on earth walking around as as a sinner way down in your life, there is something when we were in sin. Something was inside of each and every one of us. Amen. You don't know what's taking place, but you are hungry. I have testimonies of people that were hungry. Something inside of them that could not even understand. You couldn't even tell a friend, kids that, hey, there's something in me, they would not even understand. You think you were crazy, but something inside there, something that you never put in there. You never put that thing inside there. It's something that you couldn't even desire to be in there because we're human, right? Just think of it. God could have knocked at your door and said, "My son, my daughter, this is the plan I have of eternal life. I want you to have this." You and I with a human mind, we would said, "Get out of here." Yep. Amen. True. It says something you couldn't even desire to be in there to be a Christian. It's the greatest miracle ever happened to man. The heavenly miracle. You couldn't even desire to be there. God could have handed out eternal life. He said, "Come and take it." He said, "Get out of here. I don't want it. And he said, it's something that's contrary to your own nature. Human nature. It's contrary to human nature. Eternal life, it's contrary to human nature. That's why God put us into human nature. Yeah. To prove that he's God. that deity can never remain in a human nature. That's why we have to be raptured and live eternally. Amen. Amen. It's the fornowledge of God that's taking place, God's word. And we know that God's word is a thought expressed. So in God's thinking, you are coming into an expression, into a manifestation. God wants you to become a reality. Amen. Now coming to the Easter time after the resurrection of Jesus Christ. The prophet of God says that this is the greatest of all things that Jesus ever done on earth. Now think what Jesus went through for you and me. Amen. The suffering he went through. Amen. The rejection the prophet of God says he he was hated from his birth even to the cross. Hated for you never had a reputation. And think of all those things and how they mocked him and he was put spit on him and and the prophet of God says he says of all the days and all of the things that Jesus did and certainly appreciating all of his vindication of God's word and what he did to fulfill it of healing the sick, raising the dead, casting out devils, preaching the gospel to the poor, fulfilling every word. Listen, the things that he's been doing, not for himself, for others. Amen. Amen. Doing it for you, doing it for me. All the healing, raising the dead, and casting out the devil, devils, preaching the gospel to the poor, fulfilling every word that God said that he would do when he came. and then also suffering for our sins in ourstead to be the propitiation for sin at the cross where no one else could have done it but him. But above all of that, I think Easter sealed the whole thing. Amen. Amen. That's more than I even I can even understand it myself as a human. But because there had been prophets on earth who had prophesied before him, there had been prophets on the earth who had healed the sick, even raised the dead and done the same signs that Jesus did. You say, well, crucifi crucifixion was great, but many men had died. Yes, many men had been crucified. Amen. Even in the same days our Lord was crucified. But there was only one of them who rose up from the dead that sealed it. And remember when he rose from the dead, there were three seals that that were on man that shut up man. Every prophet, everyone who came into the world was shut up under those three seals. There was a seal of death, seal of hell, and seal of grave. The grave. But when he rose that morning, he took the key of all those three seals. He overcome them for you. Amen. Prophet of God says that it sealed the word of God forever. And now he says, "Oh, what a privilege it is to know that there is something in the resurrection that's pertaining to us." Others were good stories. I want something that pertains to me. The resurrection has something that pertains to you. Let's read the scripture in the book of John. Please pray for us. John chapter 20 verse 19. It's when Jesus uh resurrected. This is what the resurrection brings to us. John 20:19 goes, "Same day, then the same day at evening being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut, where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus, and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you. Amen. In the resurrection, there was something that pertains to you. The true resurrection of Jesus Christ should bring you peace. If you do not have peace, there's nothing else that will bring you peace. Pray for Easter to come your way. Amen. Amen. And when he had he had so said, he showed unto them his hands and his sight. Then were the disciples glad when they saw the Lord. Then said Jesus to them again, "Peace be unto you. As my father has sent me, even so send you." Amen. The resurrection, what he brings to you, things that pertains to you, he brings you peace and he will send you. And you know how he sends the prophet of God said the father sent him by entering into him. Amen. He wants to enter his resurrection is Easter. He's going to be feasting in you. Amen. It pertains to you. Amen. And when he said 20 22 And when he said he had said this, he breathed on them and said unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. Amen. Whosoever sins that you remit, they are remitted unto them. And whosoever sins you rem you retain, they are retained. So the resurrection, the part that pertains to you in this resurrection, his peace is with you. Amen. And it's a peace that passes all understanding. The resurrection Easter should give you that as your portion. As let's go back again to the the reading of the scripture of uh where we started the book of Luke. We can see um Cleopus and his friend on the road as the prophet of God. uh explained it to us here. And all of this we're building up to come to find how would Christ complete his resurrection because he could have suffered and died the the the death that was so cruel and even resurrected. But if he's not entering into his glory, even his resurrection is in vain for you. He ought to enter into his glory. And we will be able to see that as we we progress. 24. We can start at 13 that we skipped because we I didn't want you to stand up for a long time. 13 says, "And behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem about three score furlongs, and they talked together of all these things which has happened." that the prophet of God is telling us. He said, "And here in the the message, the curtain of time, 1955." And here they are on their road going over to their place, walking along the road. I just like to listen in on them. Wouldn't you just a minute stand around? And the prophet is now before Jesus could meet them, the prophet of God is wanting you and I to listen in on them, to walk with them before Jesus meets them. So only the prophet of God could tell do say something like that. He said, he said, "I would like to listen in on them. Wouldn't you just a minute stand around and see what they were saying?" Amen. Let's see what they were saying that the Bible didn't record that before Jesus could could come what they were saying among themselves. He said I I hear one of them saying well Cleopus what do you think about it? I'm disappointed. Well I guess we'll just have to face the preacher again. Meaning the churches that came out of Yeah. told the preacher that we found the Messiah. We found the the prophet of Galilee. They had to rewind that back to go back that he wasn't. So we thought he was the one to bring us salvation to free the children of Israel from the bondage of sin or from the Romans. It seems like things didn't go the way we thought. I'm disappointed. He said, I guess we we were wrong in this fellow called Jesus. My I hate to do that. My confidence was really built up in him. And these were the people that loved him. We can love him and fully misunderstand him and we'll be in the confusion. They were in confusion. They loved him. They served him. They wanted to give their lives to him. But because they were still in human mind, they could not know understand what was happening in the supernatural. And the good thing is because they were were speaking and talking about him. That's the best thing to do. Even if you don't understand it, just speak about him. Amen. Praise the Lord. You have no idea. Just love him. The first thing, love him and just speak about him. That's what they did. And notice while while they spake about him, talked about him, he appeared. Amen. That's a good way to get him around you. How many wants him around you? Amen. How many wants that stranger to appear in your live lively day daily life and he said talk about him all the time. Keep your conversation not on whose or where the next play comes on the television but speak about him. Amen. Amen. Talk about him, sing about him, love him, keep him on your heart and mind all the day and night. You do that, you have the assurance that he will be walking with you. He said, you go to singing hymns and you start reading the Bible and that that stranger will appear to you too. Praise the Lord. I want that stranger to appear to me too. How can he appear to you? You just love him. Keep talking about him. Forget about what the world has to say this and that tomorrow. Talk about him. Sing hymns to him. Amen. Said the Christian live on the word. He said in the other message shalom. He said the reason he doesn't appear to so many of us today, our conversation is talking about everything else but Christ. We're always talking about when we're going to get the work done, what we're going to do here. Let your conversation be on Christ. That's when he appears is when you talk about him. Be speaking about him. You do that and you will see what happens. Amen. And the prophet of God says that even to get rid of devils, just say good thing. Yeah. The devil will will leave you saying good thing. You didn't even pray. When the Senician woman came to Jesus, her her daughter was vexed with the devils. Yeah. And she came asking Jesus to heal her. Jesus never said, "I'm healing her or I'm doing this." Jesus spoke and said, "It's not good to give the the the food to the dogs." Yeah. She responded. She said, "Yay, Lord. Even the dogs can get something from the crumbs of the tables." Yeah. And Jesus said, "The devils are have left." Because of just what you said, what you spoke about, devils left your your daughter. Jesus never prayed for her. Amen. And the prophet of God say that's the way to get rid of the devils. Right? Talk about Jesus. Say something loyal, something real. Yeah. Devils will flee from you. Yes. And then we continue in 15 verse 15. We go a little verse by verse here. A little study. And it came to pass that while they communed together and reasoned, communing we know that is talking to have fellowship, talk with each other. While they communed communed together and reason and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. The prophet of God says we need to draw nigh unto God so he will draw nigh unto us friends. That's right. But everything else has has took the place of the prayer meeting. That's the reason he's not drawing near us. And he said sometimes we don't have a victory that we ought to have in our lives because of the way we talk. Do we talk about him or talk about something else? Victory comes through what is coming out of your mouth. Amen. What is brewing from inside out? He said that gives you a victory. He said I believe that's the reason people don't have the victory in their heart that they they should have is because their thoughts are on other things. Right. But these two disciples were still walking with them. Their thoughts and their mind were upon the one they loved so much though they didn't even understand him. Yeah. But because they were walking with walking thinking about him, talking about him, he appeared to them. Amen. And the prophet of God says that sometimes God lets things happen so that we will draw nigh unto him. Amen. Something happen. Yes sir. Some little trial that comes in our lives. Give us victory. Amen. Why is he allowing that? He see he can notice that you have you're not even talking about him. your mind is something great you want to accomplish and then he allows he permits Satan to come up with little trial so you can draw near him he knows how to do that for God has surely ordained that certain events must take place they will unfold just as his great time clock ticks it off 16 But their eyes were hardened that they should not know him. As we said, they didn't even recognize him. In the message, the mighty conqueror, the prophet of God says, "Why? There's been many times God's walked right with you and me, and you didn't recognize him. He's done that over and over for each and every one of us here walking with us and we never recognize it. Amen. He said, "Who kept you from getting that wreck the other day?" The little accident, the car that was headed your way, who protected you from that? He was walking with you. Amen. He said, "Who was it out there at the hospital when the doctor said, "Well, there ain't hardly anything no more I can do." He was walking with you and you got out out of the hospital and you got well. Who did that? Where did it come from? You didn't recognize it. I didn't recognize it. I'm sincere. But it was his grace and it was he that did that thing for you. And these people that loved him, they spoke about him. And as they were going couldn't even understand anything, but their understanding, misunderstanding was not hindering God from revealing himself to them. Amen. Because they were his before the foundation of the world. Hardly they didn't even realize that every step of the way they were writing the scripture. Yeah. Right. Amen. As they were walking their sad, the Holy Spirit was using their very lives. Yeah. Even in their misunderstanding, even in their sadness to write the scripture. Amen. Amen. Sometimes it's through your trials that you think that this is just unbearable. Did I sin? Did I do something wrong? The script scripture is being written by the hand of the almighty. When you feel like it I'm no value at all. I have nothing. It's just everything is just being torn apart. That's when God is writing scripture using you because you are a written epistle. No, don't forget that. Amen. Amen. Amen. The prophet of God says in the in the message when their eyes were opened, he had promised it, but they were sad and all beat out and everything they thought they had lost everything they had and everything had failed and it was the darkest hour that I guess they had ever seen. You might be sometimes God allow us to go through those moment in moments in our lives in the darkest hour we don't things don't just click as they used to something is just what is going on God why am I facing this don't forget he's walking with you and if allowed that to be in your life he's writing a scripture that you are unaware of in that very moment. Amen. They had hopes in him and believed in him and seen his great manifestation of miracles and signs and wonders, all the vindication of the Messiah. And then to see him stand there, bruised, just torn apart and crucified, being spit on. The one who used to one time to sneak out and just go. They couldn't find him. Now he's been held in the hand of people that didn't even have enough muscles. Two two guys there holding him. He couldn't even run. He couldn't do anything. Couldn't defend himself. Been completely just just torn apart and just uh crucified. And they couldn't believe that. They couldn't they they couldn't put together this mighty prophet of Galilee and the men they are seeing now on the cross. Yeah. Not knowing that this Jesus was to become Christ. Meaning his Jesus was being being completely torn down, beaten up, Christ was rising up. Amen. They couldn't see that in so much that even after Jesus resurrected, he never mentioned any place about Jesus. He always pointed them to Christ. Yeah. He wanted to show them that this body you're saying, you're seeing, you couldn't even find it in the grave, that body has nothing, no virtue for you. It has, it did the work. Amen. Now, the body that should be found, it's your body. Amen. It's not me. Yeah. in so much that when when when he died I I don't I don't want to to to to burn the the pages here but remember that the first Adam was put to death also one time the reason he was put to death was to God to bring out the bride to him and the prophet of God we'll read it later on that he had both masculine and feminist spirit. So the feminist spirit was pulled out put into his bride. He remained with remained with the masculine spirit. Mhm. The reason Eve could sin, she only had a part of the spirit of Adam, right? Jesus didn't want to do that on Calvary. If he had only a part, if we only had a part of his spirit, we wouldn't overcome. His entire spirit has to be put into you. That's the reason his body is up there as a memorial lifeless. Adam after the resurrection. His resurrection he lived. His body still has the spirit. Yeah. Jesus body it's up there as a memorial. His spirit is on earth. Amen. The fullness, not a part. Yeah. Eve had a part of that spirit. That's why she could not overcome with a part of it. Yeah. Jesus never want you to have a part of his spirit. Amen. Lord getting it? Yeah. Amen. The fullness of his spirit. The prophet of God will say that that body could be here of Jesus would be here because he has pulled back into Christ. Even when after the resurrection, you will see that he pointed them back to Christ. He said Christ, he spoke about Moses. He referred to Moses and the prophets. Moses meaning that he went back to Genesis, went back to Exodus and Leviticus. That's what he meant. Jesus was not in in in Genesis. But Christ was there and Christ never left the earth. That's the reason his body has to be taken up as a memorial. He's saying you don't get it. Take your eyes off of Jesus, this body. Put your your your eyes on Christ. Amen. Because Christ is on earth. Amen. And he's the one who's going to be living in you. I Jesus, my body, I can split up to live in you. Amen. It has to be up there as a memorial. Yeah. So that the fullness of deity That's right. that once tabernacled in him so he can come. It just come inside of you. Amen. 18 And the one of them whose name was Cleopus answering said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and has not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?" And I like how Jesus goes, and he said unto them, "What things?" Like he didn't know anything. I love it. And they said unto they said unto him concerning Jesus of Nazareth, you see where they were they were stuck at Jesus of Nazareth. Amen. But he wanted them to come up higher to come into Christ. That's when Paul was coming teaching the Romans and other the Corinthians. Paul is changing. He said this Jesus is Christ. Yeah. They could his disciples could not connect the dot. could not see that he is his ministry is pointing to Christ. They still had the Jesus of Nazareth which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people. But they could not pass that to be connected to Christ because God had to give them his mind so they could be able to see that. Amen. Amen. The prophet of God says in the message in when their eyes were opened they knew him. The same 164 he said what things just like he didn't know nothing about it. See he said that just to throw them off. God does that. Yeah. Sometimes and he did that purposely just to try. And don't you know he doesn't change his nature. He doesn't He does the same thing to try you see what you will do. God does that. Amen. He tries you to see what you will do. He will work around some way. It will be throwed before you and just to see what you would say about it. He comes to yourself that you can testify. Yes. You said Cleopus, I want to to listen to you. What things? You tell me what you know about this about the the the manifestation of the word of this hour. Tell me what you know. Now he's asking him when Cleopus is not expecting him to tell him directly or excited. No, he's in the his darkest hour. He said, "What things?" You tell me. You testify. You profess it from your own mouth. I want to listen to you. What you know about the message of the hour. What you know about the vindication of the your the word of your hour, you tell me. I want to listen. Amen. To that and Cleopus started. Amen. In our day, we would have been telling him in our day, God sent a mighty prophet, William Brham, and he preached. The seals were open, and now we saw him going into an accident. And now there are people that's waiting for him to come and uh have a tent meeting. He was still listening. I want you from your own mouth, you testify. just want to to to to to hear what you say about it. He wants to see your attitude. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Others are saying that facts are showing that this message is not. We're still waiting for another one. What attitude do you have towards that? What are you saying about that? He wants to see your attitude. The way you take what you think about it. He does that purposely. does it yet because that's his unchanging nature. He did the old He did it the old times. They were in desperation and the prophet of God says in desperation that's when the best things come comes out of you. So Cleopus was able to testify to him what he humanely knew of good about this prophet. God sometimes puts us in a in a in a position that we would testify of all that we know that's good about this message before he can step in. Amen. He wants us to consider this message that what has happened and this is not men doing it though I don't understand it. I don't know it but I love it and I knew that this was him that was supposed to come. Amen. Praise God. And 20 and how the chief priests and our ruler delivered him to be condemned to to to death and have crucified him. But he said something that was truthful. The truth he said, but we trusted. I can't explain it. I don't understand everything, but we trusted. It still was in the past. We trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel. And beside all of this, today is the third day since these things were done. Yay. And certain women also of our company made us astonishes, speaking about Mary Magdalene and other Marys which were early the sepiler. And when they found not his body, Jesus probably where he was said, "These are still looking for my body." They're not getting it right. My mighty my body is not the final resting place of this deity. Amen. Praise the Lord. Therefor it's it's it's it's your body. They they didn't even know that they were a part of that resurrection. It's said they're still looking at my body, looking for it. And remember when uh the woman at the well, Jesus was there standing, came to her, she was bragging about the well of Jacob. Oh, this is Jacob's well. You know the prophets, mighty men have drunk, taken a drink out of it. mighty prophets, my king, the and even the sons of of Jacob, even their their camels have taken a drink out of it. Jesus could there probably shaking his she's looking at the past. That well has no virtue. The true well I'm standing here and she cannot see it. That's the same thing that was happening that evening with the Cleopus and his friend or the his body they couldn't find it. Jesus thinking body. Cleopus doesn't even know that he's a part of that body. He's still looking for it. Yeah. Cuz this one came to serve a purpose. This is a creature of time. The prophet of God says that the sunship is not eternal. Yeah. That's right. Jesus was made God came in time. That's right. Was made a creature of time to redeem us so he can go back to deity. Amen. To find his glory. We'll come to that. Hopefully Lor will help us. In the message communion 1962, the prophet of God says, "Now we want to think of Jesus and associate him what he was. What is he? What is his body? What is the body of Christ? It's the body of believers that's associated with him in the Holy Spirit." So Cleopus and his friend Mary Magdalene and others, they were looking for the body. And no wonder Jesus could not even give them a clue cuz it would confuse them. Right? You're looking for it. You are a part of that body. My body will do nothing. I've done my work. The work that was that was ordained for me to do to finish, I've done it. Now it's the Holy Spirit that's making way his way into the real body of whom you are. Amen. Of whom you are a part of. It's the body of the believers that associated with him in the Holy Spirit, not an idol. They want to make the body of Jesus an idol. And this generation is doing the same thing. Amen. We can even be in the message making that body the body that was crucified on Calvary. We can make it an idol. Yeah. And Jesus did not didn't like that. No. He didn't want that body to be made an idol. Yeah. For the people to go to have maybe to go and pilgrimage and just go see that body. He did not want that. Amen. Because he has a body. You will find that body. Amen. And you and I are part of that body. Amen. That's the reason they could not find it there. But they can find it today. It's sitting up there. Lord said, not an idol, not a piece of bread, but a spirit that's in the heart of the believer. Amen. What is his body? The prophet is giving us an answer. It might not be the way we think, but he's putting us into another realm, into another dimension. What is that body? He said it's a spirit that's in the heart of the believer. That's where the body is. If his spirit is in you, within you, Yes, sir. you are that body that were that Cleopus was looking for. That's right. And they are associated together. little room here, this room, this bathroom, bedroom here together, that body. Amen. That when man and God can talk to each other and sons and daughters of God, mortal men through the shedding of the blood through remission of sin and this man and this woman, boy and girl that has fellowship with Christ, that's his body. Thank you, Lord. Is communing with him. The body is a husband and wife would sit to would sit down and talk it over or a boy and his girlfriend Christ and his church is communing together. That's the reason we can hear from him. That body can hear from him. And see the future. Amen. That body sees the future. Yes, sir. How many How many have seen Los Angeles sinking? That's the future. You and I, we've seen it. Why? Because we're in that body. Else there, they have no idea what's going to be happening. But you have the material, you have the information. You got it. It's not information, the revelation that it's going to sink. We know the future because we are in his body. Amen. In his body, things are circulating there. Yeah. Revelation, information circulating that we know it. Amen. We see the future before he gets here and can tell the future that it's perfect. That's right. How many knows that your future is perfect? Amen. Amen. Yeah. You might not look like it right now, but I can tell you your future is perfect because you are in that body. Everything that's promised to that body is perfect. Yes, sir. 24 verse. And a certain of them which were with us went to the selicer and found it even so as the woman has said. Meaning we we heard that he's alive but we could not find his body. That's what he's uh referring there to there. 25 Then he said unto them, oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken in Christ is the mystery of God. The prophet of God said, "And he stepped out from the roadside roadside and begin to talk to them about Christ." He didn't talk to them about Jesus. After the resurrection, Jesus never referred to Jesus. Yes, sir. Amen. After the resurrection, Jesus referred them to Christ because the mission of Jesus came to an end. Christ was the one who was from the beginning and who is the one who goes to the to not even the end who's going to be staying on. Christ was on earth. He never mentioned the word Jesus again. Yes, sir. After the resurrection, he pointed them back to Christ. The Christ who was now to indwell within them. Amen. He said, "Oh fools and slow to understand." Don't you know that all the prophets and psalms, see what was he doing? What was Jesus doing? The prophet of God says he was identifying himself to these apostles. They were identifi trying to identifying him to that body if they would have found it. But he's giving them his own identification of who he was. Amen. Amen. That all the prophets, all the psalms and everything was him expressed. Amen. In the same message, the prophet of God said that they they they were slow fools and slow of heart to understand the vindication of the scripture of the hour. Yes, sir. They could not see the scripture that was vindicated in that hour. Amen. They were still looking trying to find the relics. Yes. Trying to find the body. They had brought spices. Yeah. They want to get an idol set up there. Though they loved him. Yeah. Don't get me wrong. They loved him. Yes, sir. But because they loved him and they were of his, he was in the obligation of putting his mind into them. Amen. That's why the upper room was made up, prepared to come and meet them. Yeah. That this time they won't be able to understand what I would tell them. Let me go inside of them. And once I get inside of them, the questions will be resolved. Amen. And Jesus said 26, Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scripture the things concerning himself. And the prophet of God says in in the message of the revelation chapter 4, he said, "See, John had left the earth." He's comparing the John when John was caught up in the the fourth chapter of Revelation. Christ has left the earth in the form of the Holy Spirit and had returned back to the body again. Which body did he return to? That was Christ, not the body of Jesus there. Amen. Amen. He said Christ had left the earth when after his resurrection he went up to the father. Yeah. and had returned back to the body again. That's right. Today, the body sits there as a memorial, as a sacrifice, but the very life of that life is on earth. Christ is not up there, the body of Jesus is up there as a memorial. Christ is not there in that body. That's right. Amen. Christ is here. Christ is on earth and he's hunting for you every single day to make you that body. Amen. A part of that body. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, Lord. That's the reason Paul could could say in Acts 17, you don't have to turn opening and alleging verse three that Christ must needs have suffered and rise again from the dead. And that that this Jesus whom I preach unto you is Christ. Amen. Today you and I, we have to go past certain veils. That's right. Amen. The apostles had to go past the veils of the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee, the mighty man who would deliver them. They had to go past the veil. Today we have to pass the veil that God has sent us a prophet. The message with all the beauty, the wonders, it's good, but we need to pass that veil. That's the the the reason the prophet of God says we can go to church. It's good to come to church. Go to church. But leave church, go into Christ. Amen. Enter into that body because he has a body here. We need to pass the veil and then to be married to Christ himself which is this word today. And once we get inside there, we will see his glory manifested. Amen. Remember that in the book of Leviticus, you don't have to turn back and read it. This is when the children of Israel are getting they aka have come out of uh Egypt. God had brought them out with his mighty hand, but he's setting up there the principle of what he wanted to do with mankind. Leviticus 26, I can read it quick. Three, he said, "If you walk in my statutes and keep my commandments and do them, then I will give you rain in due season, and the land shall yield her increase, and the the trees of the field shall yield their fruit." And 11 11 he said, "And I set my tabernacle among men." Praise God. My tabernacle is not up there. Amen. My tabernacle is among men. Amen. And my soul shall not abboard you and I will walk among you and will be your God and ye shall be my people. That's the principle he wants to show them. And Paul picks that up in 2 Corinthians 6. He said, "In what agreement has the temple of God with idols?" That's right. Amen. Now, who would have been an idol at the morning of the resurrection? Right. If the body of Jesus was found there, Yeah. and Cleopus was standing here. Yeah. Who would have been an idol there? Yeah. Right. Amen. The body that was laying there, though it did what God wanted to accomplish for mankind at that very morning of the resurrection, it was an idol. The body that God wants to live in, he was the one standing up here, Cleopus and his friend. And what agreement has the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The body of Jesus Christ with all the respect and consideration, it was the temple of the living God until that Sunday morning. Until that Sunday morning, Cleoperson's friend and Mary Magdalene were to become the temple of God for eternity. Praise God. Amen. The same God, the same deity that condescended that found its abode in Jesus Christ stepped out of that body that morning. Said, "I'm leaving this as a memorial up there. You are the body. I'm going to be living it for eternity." Amen. You are that body. You are that body. For ye are the temple of the living God, as God has said, I will dwell in them. Amen. Amen. And walk in them. Yes, sir. And I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Where would the glory of God be? Amen. Because up there, the body that is there, it's now set up as a memorial. He can't go there. He cannot go there. His glory should be found in you and me. He has He ought to enter into his glory. Amen. The father did enter into his glory in the river Jordan. Amen. Thou are well pleased for me to abode abide in the father entered into his glory in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. And then on the resurrection morning Easter is a change of dispensation. Amen. Amen. Right. Easter is the body of Jesus Christ making a way for you and me to step in to take for him to abide eternally. Yeah. It's a change. That's what Easter is to you. You have a part in it. And your part your part is an eternal eternal part. Jesus part of abiding the father within him was for time. for time and he will step up. Where will his glory be? Not in that body up there. You can make it an idol. Without knowing, with good intention, with love. That's right. Amen. But the revelation is that you are that body. Amen. Amen. That's right. That he said in just read it over again to 2 Corinthians 6:16. And what agreement has the temple of God with idols? You can make even the prophet of God in this hour to make him an idol. Amen. Amen. Yeah. When you said he's going to come back and put set up a tent there. Yeah. You're putting up an idol there. But the temple is you. The temple is you. You can go to the father said, "God, do you want to stay up there with in the body of Jesus Christ?" He said, "Nope." That served in time. Yes. For the a specific work, my eternal dwelling place. It's inside of you. Amen. Now, how would God accomplish this desire of tabernacling in you and in me to make you and me a part of that body that was to say eternal that had an eternal purpose. They were looking for his body. We couldn't find his body. I thank God in the first century in 2025 I can see your body here. It's been found. This is the time to tell Cleophus that that body we found it. It's here in simplicity. Simplicity. How would God accomplish this desire as I said of tabernacling and dwelling in man? by releasing his spirit on that day of the resurrection. All the deity is I as I told you before that Adam only released after his resurrection be when he was dead was put to death there was only one a part of the spirit was released. Amen. Right. The the feminist spirit. Yeah. And he still stayed with the other spirit. Yeah. Could you imagine if if his bride had both masculine and feminine spirit would would she have fallen? No. That's the reason you and I this bride will not fall. Because she does not have a part of the spirit of her husband. She got the completeness of the spirit of her husband. That's the reason she will not fall. Amen. the Roman Romans 8 11 but if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus uh just one one scripture there Romans 8:11 if you want to look at it but if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. The prophet of God says somewhere that if that spirit did not come to resurrect Jesus, Jesus would not have resurrected. But because there were such harmony, Amen. between the son and the father. The son was relying on that spirit completely to raise him up from the dead. Amen. Had no doubt. And that spirit was obligated to resurrect him. He could not have resurrected him too. But he had an obligation because unity he had already found a tabernacle. Yeah. a dwelling place he was well pleased to dwell in cuz Jesus submitted everything he was to God. He could do nothing but what the father showed him. Amen. And you might say we might say he say but the father is not showing us. Every Wednesday he shows us things here. Every Sunday he shows us. Whenever you're reading, listening, he shows you. We have the same vision that the Lord Jesus Christ had. When it's needed, he's going to use it for certain things. Amen. And the prophet of God says in the message, it is the rising of the sun. If the same spirit referring to Romans 8:11, if the same spirit that raised up that raised him up that quickened the true believer to eternal life. Now remember potentially in Romans 8 11 he starts he said but if and the prophet of God says there is a problem there is a catch. Yeah. Amen. But if the spirit of him, Amen. God, the Holy Spirit, that's the prophet of God still saying, that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you. Now there you are. If the bride's bridegroom's spirit dwells in the bride, Amen. Amen. The bride at the beginning did not have the entirety of the spirit of her her bridegroom. Amen. She did not have the entirety of that spirit. The masculine stayed inside. Yeah. Inside Adam. That's how she could fall. Yeah. But this one, this one, this bride will get the fullness of the spirit of her bridegroom. Because the body after the resurrection had no spirit. It's up there. That's the reason the prophet of God could says that could say that in crisis is the mystery said look Christ in you makes him the center of life. That's right. Of the revelation. Amen. These things probably we have them as a rehearse them. But until the mind that was in Christ takes these words, something opens up inside of you. He said, "See, Christ, Christ life in you." Amen. Makes him the center of the revelation. That's right. Christ life where in Jesus. No. No. Amen. Christ life in you. Jesus had released that deity that was in him. He said, "Now it's upon your lap." Yeah. Amen. It's upon your lap. Amen. Deity is here. Amen. Amen. Christ's life in you makes him the center of the revelation. Christ in the Bible makes the Bible the complete revelation of Christ. Just it's Christ. Christ. That's the reason Jesus after the resurrection, he didn't point himself Christ. Look at Christ. Don't waste your time here. Look at Christ. Christ in you makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. I I don't know how to get it. God help us. It's not Christ in Jesus. Yeah, that makes him the complete revelation of the whole thing. That's our Lord who redeemed us. Amen. But listen to the revelation has come to take the scales off of our eyes. Amen. It's Christ in you. Yes. In you, in Cleopus, in Mary Magdalene, in all those Christ in you and me makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. See what God is trying to do. Amen. He goes, he said when God made his bridegroom, he made the bridegroom first. And he was both men and woman in spirit. Both men and woman in spirit. Yeah. The first bridegroom, Adam, the first Adam formed formed him in the dust of the earth to make him material, tangible. And notice when he made Eve from Adam, he took not another piece of clay. He took from the same piece of clay, the same word. For Adam was a spoken word. See, he took from him. And then he made he had masculine and feminine spirit. The first Adam sir and he took the feminine spirit away from Adam. What remained in Adam? The masculine spirit. That's the spirit that if the that same spirit that was in Adam was in his bride, she would not have fallen. Amen. And he took the feminine spirit away from Adam and placed it in Eve. So it's still part of Adam's spirit. Amen. She had a part of Adam's spirit. With a part she could fall. The second Adam has to release the complete spirit. Amen. For you and I to not fall. Right. We getting it. Amen. Amen. Then it was Adam's spirit. The prophet of God calls it the dynamic. Amen. Eve had the mechanic. Yeah. Right. The dynamic remained in Adam. Amen. That's right. That's why Romans 8:11 has a new meaning for a believer. Amen. Because this is the complete deity, the complete spirit of God, not a part. The fullness. Amen. It's only the fullness that can entitle you a victory over sin. Amen. That can change your molecule into a new body. Amen. Amen. He said then it was Adam's spirit, the dynamic that quickened the mechanics of the this of his body. The mechanics of the body. The body was Eve after but his bride. So the thing that could quicken Eve, that could quicken that body, that could quicken that mechanic, it was in Adam. Amen. That's why on Calvary, G Jesus body is completely lifeless. Yeah. When he went up because the spirit stayed here. Both the dynamics and the mechanic. Both. Yes. Lord. Praise the Lord. That body is a memorial. What is a memorial? What is a memorial? The body that they were looking for. I'm have a privilege of seeing a group of people here being a part of that body. Amen. Amen. So before the resurrection, we were in Christ as the prophet of God said. That's right. But after the resurrection, Christ must be in us. Amen. Right. Amen. Amen. Before the resurrection, we were there. And the prophet of God said he atoned for our sin. We were still inside. Yeah. Yes, sir. when he was pierced on his side. We came out. So before the resurrection, we were in him in Christ. Amen. After the resurrection, Christ ought to be in you. Amen. Amen. The only hope for him to enter in his purposed glory is to enter in tabernacle in you and me. He ought to enter into his glory. Yeah. His glory is not up there. Amen. His glory is somewhere there inside of you. That's where he finds his glory. We will read it. Amen. In the book of Colossians. I'm winding down. Sorry. You can hold on little dinner there. I don't see you every day. Could you please feel for [Laughter] me? Colossians one. Colossians 1. 26 says we start at 26 even the mystery this is a Paul he's trying he had the mind of God was already in Paul and he's trying to convey things that are coming freshly divinely there to laid out for the church said even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the of the glory of his mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you. Amen. The hope of glory. Amen. whom we preach warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom that we may present every beloved. This is Paul saying that with this revelation Christ wants to present he wants to present every man perfect in Christ Jesus. Meaning every member of that bride will have deity living in them. Amen. Nobody will come short. Right. Amen. Every member perfect. Yeah. Christ in you, that's the only hope that he can enter into his glory. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Christ in you is the only hope for him to find his glory. Amen. Yeah. What house have you has have you prepared me? Can go up in Hebrews 10. We don't have time to go there. Amen. In the mighty God unveiled before us preached 1964 winding down. Please feel for me. Sorry for me. Now back in the days of old testament the prophet of God says we find that after he appeared to his people in different forms he veiled himself behind older badger skins. That's right. God hide hiding behind badger skins at his mercy seat. And the prophet of God says that what he was hiding be hiding behind the badger skins was his glory. Amen. Amen. That nobody could approach. Yeah. Right. We find that how that Solomon Solomon when he dedicated the temple of the Lord and the badger skins were hanging there the veil how that he came in as a pillar of fire God as a cloud and went down behind there behind the badger skins and veiled himself to the outside world but by faith not the reality Mhm. But by faith, Israel knew that he was back there, though they never seen him. They only had one candidate that would go there once a year. Amen. That's Aaron, the high priest. So once a year with all the preparation that was made for that day, and they had to make sure that he had a string on his leg. Yeah. He if he forced death there nobody could enter in because going in was death. Yeah. Aaron was allowed once a year in this after dedicated his entire body. He was going through a lot of processes through the year to be able to meet the requirement requirements of what that day. Yeah. Amen. Amen. I'm going to tell you, Aaron was going through a lot. Just to be able to experience one day of the life of a son of God. Yeah. Right. Amen. Of your life. Yeah. Today, if you have the Holy Spirit, you have that every single minute, second, you are behind the veil. But Aaron in the Old Testament, this high priest had to go through a process through the entire year, his clothing, everything around him to be able to meet the requirements of entering experiencing Yeah. what a son of God and a daughter of God experience when they have the Holy Spirit. Yeah. Amen. Yeah. It's glorious the message you have received. There's no message that ever struck the earth like this one. The prophet of God says that this mighty angel of Malachi 4, since God sent prophets on earth, since Enoch, there has never been one like this. Amen. Amen. Amen. The only difference is not body that paid on Calvary, but deity was tabernacling in this man. Amen. Amen. Amen. And God took him out. He doesn't He doesn't like idols. Yeah, that's right. To have the same deity now on your lap. Praise God. He said, "By faith, Israel knew that he was back there. They knew he was there regardless of what any of the heathen world had to say. He was hid from the unbelievers. But the believer by faith knew he was back there. They had mercy and he was at his mercy seat which was a great secret. It was a great secret. His presence back there is a great secret. Amen. His tabernacling in you, it's a great secret to those around you. That's right. Amen. Lord, you know in the old testament to enter behind that skin was death. Now to stay from behind it is death. Amen. Meaning you have been welcomed. Yeah. To the glory of God. You have been welcomed to say God come on in. Amen. Then to enter into his glory was death. His glory was hid there in secret to unbelievers. But the believers by faith they knew he was there. Now to stay away from his glory is death. To stay away from his glory is death. Meaning a true believer in this hour has to be in his glory. Amen. True. That happened of course at the renting of the veil at Calvary when the veil was rent the old veil. Now to stay out of his presence is death. Then to enter in in his presence was death. For the time sake we have to wind down. And the prophet of God says in the message dedication as uh heaven is my throne and earth is my foottool. Where is the house that could build that that you could build me? How could you build me a house to dwell in then? How beautiful Hebrew 10:5 but a body has thou prepared me? That was the body of Jesus Christ first. Amen. showing that God was going to dwell in a body. Amen. Oh, and when this body had been made a sacrifice, the correct lamb had been sacrificed, Jesus Christ served the work of the sacrifice. He fulfilled it and the body was taken up as a memorial. He said, uh, and when this body has been made a sacrifice, the correct lamb had been sacrificed. There was coming forth then Hallelujah. There was coming forth. Then God came in his own body which was his bride. Amen. That's his own body. Jesus Christ was temporarily. Yeah. God's body. Amen. And served the best purpose. But the eternal body where God is going to be dwelling in for eternity, it's you. And there had been 120 temples that God had created was ready for dedication that morning. They had got they had got all their unbelief beat out of them. Amen. They gathered in the upper room and waited for 10 days for dedication or service. Why? because Christ was to enter his glory. Amen. They uh waited for 10 days for dedication service. Then when completely surrendered, God came down again in the shikina glory. Amen. We think that the shikina glory is submission up there. We're envisioning it. That shina glory is wanting you a veil. Yeah. He wants to be hid beyond your veil so that only the believer can see him in you. The unbelievers would not even understand it, but you hid there. And he said God came in his resting place where he finds his rest into the heart of man. His resting place is not he could create anything but he doesn't need all of that. He had only one purpose, resting place, one place that he can hide his glory. All the glory of God, the prophet of God says that is in his word. And he wants to find to hide the glory of his deity of his word behind your skin. Amen. Not in a building, but in the heart of his people, he finds rest. He said until and until you come in behind that badge of skin, until you get out of your old skin, your old thoughts, your old creeds and come into the presence of God, then the word becomes a living reality to you. When does the word become the living reality? When God finds enters into his glory in your heart. It becomes a living reality. Then you are awakened to the shakina glory. We are awakened to the shikina glory. When that shikina is within you. Amen. It it it brings you things to memory. Yes sir. It tells you that my glory. That's the reason probably sometimes men are not a good model, good example, good reference. Sisters are a good reference. The way you dress up with the revelation it's the best defeat to Satan's age. Satan's age, his desire is to undress people. Yeah. But when somebody who has a revelation that I should wear this way to cover my entire body, it's the greatest. Satan cannot stand it. Amen. We used probably years back used to be kids before I even believed the message. You know, sometimes you go poke and play with the girls and and and and kids and boys. Something was supernatural when a girl was dressed up in had a dress long dress well covered up. There was fear inside of me back then. I couldn't approach her. I I I couldn't play with her because she was carrying a divine picture image of God. But you must come behind. We must come in behind the veil to see the unveiled God. We we we're closing now in the book of John chapter 17. Let me read it for you. Jesus say is saying in 9 and 10 he said I pray for them. Jesus is praying you talking about a segressionist. He can segregate. He said I pray for for for them. I pray not for the world. Clear cut. Yeah. Oh no. Let's let's make sure that you you don't touch on the feelings. You might hurt the feelings. This is this is the word saying it. I pray for them and I pray not for the world but for them which thou has given me for they are thine and all mine are thine and thine are mine and where is he glorified not in heaven I am glorified in them that's where the glory of God has to abide the glory he ha he ought to enter into his glory where in you and in me. Amen. Thessalonians one more. Amen. Two Thessalonian one. He said I'm going to read it 10. When he shall come to be glorified in his saints. Yes, sir. Amen. He's not be glorifying. We have the Catholic mentality of God having a little place there. He's walking in that mansion. That's that's beautiful for for little kids. But for grown-ups with the revelation of the grown-ups, no, it's not. So when he shall come to be glorified in his saints, Amen. and to be admired in all that in all them that believe. Could you imagine that? There's no place people can come and admire God in a building. Yeah. He is admired in them. Yeah. You want to admire the glory of God, just approach one sister. Amen. Filled with the Holy Ghost. You can admire the glory of God inside there. Approach a brother filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. 12 said that the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you. Now listen, let me read this again. an unveiled uh unveiling of God. Prophet of God says all the glory that is in God is in his word. Can you imagine his word because when his word is in in man in a woman, it becomes a living reality of God himself. Amen. All the glory that is in God is in his word. All the blessings that that's God that's in God is in his word. It's hid to unbelievers by traditions. See what I mean? But it's all in Christ. All that God was, he emptied himself, winding down, and came into Christ. And we, Amen. into Christ or behind the veil. Amen. So we are invited to him. to be partakers of all he is. The prophet of God still continuing. We are invited into him which is to unbelievers which is hid hid to unbelievers but the but the veil of human flesh. See they know that glory they read of it. It's in the word here. The glory of God and and things like that. To us it's a manifestation. That's right. To them it's a letter. Yeah. Right? When that glory when he enters into his glory in you, it becomes a manifestation. Nobody can copy copycatist cut copy it. It's a manifestation. See, it's no more a word. It's a reality. And he says again, then we become part of him. Amen. as you are the veil that veils him. Amen. No. On the mount transfiguration, all they want to see it was just Jesus glorified. And the prophet of God says that our desire is to see him glorified. Glorified not with self-ride, but in us. In us. Not somewhere. Not in a building somewhere. Not in a mansion somewhere. glorified in us, our lives to prove he is alive and living in us this Easter. It's a reality. A daily reality for a believer. Amen. He said, "If I can get myself out of the way, Yes, sir. If we can get ourselves out of the way." So when William Brandham not even thought of, so you and me not even thought of and you not even thought of till we can see Jesus glorified among us. Let me read this is it's very good. It's very good to read it. I don't I don't see you every day. Give give me five minutes. Great. The playoff and his friend did something of uh great importance at the end. You remember they they loved him. They served him but they couldn't understand it because the Holy Spirit was not given yet. The Holy Spirit was not released yet. Yeah. Which brings all the deity, the mind of God, everything that God is, it's in his word, in the Holy Spirit. They didn't have that. But they did something that was of great importance. Yes. As they were walking, they invited him in. Amen. Y And you know what? We can have we can walk walk all day long. Let's invite him in this morning. You say, you know what? I might have had you maybe for a long time walked with you. This morning I want to come Aresh. And those that have not experienced that glory. Yes, sir. In a vessel hid behind your badge of skins, give him an opportunity. And in this message in the the evidence of the resurrection preached in 1958, the prophet of God says, "Now, here's where I want to get to. What I want you to see that that was the first message after the resurrection. And as he walked with them through that entire day, they did not know him. Yet he was with them, but he himself had their eyes closed. He had their eyes closed. But when it got towards the setting of the sum and Jesus made as if he was to pass them by. Yeah. If that isn't just exactly what he has done again these last days. Amen. At the setting of the sun. Amen. These last days let's leave clear office that morning of the resurrection. Let come in this last day. Amen. I'm going to Don't sleep on me. We're going to stand up in a few minutes. Did you notice what he gave the church then through the day through the seven ages? Right. That was the day. Amen. Did you see what he gave the church then through the day? Just preaching the word. Amen. Amen. He never performed one sign or wonder. That's right. Through the church ages. Amen. He never said anything just preach the word about the resurrection of what the prophet said. That's what he's done since the days of his going away until this last day. You can go on the record find the time that miracles has happened like in this day that had never happened through the other church ages. They had prayer meetings. They had faith. They tried. But what have happened in this setting of the sun has never happened through the churches. But now the prophet of God says, "But now, oh bless his name, the sun is setting and he made as if he would not stop. Oh, I can think of Fenny Crossby when he she cried, "Pass me not, oh gentle savior." And these disciples said, that's the most valuable thing that these disciples said. They could not understand it, could not comprehend or know, but they loved him. And something was within them that was being represented in Christ. And these disciples said, "Come and abide. If we could only be this morning, this afternoon having the same attitude, Amen. the same longing and eager that this Christ that has resurrected, if he's resurrected and standing outside of you, there's no benefit to his resurrection. It's just another story. Yes. But his resurrection is that after he had suffered, he ought to enter into his glory. In that glory, you the one that veil that will hide that glory. He's wanting this morning to come into his glory. Disciples said, "Come and abide. Stay with us through the darkness for it's getting late." and he made out like he was going on but they constrained him. In other words, they begged him in though they couldn't understand though you may not be able but please do what they did. That's the prophet of God saying it. Do what they did. They invited him come in. They said come in. The day is far spent. That's it. It's then and then only can he make himself known when you invite him to come in. Could we stand? How many are willing to invite him in? That the purpose of his resurrection of Easter could fully be revealed in you. Amen. The disciples could not understand that. All these mysteries, they could not understand it. M but they did something that was very valuable said could you come in could could you spend some time we might have been in church for a long time even in the message itself the message the message the the the the stories the realities what happened in this message is so powerful that it can it can even draw you closer but sometimes we might not have the reality Because the reality is so simple. He wants to tabernacle behind your badger behind your skin. When you let him in, when he comes behind your skin, you let him into his glory, then the purpose of his suffering and resurrection is met. Isaiah 49 said before we close this, "Listen, O isolles unto me, and hearken ye people for from far. The Lord had called me from the womb." He has done the same thing with you and me. He called you and me from the wombs of our parents, of our moms. From the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name. He has done the same thing. Many have died, but he didn't let you sleep with others. One out of of a million. How many germs the same day, the same hour you came along with them? or the 1.999 1 point9 million died. You came because there was a supernatural a divine purpose. Amen. For you to be living in this day. Amen. Amen. He didn't allow you to be in the days when he was walking with them, preaching the word. He wanted you to be at the setting of the sun. That's right. Amen. Let this be the setting of the sun in your spiritual walk with him. Said, "God, I know that you have one motive. You want to tabernacle in me." That's the whole that's the message. And I'm I invite you in. And he said, "And he he has made my mouth like a sharp sword. In the shadow of his hand, he hid me." Has he hid me? and made me a polished shaft. In his quiver has he hid me and said unto me, "Thou are my servant, oh Israel, in whom I will be glorified." Amen. God Christ wants to be glorified in you. Christ in you. Yes, sir. That's the only hope for him to be glorified. Amen. That's the only time he can show his glory. Outside of that, there's no glory to be manifested. Let's bow our heads in prayer. Precious Lord, we're so grateful to you that you have allowed us being of times humans wise. But we learned through the revelation that there's a portion of a part of you that's eternal that you deposited within us. That makes us to be double beings. Amen. And Lord, we have now heard in this day that you have called us. We were in the chicken yard. But your scream, father, has reached that portion of you that is within us. And now what we all we long is to hear that voice. All we long is to communicate with that voice of who we are really are. Help us father this morning with this little chopped up message. But father what we wanted to convey is that your resurrection is unfinished. The purpose of you coming condescending through the years, through the generations from Genesis coming down to this age was that you could further release deity in man. Amen. That your deity could find a place in the heart of man. Amen. We are sincerely coming to you and asking you if we have missed that target. If we have walked on through the day of our experience without inviting you in, could you, Father, could you stop Dongo? Could you stop by us this morning? Could you stop by my brother and my sister regardless of the age that we would invite you in and you would do something father that we will know that this is the way you did it before your resurrection. Father, we thank you for the time you have given to us. And we thank you for the shedding of the blood on Calvary through your beloved son Jesus Christ to all take our amnesia away to take all the clatters that were in our even the scale that were in our eyes that we can see. Amen. And Lord, as you have shown yourself to us, there's no other desire but Lord to walk with you, to hold you, to house you in. Don't go. Lord, could you come in? We thank you. We commit your children in your care, Lord. is brother Chad coming back Father this week that you you would provide Father safe flights, safe travels and bring him safe back and you will bless us all Father those that were predestinated to hear you. Come and hunt us that we will never have any day of rest until your glory is has entered in us. Amen. We love you. We thank you. who commit, Father, the days ahead in your care that you will give us strength, Father, to stay, Father, submissive to your word, knowing that this generation, you have not only given us the mechanic, both the mechanic and the den dynamics have been released on your bride. We love you. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Thanks for bearing with us. I know I missed you, but I wanted to just take time with you and God bless you. The song, brother, in my life, Lord be glorified. Be glorified. [Music] in my life. Lord be [Music] glorified today. In your bride. Oh, in your bride, Lord. Be glorified. Be glorified in your bride. Lord be glorified today in my heart. Oh in my heart Lord be glorified. He glorifying my heart Lord be [Music] glorified today. Oh, in my life Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Key of D. Down from his glory, everlivinging story. My God and Savior King. And Jesus was his name. Born in a manger. [Laughter] He was to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. [Music] But oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great [Applause] creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. [Music] What [Music] kind bringing God's [Music] redemption and in the dead of [Music] night one may Oh, God. Gracious tender, you laid aside your slander. [Music] to be to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. [Music] My breath, my [Music] sunshine, my all in [Music] all. The great creator became my savior. And all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him. [Music] Without [Music] realness, flesh and blood, his substance, he took the form of me, revealed all the hidden lamb. [Music] Oh glorious mystery sacriice of [Music] calary and now I know thou art the great I Oh, how I love you. How I adore you. My breath, my sunshine, my [Music] all. The great [Music] creator became my savior. [Music] And all go fullness dwelling in him. Just beyond the veil. Lord, I long to see your face. just to see your beauty there. Just beyond the veil once more. Oh, just beyond the [Applause] veil. Lord, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there, just beyond the veil. Verse two. Oh, beautiful you [Music] are. Beautiful you are. [Music] Beautiful. You are. You are. Beautiful. You are. And you're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You are. You're the prince of peace. Marvelous. You are marvelous. You [Music] are marvelous. You are. You are marvelous. You are. Verse one again. Oh, just beyond the veil. Lord, I long to see your face. Just to see your [Music] beauty, just beyond [Music] the love. [Music] I love him because he first loved me and purchased my [Music] salvation on tree and gone from my heart, the world and all its tr now through the blood I'm saved from all alarms. Down at the cross, my heart is bending low. The preious blood of Jesus cleanses white as snow. And I love him. I love him. me because he first loved me and [Music] purchased my [Music] salvation on Calvary. Dreams dream. Once I was lost and way down deep in sin. Once was a slave to passions fierce within. Once was afraid to trust the loving God. But now I'm cleansed from every stain through Jesus blood and I love him. Oh, I love him. Because he first loved [Music] me and [Music] purchase my [Music] salvation on God. [Music] tree. Once I was bound, but now I am set free. Once I was blind, but now the light I see. Once I was dead, but now in Christ I live. to tell the world around the peace that he doth give and I love him. Oh, I love him because he first love me and just my salvation. ation on cow dream. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh. [Music] [Music]
