################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-02-05 - (2-5-17PM) Rewards For The Faithful - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-02-05
Title:   (2-5-17PM) Rewards For The Faithful - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqU2vKrDpL4
========================================

[Music] I long to be shut in with God. Let's sing that again. Praise God. Shut in with God. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. One more time. Shut in with God. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. I will serve thee because I love thee. Amen. Let's see that. Praise God. I will serve thee because I love thee. And you have given life to me [Music] and I was nothing before you found me. Oh, you have given life to me and heartaches and broken pieces. ruining lives are why you die on Calary and your touch is what I long for. You have given [Music] life to me. Glory. Amen. And let's listen another song. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. Praise God. Thank God for the blood. Praise God. Redeemer died on the cross. Died for the sinner. Paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb. And I will pass. will pass over you. When I see the blood, when I when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Chiefest of sinners. Oh chiefest of sinners, Jesus will save all he has promised. Battle will he do. Wash in the fountain. Open for sin and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Judgment is coming. Oh, judgement is coming. All will be there, each one receiving justly his due in the saving sin cleansing blood. And I will pass will pass over you when I see the blood. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass will pass over you. Last verse. Oh great compassion, oh great compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, faithful and true. Find peace and shelter under the blood and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory. Thank God for the blood. Let's see. Number 65. Jesus, hold my hand. I need the every hour. We need him tonight on a communion night. Praise the Lord. Every hour, every day. Amen. As I travel. Praise the Lord. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me, leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. [Applause] Jesus, hold my hand. my hand. I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me when I kneel in prayer. I know I meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Second verse, let me travel. Let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. Keep me that I may be holy. Things sing redemption song someday. [Music] I will be a soldier brave and true and ever firmly. Take a stand for there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus hold my hand. I need thee every arm through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. [Music] In prayer, I know I meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. There is no other friend on whom we can depend. Praise God. Let's take a few prayer requests here. And we also have a testimony from our sister Wendy. Praise the Lord. If anybody else have a testimony, you can get one ready by God's grace. I lost my debit card last Sunday. Saturday at a gas station is not the first time I misplaced it. So, all I did was call the bank and froze the card. I turned the house uh and my car upside down, but knowing God would give me back my card, I kept waiting. Friday, I was going to give in but forgot to call the bank for new card. Saturday, I drove past the same gas station to get gas again. Something said go and check. They had my card ready for me. Praise God for restoring it. Amen. Praise God. Oh, there's more. There's more. I'm sorry. I only been to the gas station two, three times per year. So, for me to stop there again was letter of the Lord. Jesus Christ is faithful and mindful, even the little things. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a round of applause. Amen. Beautiful. Beautiful. That uncction of the Holy Spirit. Amen. He knows how to guide us and restore all things. Praise God. Wonderful. Does anybody else have a testimony or anything like to share by God's grace? Brother Kevin, you have testimony. Come up here, bro. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Thank you. [Music] I just want to uh thank Jesse in front of the church for helping me this past week picking up um some scriptures for a funeral and uh it went really well. They were perfect and uh like to give the credit goes to you for picking them out and it helped the family and uh Marie and I went to the funeral twice this week so it's pretty busy week and uh if you'd pray for me there's a uh a priest in our comm this was in West Virginia over home community where I grew up in and uh this is the third or fourth time that I've done something with the priest. I prayed over a wedding, a Catholic wedding that he did and uh two funerals, maybe three. I crossed this brother's path path a few times and I had a dream about him, too. And uh I'm waiting for the door to open to speak to him. And uh the what uh pray for me about is I I'm going to have I avoid I want to owe I owe him an apology because I formally didn't introduce myself to him and because I have a problem with something and I don't know how to I want I want to meet with him and discuss it with him. I have a tr I have a problem calling him father. I'm sorry, but I'm not ready to. Right. Right. Whether it's right or wrong, I don't I just have a problem with that right now. Yes, sir. And the man has a really good spirit. He's from Kenya, Africa, I believe. And uh and and I thought something was going to happen this week because I saw him three days in a row and I thought, man, I I just waited for an opening, but nothing uh he he knows who I am now. And uh so I just pray about that. Maybe he and I could have lunch or I would like to friend the gentleman. He's got a good spirit about him. Marie even noticed it, too. has a really nice spirit, does a really nice job. Uh the people in that community over home, West Virginia, they really like them. The Catholic people do. And uh so just remember that. And oh uh sometime this week, remember us in prayer. We have to visit a family. There's a girl that I grew up with over home. Her son committed suicide a week ago, two weeks ago and uh her husband's not doing very well. There were some issues there. I think maybe the husband what we've gathered the husband maybe blame and uh a mutual friend that I grew up with has contacted us and asked us to meet with them and speak to him. remember this. Uh when our son passed away, we had I didn't want to go anywhere for a while. I didn't like being in public for a while and people started to worry about us and I noticed a lot of people came to us wanted us to get out and do things. I was fine. I was I just didn't remember this. I wasn't ready to go out. A lot of people, a lot of family members want to get that person out and try to help, but there's a this I know what's going on. This other mutual friend wants us to get down there and I'm going to go see him, but I'm not going to I'm just going to visit. I don't want to discuss any I uh I'm just going to visit and discuss or not discuss anything. Just be there as a friend. Uh because I can remember back when our son passed away, I had a friend come by and he he didn't say anything and that was the best that was the best thing for me and uh I hope everybody could understand what I'm trying to if so if you ever come across that something I don't wish that on anybody if you ever come across that uh another friend of mine's son passed away and I can remember him telling me took him about he said it's going to take you two years. I'm like wow and it was that was true for me. It was about two years for me. Everybody's different but Yes, sir. Uh I think that's all I can't remember now. I didn't mean to talk that much. I'm sorry, but uh I thought I could help with that. That's all right. Thank you. Appreciate that. We'll lift those up in prayer. Thank you, sir. Thank you for sharing that, brother. We appreciate we'll take those two needs before the Lord, dear, of this Catholic priest and also the family of this uh young boy who committed suicide. Could you give me the family's last name by chance? Yes. Uh Galdo. Galdo. Yes. Galdo. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God for God's love and mercy. You know, that's kind of what scripture we'll look at today is that we're supposed to u go boldly before the throne of grace to find uh grace to help in the time of need. pure religion and undefiled religion before God is to visit the fatherless and the widows and anyone that's hurting. You know, that's that's real Christianity when you can visit people right when they're going through it, brother. So, we appreciate you sharing that. Uh may God guide you there. Any other requests on the hearts of the people? Any other testimonies or anything, sister Marie? Okay. talked about. Yeah, I haven't I know Megan's dad's doing pretty well. They were She was She sent me a text and she was really elated. She was pretty happy. Yeah. Amen. Well, we could pray for both of those as well. Dad, Sunny's mom. Yeah. I haven't heard anything as well by God's grace. I'll make sure I text him afterwards. And I also pray for Lisa again. niece is having the surgery Thursday morning at 9:00 a.m. So, I put that on my prayer list for Thursday morning to take her before the Lord and ask God to give her a good surgery and we'll meet the new grandbaby sometime soon. Praise God. If we can, let's just bow our heads in word of prayer. Ask God to minister to these needs. He ever liveth to minister to these needs here. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads, Lord, in a reverence to you, Lord God. Godliness is what we have, Lord God, because of your grace. Reverence for you, Lord. And Father, we come confessing our sins. Forgive me. Forgive us of our sins and transgressions, any evil thoughts, evil words, evil actions. God, please cleanse us, Lord, from all unrighteousness. May these prayers, Lord, be received in heaven. Dear God, we come boldly to find help for each one of these needs. We first thank you, though, for the testimonies of Sister Wendy and Brother Kevin. Thank you for providing both needs, Lord God. You are so mindful. Thank you for the uncction of the Holy Spirit, Lord God, and uh just knowing that you're with us, Lord. What a blessing. What a what a wonderful encouragement, Lord. It's great to see your presence, Father. We pray for these needs, Lord. God, uh we pray for Megan's dad and Sunny's mom as they recover, Lord. Or perhaps they're still battling. I know Megan's dad's recovering. Father, we just pray, God, you be merciful. will be near to them. Give the family such a spirit of love to support them and pray for them. And we pray, Lord, also for her. May these requests go up before you as incense, Lord God, and see the burning desire in our hearts to see our sister Kathy come back again to visit us, Lord. How we'd love to see that, dear God. I pray you'd raise her up, Jesus. We pray. Father, be with this this week, Lord, with Sister Lisa's surgery. Father, may the baby uh be delivered in a healthy manner and protect Sister Lisa, Lord, as she goes through another surgery, another C-section. Strengthen her, Lord God, by the power of the Holy Spirit. Give her swift healing, dear God. And pray the baby, Lord, wouldn't have any blood problems, dear God. Uh we just pray, Lord, that you'd make a way, Lord, that this little child could uh could be healthy, Lord, and and uh and have no troubles, dear Lord Jesus. And father, we also pray this week for brother Kevin. Lord, you give him a chance, Lord, to minister this Catholic priest, Lord, probably ignorant of the things they're doing, Lord. Perhaps may you give Brother Kevin such a a spirit of wisdom and discernment, Lord, to speak things he'd be so salty, Lord, he could have a lunch with them or some type of meeting, Lord God. You see, desire of his heart, Lord God. I pray you minister that need. Be with the Galdo family, Lord. can't imagine the pain, Lord. But, Father, may somehow you comfort them, Lord, in the midst of their pain. You said you'd send the comforter to comfort, dear God. I pray you minister to them, dear Jesus. Father, be with that the father as well that he'd not blame himself, Lord. If he's if he's got something he's he's burdened, may he repent, Lord, if he's got a burden or if he's done wrong. But Father, I just pray God you'd uh give him peace, Lord, and able to walk on, Lord, in time. Father, bless any tithes and offerings we're about to receive, anything at all. And Father, I pray you be with us tonight. Prepare our hearts for this communion, dear God. We're so grateful to be here, Lord God. So glad to renew our allegiance to you, Lord, to be shut in with you. We're so grateful for that, Lord God. And we just love to worship you. Anoint us Lord Aresh for thy glory in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen. Praise the Lord." Anybody have a special tonight by God's grace? Anybody? Okay. Glory. And uh praise God. Let's sing a couple more. We'll just sing one or two more by God's grace and uh we'll look to the Lord here. Praise God. Amen. Let's sing a little. Let's pick it up a little bit. Have we sang that song? Whose side are you standing on? Brother, have you and I sang that song? Okay. Well, I'm sure you'll get it after a few songs. Why don't we stand on our feet and sing that song? Brother uh Austin told me he woke up yesterday morning singing that song. Whose side are you standing on? So, as we pray for him this morning, let's sing that song. And we're stand on the Lord's side with Jesus today. Praise God. Whose side are you standing on? I'm standing on the Lord's side. Whose side are you standing on? I'm standing on the Lord's side. I stand. I stand. I stand. I stand. I'm standing on the Lord's side. I stand. I stand. I stand. I stand. I'm standing on the Lord. Clapping on. Whose side are you clapping on? Clapping on the Lord side. Whose side are you clapping on? I'm clapping on the Lord side. I clap, I clap, I clap, I clap. I'm clapping on the Lord's side. I clap, I clap, I clap, I clap. I'm clapping on. Let's do stomping. Who side are you stomping on? I'm stomping on the Lord side. Whose side are you stomping on? I'm stomping on the Lord's side. I stomp by stomp by stomp by stomp. I'm stomping on the Lord's side. I stomp by stomp by stomp by stomp. I'm stomping on the Lord. Jumping on. Whose side are you jumping on? I'm jumping on the Lord side. Who side are you jumping on? I'm jumping on the Lord's side. I jump, I jump, I jump, I jump. I'm jumping on the Lord's side. I jump, I jump, I jump, I jump, I'm jumping on. Let's do a wave. And whose side are you waving on? I'm waving on the Lord's side. And who side are you waving on? I'm waving on the Lord's side. I wave, I wave, I wave, I wave. I'm waving on the Lord side. I wave, I wave, I wave, I wave, I'm waving on the Lord's side. Amen. Praise God. Just got to get that starchiness out of me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank God for that. Hallelujah. Let's sing one more song. Uh, let's sing uh I know it was the blood. Let's sing that before we get into the word of God. Let's like these pick it up tonight by God's grace. Amen. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon that cross. I know it was the blood for me. I know he's coming back. Well, I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon that cross. I know it coming back for me. Thank God for the blood. Well, I thank God for the blood. I thank God for the blood. I thank God for the blood for me. [Music] One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon that cross. I thank God for the blood for me. Oh the blood and oh the blood of Jesus. Oh preious blood of Jesus. And all the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. I'm so glad. And I'm so glad that he found me. Yes, I'm so glad that he found me. Yes, I glory that he found me and wash me white as snow. And all the blood of Jesus. Precious blood of Jesus. And know the blood of Jesus. It wash me white as snow. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Let's stand to our feet. Let's take our Bibles here. I got a testimony as you're turning here. I just got a text from Brother Austin. He said, "Brother Jesse, you'll never believe it." This just came in about 5 minutes ago. After I sent a text at 9:14 a.m., I tossed and turned for a little bit, struggled to fall asleep because I was very nauseous. My head was pounding, but eventually I fell asleep and I just woke up and I feel fine now. That almost never happens to me. That's supernatural. I thank you so much for praying for me, brothers and sisters at church. God and you guys are great. I'm so happy for that. So, let's give the Lord a round. We know what he means. Only God's great. Bless his heart. I hope he's live streaming by God's grace. Yeah, he gets really bad headaches. Um uh every now and then. So, thank God for his mercy and his love. He believes it's supernatural. I believe that, too. If that's his confession, I believe that. Praise God. Let's open up to Romans 14. I want to, like I said, I want to look at this thought here tonight on rewards for the faithful. That's gonna be my title. Rewards for the faithful. And uh I kind of want to review a little bit. I'm kind of going to put a couple sermons together here, Lord willing, and hopefully keep it about an hour by God's grace. Some things I preached in the past, but uh I think it'll be a blessing to you. Romans 14:7. Romans 14:7. How many love the Lord today? So thankful for God's mercy. You know, and I got kind of inspired on this thought. I was um last night I was texting that the guy who visited I prayed for Jacob. He's like, he sent me some texts. I started sending him text. He's like, brother, that's led of the Holy Spirit. He said, ' That's so deep. And he started, he kept sending me some other things. I kept sending him scriptures and he's like, I've been praying about rewards and crowns and all these things. And uh the thing just kept coming. So, I kind of felt led to go back and look at this and I've been looking at different quotes about well done, good and faithful servants. So, I want to preach on some of those tonight. I just want to be a servant for Christ. Amen. How many want that? We just want to examine our lives, you know, again, as we uh uh just, you know, take communion. We want to make sure we're serving the Lord and and doing all we can for God's glory. Romans 14:7-9. [Music] Romans 14:7. If you're there, say, "Amen." Amen. For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself. For whether we live, we live unto the Lord. Whether we die, we die unto the Lord. Whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord. Isn't that comforting? Amen. We are the Lords. For to this end, Christ both died and rose and revived that he might be Lord both of the dead and the living. Wow. That's what the power of the cross accomplished, that he would be Lord of living and dead. But why dust thou judge thy brother? Or why dust thou said it not thy brother? For we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. For it is written, as I live, sayeth the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God. Now, let's read verse 12 on three. 1 2 3. So then, every one of us shall give an account of himself to God. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Uh rewards for the faithful. Let's just ask God to help us here tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you. We we've read your word. I just pray God you speak to us now through this thy word Lord and uh encourage us Lord. Strengthen us here. We just want to be fa faithful Lord God. Really we don't care what the reward is as long as it's you and eternal life Lord. We don't really care what our life reward is. We just want to be faithful. We want to be true to you, Lord. And communion time is such a great time, Lord, as we even look this morning at ourselves deeper. It's such a wonderful time to look at these scriptures again and re refresh them to our hearts and minds. Lord, help us to be faithful and Lord, help us to uh fall more in love with you. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. And everybody said, "Amen." God bless you to be seated. Praise God. That was a very nice text from our brother. Praise the Lord. Nice encouragement right before we preach. Haven't heard from brother. Amen. So, I have to pray for him when we get done here. By God's grace. So, I'd like to um look at these uh tonight. Uh, by God's grace, I want to look at rewards for the faithful. I'm going to start with some of the reward scriptures. On Wednesday, I mentioned a few of them. I think I put a few up there on Wednesday, a few slides and, uh, kind of want to go over this again. Uh, by God's grace, and then I want to look at a few more scriptures on the throne in heaven because I never really finished that thought. I preached two sermons on it, but then I preached another one. Wendy was there. I preached that at brother Cam's uh, two weeks ago. Had a really good time in the Lord there, and I kind of preached it there, but I never finished it here. So, I want to lay a few scriptures in and then I want to close with uh the parable of the talents. I want to close with that one. Uh the Lord willing by God's grace. How many want to better understand the word of God? Amen. Amen. Never want to be satisfied. Never want to be uh complacent. Always want to be hungry for more. Amen. Praise God. That that's really our desire, my true desire. And I prayed that sincerely yesterday. I prayed that this morning. And just feeling really good serving the Lord Jesus. Amen. So, let's look at a few scriptures here. Uh Malachi, I guess we can switch over and we'll put up some scriptures here uh to remind us about the rewards and uh hope it' be a blessing to you. Praise God. We start in Romans 7 uh 14 rather 7 through the end. These are different, you know, fonts. These are old powerpoints. I kind of pulled I think I preached this in 2008 if I'm not mistaken. I want to pull some of these thoughts and look at some of these tonight. Here was our text, you know, where we are the Lord's and everyone gives an account unto Christ uh of himself. And so we want to be faithful obviously and we we're going to have to give an account. We're going have to tell exactly why we did th this why we chose to do that. And don't you want to just stand there and say, "I did it because I felt led to do it by your Holy Spirit. I prayed. I waited. I didn't try to jump or hastily make a decision and I just waited upon your leading, Lord. That's why I did it." And uh that's we want to we want to be able to answer all that uh in that type of manner because we're we are all going to stand before the judgment seat of Christ. Remember in brother Ram's vision in the fifth seal about going beyond the curtain of time. Of course he told it back in 1961. Um but remember he said the the voice said you'll be judged first before you go to your people. Judged. You'll be judged first. Judged. Uh you have to give an account and it'll be judged. And thank God Jesus told us what the words will be. It'll be well done, good and faithful servant. Amen. Those are the words. When he judges and looks at our lives, he'll say, "Well done, good and faithful servant." So, we know uh what the judgment uh entails uh being faithful. And then we're given it's given a a a consolation of it was done well. Hallelujah. So, we want to do that. Now, worthy to escape and stand Jesus tells us this. Now, this scripture is for our day. Brother Ram talked about this scripture. and take heed to themselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeting and drunkenness and cares of this life, so that that day come upon you unawares. That's why we're watching and praying. Amen. Don't let the physical natural things distract you from the day that's coming. For as a snare shall come upon all them that dwell upon the face of the earth. Watch ye therefore and pray always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and stand before the Son of Man. So, we must be worthy to escape and worthy to stand before him. Now, this is speaking of at the judgment seat of Christ, right? For rewards. And we'll get to that in just a moment. By God's grace. Now, every man shall receive his own reward. The Bible said in 1 Corinthians 3. Now, he that planteth and he that wareth her one. Now, this is actually speaking of preachers in this case, but we know it's every every man, every work, every man has a work, rather, every woman has a work. And every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. All right. So we have a work to do. And it must be a labor of what? Love. Not legalism. A labor. Labor of love. We must love to do it. We must get back in our minds. Transform our minds that we love doing our job for the Lord. Whatever job he's called you, whether music or preaching or family life or whatever individual serving others, like we said, it's all service. Whatever, wherever your area of service is. For we are laborers together with God. You are God's husbandry. You are God's building according to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise master builder. I have laid the foundation. See the first church age. Amen. And another buildth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildth thereon. For other foundation can no man lay than that which is I'm sorry than that than that is laid which is Jesus Christ. Now if any man build upon foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, haste, stubble, every man's work shall be made manifest. for the day shall declare it because it shall be revealed by fire and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. So I was uh I was texting that Jacob guy. I love him. He's just a good he's like brother Kevin said he's just got a good spirit. You know he always backs me up. You know everything I preach at the Bible club and everything everything I preach here he backs it up. But uh as I was texting him the thought came to me of Lot in Sodom. The fire that fell tried his work. Right. It tried him. The fire tried it and it saw how many did people to get saved? He got two saved. His wife wasn't other family members wasn't. He got two saved. That fire tried his work. Does everybody see that? By God's grace, it was revealed by fire. It also revealed Abraham's power of prayer. Glory. Amen. Remember, he prayed for her Lot and the Bible said God remembered Abraham's prayer. So see all the fires, all the judgments, all these trials will reveal what works you did. Got to remember your prayers, church. When the hard times come, got to remember your prayers. Hallelujah. The thing to do is stay in communion. Stay in prayer with the Lord Jesus. Pray for those foolish virgin or pray for the priests or pray pray that they won't be foolish virgin or whatever more. Just pray. Intercede. God remembers our prayers and fire will try every man's work. What sword it is. Hallelujah. Now finishing the verse. If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss. Didn't lot lose his wife lost. But he himself shall be saved. Yet so as by fire. See what I thought my what? That was just felt inspired. That wasn't me. I felt that was the Holy Spirit because he brings everything to your remembrance. So see if if it doesn't uh go through the fire like we sang about he'll take you through the fire again. Uh if it doesn't make it through the fire, it suffers loss. Think about the three Hebrew children. Their own lives were brought through the fire. Amen. They didn't suffer loss. They suffer gain. Amen. Hallelujah. They said even if I don't make it through the fire, we won't serve sinners. Amen. We won't serve the beast 666 like it was 600 by 60 and six all that. We won't serve the mark of the beast. Amen. We won't bow to the pope. Hallelujah. Or the world ecumenical system. Amen. Ain't that beautiful? By God's grace. The fire will prove everything. The the fires of God. Like brother Bam said, the uh the rapture will prove who is the the wise virgin and who is the foolish. The fire of the rapture. Amen. And brother Bam like and remember this this is just a quote and I believe we can find the scripture too. Let's go to Revelation 8. I think that's the scripture. Revelation 8. But the Ram about in the rat. No, I'm not sure. I'm not at this point. I'm not quite sure which sermon it was. Um, he talked about the fire falling. I don't remember which one that was. Uh, I forget where it was, but he talked about the rapture. He likened the rapture unto the fire falling. And he talked about when he and his family went out to see this site and they said, "Get ready. The fire is ready to fall." I don't remember the quote. Brother Jose, do you remember that quote? Park. Yeah. Euseimony Park. Yeah. I don't remember. Brother Lord, do you remember which sermon? Okay, I don't remember. I could look it up, but it would take a little bit. Okay, it might Yeah, it might be in the rapture message. I I thought it was. But he likened the fire falling to the rapture. Now, look at Revelation 8:1. And when he'd opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour. And I saw the seven angels which stood before God. And to them were given seven trumpets. And another angel came and stood at the altar having a golden sensor. And there was given unto him much incense that he should offer it upon the prayers of all the saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. And the smoke of the incense which come came with the prayers of the saints ascended up before God out of the angel's hand. The angel took the sensor and filled it with fire off the altar and cast into the earth and there were lightnings or thunderings and lightnings and earthquakes. So I just thought this was interesting. Brother man talked about the rapture talked about fire falling. Here we have fire falling right after the opening of the seventh seal. We know the seventh seal was the day or hour. Brother Bam tells us that. So I just thought I'd lay that in there. That's a little interesting. All right. But both are connected with the falling of fire. Remember God always vindicated his sacrifice by sending fire. Amen. With Elijah, with Solomon, with Moses. Hallelujah. Always fire falling. With of courseh Abel as well. Now here's some more scriptures on rewards. Now, I think I think what I'll do if I remember right, I think I'll just skip past and hit the highlights because uh I think I sum these up uh on a few slides here. Yeah. Here's the and I showed these on Wednesday, too. You and I when we labor, here's what we get rewards for. How many How many like this? By God's grace, you get reward for withstanding persecution, just standing any trial, standing any making fun, and during temptation, Jesus said you get a reward for that. Giving a cup of water in the name of Jesus or disciple, get a reward for that. Receiving a prophet or righteous man, there's a reward for that. Hallelujah. Praying in secret. Giving alms in secret. Planting and watering the gospel. We just read that. Leaving family members, possessions for the sake of the Lord. There's a reward for that. Fighting a good fight. Keeping the faith. Making a dinner for those who cannot repay you. Pure and undefiled religion. Visiting the fatherless and widows in their affliction. That's pure religion. loving enemies, lending with hope of no repaying, being kind to the unthankful and evil, serving God willingly, hardly service to the Lord in anything, and diligent seeking of God brings you rewards. I I got those because I went through all the New Testament on the word reward. Now, let's look at these quotes. I want to These are the ones I hadn't read to you. I read through the scriptures, but hadn't read these. Okay. Yeah, let's read these two. Right here. Yeah. No, right here. Second John 1 8 and9. This is beautiful. This is what the brother was saying on the text. He's like, "Brother, that's deep." I said, "Well, just the Holy Spirit. Just the word of God. Watch yourselves so that you may not lose what we have worked for, but may win a full reward." What are you working for? To win souls. Hallelujah. Uh to uh keep the kingdom of God going, right? Shining, manifesting Christ. This is what you're working for. I thought that was beautiful. A full reward. Now, think about this. We're going to get to the talents. Remember the full reward. You got a full reward if you were faithful with what God gave you. A full reward was doubling what Christ gave you. All right? So, think about that. A full reward. Whosoever transgressth and abideth not the doctrine of Christ hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the father and the son. Now, that reminds me this morning. Remember that scripture about doctrine? You got to stay in the doctrine. And if you do that, full reward. Amen. Hallelujah. Behold, I come quickly. Hold that fast which thou hast that no man take thy crown. This is what came to me when I was texting him. Um when I was texting the brother, Judas was given a ministry, but he forsook the ministry and God raised up Matias. Now, brother Brandham said he never did nothing. Uh, that might be true, but I went and read history and it just said that he did a lot of preaching and winning souls. So, I I don't know. I'm just saying we know ultimately, right, Matias, if he wasn't it, Paul was put in there with the 12, right? Paul was put in there. And look, here's Judas spot. He could have been a he could have been a messenger to the Gentiles, right? Or he could have had some great position. He forsook that. And what did God do? God filled in Matias. And then obviously God filled in St. Paul. Amen. And somebody takes his ministry. somebody takes his position because he forsook his calling in life. I wonder how many when we see preachers walk away. I wonder if they didn't have a real calling of God, but then they they left it for whatever reason. Money, popularity, women, like we said, for whatever reason, they might have a genuine call of God because Judas had a genuine call. Jesus prayed all night before he called Judas. He had a genuine call. He said, "Come follow me. I'll make you fisher of men." He said that to all of them. But he turned it and another man takes his crown. Now think about what's God calling you to do. Let's be faithful to what God called us to do. Now look at this quote. It's beautiful. Father, the hour has come. 1956. The time has come that God will gather his church together through the through under one great big banner of the Lord Jesus Christ and pour out his powers among them and great signs and wonders will take place. The time has come. The time has come for the Pentecostal church to make a stand. The time has come to circumcise the church and call out this foolishness. The time has come to go back to the old landmark. The time has come for the outpouring. The time has come for the gathering of the people. The time has come for Jesus to come. The time will be here soon to give out the rewards. Amen. Brother, be careful that your crown isn't set on someone else's head. The time has come. I never forget when I got an invitation to preach some uh Labor Day meetings and one preacher turned it down and eventually fell the message and I took it and God won some save some souls there that just did a wonderful work. I forget all the testimonies. I don't want to start saying things because I might forget I might mix up sermons. I thought it was so interesting and he gave it up to go watch a football game. Yeah, that's exactly what I talked to him later. He gave up preaching Memorial Day services or Labor Day to watch a football game and uh then fell away the message. And I recently saw I'm friends with him on Facebook. I saw him dancing to Guns and Roses uh drunk at a wedding reception. Be careful. What the Bible say? Be careful of what you've already got. That no man take your crown. I'm not saying I took his crown. I'm just saying that's one example where I can see God had invited God invited him to minister. Right? The pastor's heart was for that brother to come. He turned it down. I stepped in and I don't know just look just look what happens. I'm just saying that's one simple example where I can clearly see where an opportunity was given to someone and they turned it down. God help us never to turn down the call of God. Amen. But see, it had to manifest that way to show what was in the person's heart. The time has come. We're at the end time. If we're ever going to do anything, brethren, we're going to do it now. The time is at hand. The time has come when God's shaking every denomination under the sun. I'm glad he shook my denomination because now I'm out of that denomination. Amen. Glory. See, be careful that your crown isn't set on someone else's. Can you imagine Paul getting the crown and it should have been could have been Judas. Could have been could have been Judas's. That was his apostilhip, the Bible says, but he forsook it. And so God found somebody else to take his place. My now I'm sorry. These are so tiny. God forgive me. I don't mean to hurt your eyes. Just believe that. I tried to raise the font size, too. But this is a PowerPoint file. It wouldn't work because it doesn't mesh well with Keynote. So, forgive me. I'll just read that first paragraph. Now, he can provide himself a church. He don't have to have me. Look at Look how humble the man was. He don't have to use me. See, that's why I said God don't have to use me to be a pastor here. He don't have to have you. You know, he don't He don't have to have He can provide. Somebody else can take your place. Be careful some don't take your crown. He don't have to have us, but we have to have him. Isn't that powerful? You don't I mean that see we love Christ and we know he loves us but we don't want to ever take it for granted because then it might show something's wrong in our heart, right? Like Judas something showed obviously something's wrong there. You forsake your apostilhip, God will raise up somebody else. My and then he said he gives oh it gives a good example of Jesus. He said, "If you ever lived, you've got to have him because he's the only one." As Peter said, "Will you all?" Jesus said to Peter, "Will you all go away?" It's like Jesus saying, "If you want to go." Now, think about that. My I just thought about that. 70 preachers left, but after Pentecost, look at all the thousands that came in. I imagine God raised up hundreds of preachers, thousands of preachers. Those 70 left, fine. If you want to go, I'll raise up somebody that will believe it. Amen. I'll raise up somebody that will rejoice, not over just miracles, but having their names written in heaven. Hallelujah. On the lamb's book of life. Amen. Beautiful. Look at this. Wisdom versus faith. Now, if you have eternal life today, you are in God. By God's being in you, you are God's expressed thought. Woo. Then don't listen to any reasonings lest your crown be taken and give to another. Don't take any reasonings at all. Just believe what God says is truth and stay with it. What' that preacher fall away from? The believe the sign stuff. Oh, there's no cloud. Oh, brother Brandham's not a prophet. All this other stuff. And really, I and I was emailing back and forth with people around that move. I said, "Really? Can you prove the cloud wasn't from God?" And they can't. You're taking both of us are taking somebody's word. They're either taking the NASA's word or whoever it is out there in California, whatever. Or we're taking a vindicated prophet of God's word. Uh, I don't take very long to to decide who I'm going to trust on that one. I'm gonna trust God's prophet who preached salvation through Jesus Christ preached the revealed word of the Bible said thus sayith the Lord 4,000 times. I'm gonna trust that man. Amen. Hallelujah. Because ultimately you're going to trust somebody that NASA wasn't there to see it. Brother Brandon was there to see it. Amen. Hallelujah. Who you going to trust? Uh California government or or a man sent from God? I'm going to trust a man sent from God every time. Amen. Don't take reasonings. See, and the reason he liked that because he didn't like marriage and divorce. And then he wrote we wrote this email back and forth. I tried to persuade him to come back and he didn't like marriage and divorce and didn't like different things brother said about women and all these things and every for every qu question he had, I gave a good Bible answer and didn't like that. Never responded to any of it. But uh I tried by God's grace. Now this is beautiful in the scripture in Revelation 3 in the church age. He tells us to hold fast fast till he comes. Okay. Oh yeah. Here it is. That no this is actually scripture. Behold I come quickly. Hold fast what thou hast. Let no man take thy crown. Look at that. That's actual words of Christ. Brother Kevin, you got a crown there waiting for you. Brother Adam Jose, brother Bang Loris, we have crowns. All the sisters, you got crowns waiting there for. Don't let anybody take your crown. He's got a place for somebody in Akran, Ohio that'll serve him. And he's got a crown waiting for somebody. Now, you decide if you want your crown or you want to give it to somebody else. Is that right? That's exactly right. But Ram said, "It is in the midst of a time of great trouble that Jesus comes. And with his coming, there's a resurrection. Many are going to come forth out of the dust and rise with those who are alive, but waiting for his return. And these will be given crowns." Why? Because they are sons of God. They are kings with him. Oh, glory. They're reigning with him. That is what the crown signifies. Reigning and ruling with the great king himself. Oh my. That is the promise to all those who suffer with him here on earth. All those who endured patiently knowing that God, the just judge would reward them. Amen. They who gave up all for him. Glory. And commit it all to him will sit down in his throne and share in his glorious kingdom. Amen. Hallelujah. Look what he says next. Oh, we have a word for us all at this time. You want to know the word? Just hold fast. Persevere. Hold fast. Keep going. Keep uh persevering. Don't give up. He said put on the whole armor of God, which Abraham said, you have to have the Holy Ghost to have the whole armor of God on. Got to be born again. He said Peter tried to. He couldn't even argue against the maid before the crucifixion. He said because he didn't have the full armor of God. He went to Pentecost, got the full armor of God, and fought so much and fought so hard he was even be privileged to be crucified upside down. Amen. Use every weapon he's given to us. Got a lot of good weapons in here. Praise God. Amen. Use every gift at our disposal and look ahead with joy. Mal, I need to switch this over. Did I forget to switch it over? It's okay. All right. Thank you, sir. Sorry. Use every gift at our disposal and look ahead with joy because we're going to be crowned by him who is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Isn't that beautiful? You like that? Don't let anybody take your position. Anybody take your crown. Now look, church, you get a crown just for being a faithful church member. Amen. Serving God. You got a position. You got a crown here. You got to fulfill your post of duty. Praise the Lord. Now, now we did the rewards here. Let me scroll down. I had a few things I wanted to share on this. Yeah. Some are given now or some are later. Remember the rewards. Like Jesus said, they asked Jesus, "Oh, we've left all. We followed you." And he said, "Uh, you've left the go everything for gospel sake." In verse 30, but he shall receive a hundfold now in this time houses and brethren and sisters and mothers and children lands with persecutions and the worlds to come eternal life. So all you do for God, there's rewards now and there's rewards later. Praise God. He's not going to let you go through life and not be rewarded. Amen. If you leave everything, he'll give you everything. Amen. Just think about Kevin and Marie. They could drive to Bluffton and every house in the church would be open for them probably, right? Because you've inherited new family members. I could go back home and and if my mom wouldn't let me in, I all those members, all the saints there, if I go to Lima, all those saints would gladly open their home for me. Why? Because we have a new family. Praise the Lord. I was telling brother Austin uh yesterday we were fellowshipping. I said, "Bro," he's like, he's like, "Brother, all the we we were talking about, you know, different things we go through." I was like, "Brother, there are so many believers your age that serve the Lord." He's like, "Really?" I said, 'We need to take you to the winter Youth retreat or we need to take you to some conventions. He's like, "Yeah, I just want to talk to somebody who's my age." 20. He's 20 that uh because everybody here is all married or or you know, or older or something like that or male or female, you know, you can't you can't really fellowship like that, you know. Uh I said, "I'm" and so I contacted Brother Samuel Browning. He's going to let us come to the uh they have little uh youth meetings at his house twice a month. So, he's going to let us come there. I'm going to get them hopefully take brother Austin there if he's not sick or something like that and get some fellowship because he's left on he's got no friends left. I thought that's exactly what God wants him to do. Get away from all his friends who can give him a hundfold now. Amen. They got to be somewhere. Amen. I'm not saying they're all Sheffield. They're all all around. But just got to meet them by God's grace. Amen. Amen. So, see rewards now and rewards to come. Now, let me uh I think that was the main one I want to get out of there cuz I was looking here. All right. Now, I want to reread this here. The dream about the crowns being given out. Yeah, here it is. Brother's dream. I read this, like I said, back in August. It was on a Wednesday night. I don't know. Did anybody remember that? Okay, there's no hands up. Okay, so you don't remember. Okay. So, you need it again because I was encouraged when I read this. I thought, my this is beautiful. Praise the Lord. He said, "Coming down there, that glorious palace yonder, that kingdom of God there, where all the old will be young, where the white robes, he said, are already on them." Amen. Not like the Jews. The Jews don't have the white robes. Remember, under the throne in the martyr's altar, they don't have any robes. But he said the robes are already on them there. Hallelujah. Amen. And the men and women has changed in the beauty, the very art of a handsome man, a lovely woman standing there and all the beauty and statue of a young woman and a young man standing there and can never get old, never can be sinful, never give me any jealousy, hatred, anything. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to be there. Hallelujah. I think the tapes is off now. I just got about three or four minutes. I want to talk to you. Is that all right? He said, "Now, this is just personal. I like when prophets are personal." Tell me your personal thoughts. That's what I want to know. All right, I just got about three. Okay. Yeah. Now, that's going to be so tremendous. He said, I think I just better say it now. I was uh you know, I got a little wife that I love. That's Mida. And I would not have even married her because of my love for my first wife. And yet, as much as I care for her, I wouldn't have married her if it hadn't been God told me to do it. Now, I'm going to skip ahead till we get to the story here. He said, "I want to tell you a little something happened. This was a dream. I was asleep and now I've never told this publicly before. I told to a couple people but never publicly before as I know of. I dreamed about a month after that that I was standing one day and I was watching the great time. Not the judgment. Now, this ain't the judgment. This ain't the white throne judgment. He said, "I don't believe the church ever comes. I mean, the bride goes to a judgment, but I was there when the crowns was being given out." That's 1 Corinthians 13. I'm sorry. 1 Corinthians 3 where every man must stand before the judgment seat of Christ. That's the crowns for the believer, the bride, the Holy Ghost filled. Praise God. Every man has to give an account at that at that seat. So, see what brother's saying. The dream was of the crowns being given out. So, this is sometime after the rapture. Now, you might know the order better than me. I don't I don't know exactly know the order, but I know we're going to meet him in the air and we're going to the wedding supper. But, I don't know if the supper's before the crowns. I don't know if the crowns are before the supper. I don't know that. But I do know there's going to be crowns given out. Amen. And the great big throne set up there and Jesus and the recording angel. Can you imagine that? A recording angel. And he's recording tonight. Hallelujah. He's watching us tonight. Get ready for communion. Amen. And all standing there and there was a stair steps coming down this way of white ivory. Picture that. A white ivory stair step. He said run down a circle and made a panoramic. Can you see a white circle stairs? You know, beautiful ivory white my And so that all this great host standing out there could see what was happening. So huge stairs so everybody in the audience could see everybody walk up to Christ's throne. And I was standing back over way back on one side. I was just standing there. I never had an idea I had to walk them steps myself. I was standing there. I'd seen a recording angel would call a certain name. And I know I recognize that name. And I look way back out. Here come the brother walking. And the recorded angel standing there by the side of Christ just a dream now and was watching and their names was on there. It was found in the book of life. He looked over at them and say it was well done my good and faithful servant. Now enter in. So to me this might be before the wedding supper. I don't know. I look back where they was all going and there was a new world in the joys. Enter in the the joys the Lord has been uh for yours since the foundation of the world. Now, I'm sorry, this one is so small. Please, I mean, maybe just close your eyes. I didn't mean to do this. And I thought, oh, they go through there and meet one another and just rejoicing and going over mountains and great big places. Can you imagine that? There's a gate. There's Christ there on the stairs. And then behind that, Brother Ram can see mountains and places. And he watches them go in and they're just they're they're walking up by the mountains, you know? They're just in this beautiful place. Amen. And I say, "Glory, hallelujah." Just he's jumping up and down. Weren't we jumping tonight? And there he is at the judgment seat of Christ jumping up and down saying, "Brother Neville got in." Hallelujah. You'll be jumping. Brother Jesse got in. Brother so and so. Sister so and so got in. Why? Because it's the greatest moment of our lives. Amen. So have Christ say, "Well done, sister so and so. Well done, brother so and so." He said, "I hear another name called and oh, I know him. I know him. There he goes there. Watch him right up. Enter in the joys of the Lord, my good and faithful. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Just think, they would say, Orman Neville. I'd say, that's old brother Neville. There he is. And here he comes out of the crowd, goes up. I hear him say, "Enter in the joys that's been prepared for you since the foundation of the world. Enter in." And old brother Neville changed. And just start back in there just screaming and hollering. Oh my. Can you imagine? And we're maniacs here. Think about the maniacs will be there. Amen. Screaming and shouting. Brother's jumping. Brother Neville got in. Hallelujah. Walking up the thrones before. Now, is anybody worthy? No. But it's the blood of Jesus. Amen. It's the indwelling of the Holy Spirit that changed our lives and made us worthy. Hallelujah. And boy, I just shout and say, "Glory to God, standing over here by myself having a wonderful time watching my brethren go in." And a recording angel stood and said, "William Brandham." And I never thought I'd have to walk that stairst step. So then I was scared. I thought, "Oh my, would I have to do that?" So you can tell it's a dream, right? Because there's fear. It wasn't actual translation. It was a dream, right? And everybody pat Now look. So I went down there and everybody pat me on the back saying, "Hi, brother Bam. God bless you, brother Bam. Pat me as I go along through a big crowd of people. All them reaching over, God bless you, brother. God bless you." It's like a It's like a big awards ceremony. You see that, you know, they did it last night for the football. while they gave out all their awards and everybody's clapping and standing. That is just a perversion of what's going to happen at the great white I'm sorry at the judgment seat of Christ. Amen. Just a a perversion where they all say, "God bless you, sister and so and so. You made it, brother so and so. God bless you." Say, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my." And I was going I was saying, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." Like coming out of a meeting or something, you know, and I was going to have to walk some of these great big ivory steps. And I started walking up through there and just as I made it through the first step, I thought and I looked at his face, Christ face. I thought, I want to get get a good look at him this way. And I stopped and I had my hands like this. I felt something slipping my arm there. It was somebody else's arm. I looked around and there stood hope. Those big black eyes and that dark hair hanging down her back, white robe on looking up at me like that. And I said, "Hope." I felt something hit this arm. Looked around and there was me. the dark eyes looking up and the black hair hanging down and a white robe on. I said, "Mita." And they looked at me and they looked at one another, you know, and I got them in my arms and here we went. Home. Home. Is that your home, church? Where the mountains and the hills and the gates of heaven, that's my home. Hallelujah. This ain't my home. I'm going home. Hallelujah. And then our home will come down to be a part of this home. Hallelujah. And I woke up and I got up and I sat down a chair and cried. You know, I thought, "Oh, God, I hope that comes like that." Both associated with me in life and bringing up children, things like that. And here we are walking into the new world. Oh my, where perfection everything. Why? It's going to be a wonderful thing. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. By the grace of God, do all you can do and then it'll be up to God to take care of the rest. Look at that wisdom. Do all you can do. Work with all your love for Jesus and God will take care of the rest. Oh, glory. Let's go to Revelation 7 since you were already there last time. Revelation 7 verse 9. This is a picture of the gentile um church before the throne of God. And I want you to see what I don't know if we're going to do this before we enter in, probably after. But at some point, we're going to be doing this or perhaps this is going on now. I'm not sure. But one thing I know in verse 7, I'm sorry, in verse 15, go to Revelation 7:15. I don't have the slides for this one, so sorry. I'm just going to leave that up there because I like that quote. I like that. Therefore, now here's the Gentile people. Therefore, are they before the throne of God and serve him day and night in his temple, and he that siteth among them, I'm sorry, on the throne shall dwell among them. Now, let's go back to verse 9. So, let's see. So, let me place this here. We can know when this takes place. This is not the future home because in the future home there's no day or night anymore. Are you with me church? Hallelujah. So we're either getting a picture of the sixth dimension with this or this is right after some time in the marriage supper of the lamb. Oh glory. But this is not the future home. This is not when the see when the city comes down because there's no day or night in there because there's no more sun. Christ is the light thereof. Amen. He's the light. Look at verse nine. And this is after the sealing of the 144,000. So I imagine this would be during the marriage supper of the lamb. And after this I beheld low a great multitude which no man could number of all nations. That can't be Jews. That has to be Gentiles and kindreds and peoples and tongues. And stood before the throne. Oh. Before the lamb clothed with white robes and palms in their hands. So see all those palms that were there when Jesus uh came into Jerusalem. We've got perfected palms up in heaven. Amen. We're still praising that glorious lamb with palms. And now look, what else did these Gentiles do? Verse 10, they cried with a loud voice, saying, "Salvation to our God, which siteth upon the throne and unto the Lamb." And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders, and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worship God. What a picture. Amen. They the God is so holy. Jesus is so wonderful. They can't even face him. They got to fall down on their faces and worship God, saying, "Amen. Blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and might be unto our God forever and ever. Amen." And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, "What are these that are raided in white robes? And whence came they?" And I said unto him, "Sir, thou knowest?" And he said to me, "These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the lamb." Now, this is not the the great tribulation. This is just the tribulation that saints go through. Every nation, there's every nation, there Gentiles in every nation, and every every believer goes through great persecution. Can you say amen to that? Your persecution might not be physical yet, but you do go through persecution. Absolutely. Praise God. Demons try to discourage you, family members, uh workers, everybody around you trying to persecute you to, uh discourage you. And you got to stand there like the Rock of Ages. You got to be faithful. Amen. persevere. And then ver verse 15, they stand before his throne, serve him day and night in his temple. And he that sitth on the throne shall dwell among them. They shall hunger no more, neither thirst anymore, neither shall this the sun light on them, nor any heat. For the lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and he shall lead them unto living fountains of waters, and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. How many like that? By God's grace. Hallelujah. Now, this is what we just saw. The gentile ministry before the heavenly throne. Now, like I said, I don't know if that's happening right now. Uh I don't know if it's happening after the marriage supper of the or in the marriage supper of the lamb. It seems like marriage supper of the lamb because it says after this after the 144,000 are sealed. It seems like that's something going on uh after the or sometime during the marriage supper of the lamb. Now, I want you to see this. What happens at God's throne is different than what we think. Let's go to Revelation 19. I kind of preached on this, you know, back in Napoleon, but I'm using a different text for this one. Look at Revelation 19 verse one. And this is quite sobering, but I want you to try to understand this here that God's throne, everything at God's throne is just perfect. They don't have human feelings. They have divine feelings. But look at this thought. Verse one. And after these things, I heard a great voice to much people in heaven, saying, Allelujah, salvation and glory, and honor and power unto the Lord our God. For true and righteous are his judgments. For he hath judged the great which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand. Did you catch that? I want to just kind of sober us up and get us to understand this. when Russia drops the bomb on Vatican which brother Babam said was thus sayith the Lord right the is judged and in heaven at that time can you ma on earth can you imagine the screaming going on and all the all the people wailing and all the awful things happening there at the very time that's happening heaven is saying hallelujah praise our God can you look at can you imagine think about that that world is so far beyond our feelings and our thoughts are you with And the Bible said that that they all shout this. They all say this. Allelujah. And look at verse three. And again they said allelujah. And her smoke rose up forever and ever. Heaven is saying praise our God. Praise our God. Praise our God. And on the earth the tribulation, all this awful things are happening. So it shows us that we need to have the mind of God. Amen. We must have the mind of God. We must be mindful of what's going on in heaven even right now. If things look awful down here, that don't mean heaven's not having revival. Amen. If people are getting saved, angels are rejoicing. Amen. If people are getting filled with the Holy Ghost, angels are playing harps. Remember that. That's in the scripture. When people get the Holy Ghost, angels play harps. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, even though a world might look like it's in chaos, all chaos is broken loose, if people are getting saved or anywhere around the world, heaven is having a worship ceremony. Amen. And then sometimes we get discouraged and get down and don't even realize heaven's rejoicing. Oh God, help us to have the mindset of heaven. Are you with me? Let's go there. Revelation uh 14, I believe it is. Yeah. Revelation 14. Yes, sir. This is what I ended the sermon on in the point. I was just jumping around. I was ah this this thought is a beautiful thought. Oh, now here's 144,000 getting sealed. I love this word. And I looked and lo, a lamb stood on the Mount Zion. So I'm taking you to the after the tribulation period. Christ is standing on Mount Zion in Jerusalem with 144,000 around him and with him 144,000 having his father's name written in their foreheads. What's that? The baptism of the Holy Ghost. Right there. That's in Revelation chapter 7. They're all baptized with the Holy Ghost. Christ is standing with his church born that the Bible said there'd be a nation born in a day. Oh, hallelujah. And there he is standing with this new nation. They're all filled with the Holy Ghost. And I heard a voice from heaven as a sound of many waters. So it's a loud noise. Right after they get the Holy Ghost, there's a loud noise in heaven. Hallelujah. As a voice of a great thunder. So John's hearing what's going on in heaven while they're rejoicing and praising the lamb on earth. And it's like thunder, brother. It's like loud voices, church. It's like waters in heaven. All the rejoicing, all the worship service going on in heaven. And amen. Oh, hallelujah. Verse two. And I heard a voice from heaven as a voice of many waters. And the I read that verse Yeah. finishing verse two. And I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps. Remember this is after the tribulation period. This is after the seven vows. This is after the seven trumpets. This is after all these judgments have gone forth. The 144,000 are sealed. And man, you most of the world's, you know, sad and all the destruction, all these things like that. And yet 144,000 just got the Holy Ghost and heaven breaks out the instruments and it's time to worship God. It's time to give God glory. 144,000 people were sealed with the Holy Ghost. Love this. And they sung as it were a new song before the throne and before the four beasts and the elders. And no man could learn that song but the 144,000 and which were redeemed from the earth. Now look at verse four. is beautiful. Now, I'm sorry. Go to verse five. And their mouth was found no guile, for they are without fault before the throne of God. That to me was the most important scripture. Yes, heaven's having a worship service. Yes, the angels are rejoicing. Yes, the harps are harping up in heaven, destruction on earth, but there's one little revival going on on Mount Zion. And all heaven's breaking out the instruments, praising the Lord. And because they got the Holy Ghost, brother and sister, they have no fault before the throne of God. How many want to be filled with the Holy Ghost or believe they're filled with the Holy Ghost? If you are, if you have that, or if you're going to get it, you have no faults before the throne of God. Amen. No one, no demon can lay any fault to anybody who's got the mark of the Father in their foreheads, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Like that by God's grace. Oh my, that's striking to me. See, this is how heaven's throne reacts to the judgment of the great And then that was in 19, now 14. That's how heaven reacts. When the people get the Holy Ghost, the harpers start harping. Angels start rejoicing. We start, we rejoicing. And it's all God's children coming back to the redeemed condition. Oh my. That's exactly right. Hallelujah. Now, let's look at this here. I want to bring this down to close. I want to do two things. two thoughts here and then I want to close with a talent thought. Christ remains in ministry serving even now because I'm going to close with how you're faithful servant. How many know brother was a servant? How many know he left his family to be a servant? Sometimes I got to leave my family. Last night I had to leave my family to go serve and it's hard. It's hard on my wife sometimes. Brother, brother brother Bram would leave for weeks, months and uh in 60 in the question answer 64 you can hear brother it caused a little tension in the family. Brother Brandham said he tried to sit down and talk with his wife and say I love you and she said no you don't see we're all human aren't we because he's gone so long and brother Bam said he'd come back and uh he said then he want to go out and get away from her. That's exactly that's what you can listen to that on the tapes. He says I love you ma'am. She said no you don't. See, she's going through some some trials. Any ministry for God will call you to sacrifice. Sometimes if it's a real ministry for God, you have to sacrifice. But see, in our service, we must always remember that Christ is serving us at the same time. We're not the only one servant. He's serving us. Now, the Bible said this in Hebrews 12:2, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God." Here's his heavenly ministry. And notice right now, he's on the father's throne. When he gets on earth, he's on his throne. Praise God. To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne. That's speaking of either the millennium or the future home. Even also as I overcame and am set down with my father in his throne. Heaven is the father's throne. Earth is the son's throne. It's exactly right. Now look what the Bible said. Did you know Hannah said this? Look what Hannah said. Hannah said, "The Lord maketh poor and maketh rich. He bringeth low and liftth up. He raised up the poor of the dust and lifted up the beggar from the dung hill to set them among princes and to make them inherit the throne of glory. Glory. He takes the lowest of the low. They sat on dung hills. What kind of hills did you sit on? He takes the lowest of the lows and raise them up. And they get to sit on the throne of glory. They get to sit with Christ in his throne. That's a God I want to serve. Amen. Who can take the lowest of the low and raise him to the highest of the high. Amen. For the pillars of the earth are the lords, and he has set the world upon them. He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness. For by strength shall no man prevail. See their own human strength. Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. That's how we overcome every time. So Jesus is sitting on the father's throne right now. And the Bible said this, we have such a high priest who's on the right hand of the throne. Majesty, a minister of the sanctuary. So right now, Christ is in a sanctuary where he's ministering. That means he's serving. Doesn't doesn't minister mean servant? He's serving in the sanctuary of heaven and of the true tabernacle which the Lord pitched and not man. Oh, hallelujah. Remember, he's we we're supposed to serve, but remember, he's really the one serving us. You like that? the minister of the true tabernacle, the true sanctuary. Hallelujah. This I'll tell you, church, this just encourages me because I come and I try to serve and I try to serve every week and things like that, but really he's the one serving me. I just got a little small little talent. I got one little talent, which is $52,000 if you if you want to know that. We'll get to that a little bit. That's all it is. I just got one talent and I've just got to be faithful and invest in that talent and I've got to double it to receive a full reward. I got to give everything I can to this investment that he gave me. I got to put all my time, all my focus, all my energy into and bring forth one more talent. I get a full reward. Amen. Hebrews 8, go down to verse six. But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry. This is a be better than ministry of Aaron. by how much also he is the mediator. So he's in the ministry of mediation. He's in the ministry of going between two groups or two individuals, the father and us. Amen. He ministers between both of us of a better covenant which established upon better promises. Hallelujah. Hebrews 7. But this man, because he continuth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood. Wherefore he is able to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, by Christ, seeing he ever liveth to maketh intercession for them. Hallelujah. He lives to make intercession for your prayers, for my prayers. He lives. That's what he's doing. He's ministering in uh mediation. Hallelujah. He's a servant of a mediation. We pray. The Bible said we pray to the high priest and the Bible said he makes intercession to the eternal spirit for us. Hallelujah. Is this the will of the father? Father, is this your will? Father, is it your will to heal brother Adam or is it your will to heal brother Jesse or save who so and so? Is it your will? He lives to make intercession for our prayers. Amen. Hallelujah. So I want to just establish that. And then we have a ministry to the heavenly throne. Now the we know the scripture the word of God is quick powerful but look at verse 13. All things are naked and open under the eyes of him with whom we have to do. So from heaven's throne he sees everything as it really is. There's really no pretenders when God's looking down. People can pretend to come to church or pretend whatever, but the word of God cuts through and it leaves everything exposed to what it actually is. Seeing then that we have a great high priest that has passed into the heavens. Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession. Keep quoting the word. Keep standing on the promise. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities but was all points tempted like as we are yet without sin. So see he was made to be touched. He's there to be touched. Our ministry is touching the high priest. Hallelujah. And you touch him through prayer. You touch him through faith. We must touch him all the time. Hallelujah. Let us therefore come boldly, not meek or or not weakly or not doubt doubtedly but boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. Don't you love that? By God's grace. So our ministry is to come boldly before that throne where he lives to serve us and to touch his heart, to touch his will, to touch him. Hallelujah. That's what we're supposed to do. Hallelujah. Is touch the grace of God. Touch the Holy Spirit. Amen. Look what the Bible said. He said, "Don't be carried away with diverse and strange doctrines. For it's a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with meats." Speaking of Aaron and the Jews, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein. We have an altar, don't we? We have an altar. That's why there's got to be a lamb there. Wherefore, they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle. for the see you see they don't have a right the Jews don't have a right to go there because they don't believe in the sacrifice but we have a right to go there we can go to the tabernacle the true tabernacle we can approach the true high priest amen and we can touch him with our prayers oh glory look at verse uh but I'll skip past that I just want to bring out that we have an altar the Jews have no right to approach to this altar but we have a right to go there because we believe in the blood of Jesus Christ. All right. Now, here's what the Bible said. By him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name. So, all heaven, uh, Jesus is up there waiting for us to give thanks. He's waiting for us to profess the right profession. He's waiting for us to say the right thing. How many want to say the right thing? That's how you touch him. We saw that with Jacob this morning. He kept quoting God's promise. I'm not worthy, but deliver me. He was touching heaven and heaven touched him. There it is. Glory. If you touch heaven, heaven will touch you, too. Amen. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Now, let me see how many I got left on here. I had a few more. Okay. And I already read over those. Okay. My plan was to get to those. Okay. Malachi, you can switch it off. I'm gonna turn it back to the I'm gonna Is that Switch back? I'm going to um pull up some other quotes. I'm going to finish with this. Let's go to Matthew 25. Yeah, there's my another notes. I didn't have time to put those on slides. There's only so many hours in the day. I try to labor and I come here every morning on Saturday and pray and fast and try to get in the spirit. There just ain't enough time in the day. I got one good one though, but by God's grace. Matthew 25:14. Let's go there. We'll close with this one. Rewards for the faithful. Rewards for the faithful. 25:14. [Music] [Music] Now, I just want to bring a thought out of this that uh I believe I had by God's grace. Believe it's from the Lord. Matthew 25:14. For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country who hath called his own servants and delivered unto them his goods. This is of course like of Christ going to heaven traveling away physically. And unto one he gave five talents to another two and to another one. To every man according to his several ability and straightway took his journey. So God gave everybody exactly what he knew they could do. What they could handle. Praise God. God's not going to give you something you can't handle. Now, let me show this here. I went on and I went to an inflation calculator, okay, for England. Um, I was reading Matthew Henry the commentary trying to figure out how much money would this be. Now, Matthew Henry was in the 1700s and he said he read uh did some calculations and said that one talent of silver for the Jews was equal to 353 pounds and 11 shillings. Uh, and now the earliest calculation or in uh uh the earliest calculation I could do was 1901. So there might have been some more inflation from 1700 to 1900. But the closest I could get to doing the inflation uh 353 pounds for the the people in England because Matthew Henry is from England was would be equal to 53,173 thou or $173. So about $55,000. So this is the illustration Jesus gives. The first person has about $53,000 and you go invest that $53,000 and double it. Right now he knows what he does. We know what he does. He goes into the earth and he's scared. Well, I won't be able to bring a profit. I won't be able to do anything with this. I'm scared I'm going to I'm scared I'm going to fail. We can't be scared of failing. We have to know if God gave me something and he gave me the ability to uh invest it the right way. Don't bury your gift in the church, don't bury your love for God or your desire to win souls. Don't bury that in the earth. Invest in it. Hallelujah. Invest in it. Don't bury it. Don't bury it in the flesh. Right? Don't let that desire be buried in your flesh. bring it out and use it. Hallelujah. Be a businessman or woman. Christian businessman or woman. So if that person would have been faithful with the one talent, that's why I believe I'm a one town preacher. I like I think that's good for me because if anybody was five talent, it'd be brother Brandham. And the church said the highest calling in the Bible is what? A missionary, an apostle. So the highest reward would be for the five talent person. two talents was equal to about $100,000, right? Because 53 plus 53, you know, 106. I just leveled it off to 100,000. So God Christ expected the one who had 100,000 to give him $200,000 when he got back. Five talents is $266,000. And if you double that, you got half a million. 532,000. Does that give you a picture there? So Jesus gives us a picture of what the kingdom of heaven is like. It's like 53,000 for me. It's like for other people it might be 100,000 or quarter of a million. And Jesus said, "Go invest that. Be faithful with that. Don't bury it in the earth. Don't be scared about his judgments. Take God at his word. Invest in your gift. Give pour everything you can into that and Christ will bless you." We don't want to be the unprofitable servant because what? He lost all his reward. Praise God. What we say? The Bible said, "Be careful you don't lose your reward. Be careful you don't lose your crown." And what kept him back? Fear kept him back. Fear kept him back. He was scared about the judge and oh, I know he's an auster man. I know he's really strict with his money and everything. Of course, every really every every wise man is. Every every rich man is. He's got to be diligent with his finances. He's got to be diligent with his kingdom. And he wants you to do something with the talents that he gave you. So I look at example of this like brother Brandham. Brother Brandham had five talents. He had so many gifts. He could he could do all the five-fold ministry, right? That's a good one right there. Five tales, fivefold ministry. He had all five gifts. That's a good thought. I never thought about that. Wow. And he went and used that and went around the world seven times and he said, "I've already got a million souls of Christ. I want to give a million more." Amen. Praise God. I thought that's a beautiful thought. So the apostle would have to be the five talent because they make new converts. They spread the faith. They go after the lost sheep. They leave their homes and families in order to win souls for Christ. That would have to be the greatest talent you could have, the greatest ability you could have to go win souls for the kingdom of God. Amen. What What And remember what what did Danny Henry say? Remember that? Let's read that. Danny Henry, remember there was three uh people that that interpreted the the the the tongues of Danny Henry, the unknown tongues. One was a French interpreter, one was a UN uh different things like that, and one was just a woman that spoke French. And here's what it said. Thou has walked of thy own choosing, thou has picked the correct and precise decision, and this is my way with a capital M. This is God's way. Because of this momentous decision, a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. Now, which one of these is a huge portion? My it has to be the five talent, right? He said, "Because thou has chosen the narrow path, the harder way, thou has not walked according to God's choosing." How many could raise your hand and say, "I've chosen the harder way. I could have had an easier life. I could have had an easier thing, but I've chosen God's way. It's harder." I've chose the harder path. Well, guess what? He'll say, "Well done." Brother Brandon failed. Even though he chose the harder way, he failed every now and then. God would forgive him. But he kept persevering. He stayed faithful to the calling in his life. What a glorious decision thou hast made. This in in that this is that which will give and make come to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. What victory was that? That was the victory of every Holy Ghostfilled saint that was one of his converts up there in the sixth dimension that came running to him saying, "My precious brother, my precious brother." He said, "Are all these Brandhams?" No, they're your converts to Christ. Amen. Glory. The tremendous victory because he preached the love of Christ. They received the love of Christ and that brought victory over sin. That brought victory over the world, Satan, and hell and temptation. And it was a tremendous victory in divine love. Amen. Hallelujah. I love that. I thought of another person who lost their reward. Two others. King Saul lost his reward. Remember in 1 Samuel, Samuel said, "Because you've done this," he said, "you've lost all the kingdom." He said, 'If you'd have been faithful, the kingdom of Israel would have been yours forever. He lost his reward. But was he saved? He was absolutely saved. The fires of the test of his life made manifest his reward and it was very, very small. It was so small in fact that after he died, remember they had famine for three years because of all his sins. The people suffered for three years because of Saul's sins. See the fire, the trials will manifest what kind of work the person did. Help us to come through the trials with uh with with shining colors. Amen. Glory to come through each trial. Keep praising God. Keep the high the the profession of the high of the most high. Amen. Remember God told Jerobam after uh let's read that. Let's go to let's go let's go there. Uh, first Kings 11. Yeah. First Kings 11. Go to verse 31. 1 Kings 11:31. Hope you're enjoying the word of God tonight. Praise the Lord. Verse 31. And he said to Jerham, "Take thee 10 pieces, for thus sayith the Lord, the God of Israel, behold, I'll rent the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give 10 tribes to thee." Because Solomon built all those idols to his strange wives of their gods. God rips the kingdom out of his hand. So Solomon lost part of I don't know how much of his reward he lost, but he lost that kingdom. He lost 10 tribes. Of course, he, you know, he kept them until he died. But you see, it would have went to his uh his heritage after him. But God takes the kingdom from Solomon. Now look, let's go down to verse another verse here. Verse 37. And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul desires, and shall be king over Israel. And it shall be if thou wil hearken unto all that I command thee, and will walk in my ways, and do that which is right in my sight, and to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did, that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee. And I will for this afflict the seed of David, but not forever. Solomon sought therefore to kill Jerobom. Look at that. Solomon, the wisest man that ever was, now he's got a murdering spirit on him. Can you see that? Look what sin will do. It will cause somebody who had the greatest wisdom now to have a murderous spirit on them, seeking to kill Jerobom because God gave Jerobom the kingdoms. He ran him out of Solomon's hand, came to him. And Jerobom arose and fled into Egypt. and Shashak, king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon. All right, that's the other one. Okay, let me close with a few quotes here. Let's take a deep breath. Can we give you just a little bit a little bit more time here? Let me finish with this here. 1951 testimony, Los Angeles. Brother Bram's telling them how sad he is to leave them. He said, 'I dread leaving these people.' He's out in Los Angeles. He's praying. He said, "And Lord, you said I drink I will drink more the fruit of the vine till I eat and drink a new with you in my father's kingdom." When we come there to that great wedding supper and we look across the table one another, oh God, just a slip, a little handshake over there while the tears of joy rolls down our cheeks. She said, "We were reaching across the table, shaking hands at the marriage supper and tears of joy. The king will come out in his beauty and wipe all the tears from our eyes and say, "Don't cry. It's all over now. There'll be no more healing campaigns up there. No more tired, restless nights. No more wheelchairs, grave, sickness. Oh, for that great day." And then you'll say, "Enter into the joys of the Lord. Oh, how I long to hear that at that day, Father." And now, while we're here together and all of us longing the same thing, make us true stewards, may we shape our lives by self-control, which is temperance, that we'll know by the help of the Holy Spirit. Listen, to have full confidence that Jesus will say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant at that day." That was powerful. I'm going to read that again. May we shape our lives by self-control. So not giving into our fleshly lust, right? Crucifying the lust of the flesh. If we shape our lives by crucifying our flesh, he said we'll know by the help of the Holy Spirit to have full confidence that Jesus will say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." How many want confidence in that? Let's stand to our feet. Brother Bam says, "If we live our lives by self-control, continually crucifying our flesh, we can have a full confidence by the Holy Spirit, knowing that when we go to that place and my there's a and there's that white staircase and the throne and there's a gate and there's mountains behind, we can have full confidence and know that he'll say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant." And notice what did he say? He said, "We're servants. We will be servants." Brother Brham said, "It's hard to always be a servant." How many can say amen to that? Amen. I'm not saying this life's going to be easy. You chose the harder way. And the church age book, Brother Brham, says exactly that. He said, "It is hard to always be a servant." Amen. It's not easy. It's hard to be a servant. But those who spend and are spent for others will one day be seated with him in his throne. It's not easy to serve all the time. Brother Austin looked at me last night. He said, he said, I keep bringing up these stories. He said, "Brother Jesse," he said, "It must be nice to know you got the Holy Ghost." I said, "Brother, I can't prove it to anybody. I just believe it with all my heart." Brother said, "I can't he can't prove it to anybody." I said, "I look at my life now. Look at that." You know, see, we're always got we God always lets us battle. He never gets a gets to this place where we can be complacent. If you could prove to someone you had the Holy Ghost, you might get complacent, right? That's why he keeps you fighting against Jesse Smith or keeps you fighting against Adam Rigo and Jose Lopez. He keeps you fighting against your worst enemy, which is yourself to keep you humble. Amen. I said, I can't prove that. Brother Bam can't prove that. Nobody can prove that in the rapture. Your life will prove it. Amen. Hallelujah. But see how our brother's grown and how he wants to be filled with the Holy Ghost so basically I want to be filled with the Holy Ghost so bad my that's what we should desire church each one of us to live in such a way and that made me humble myself I thought my help me Jesus to live closer to you that that if I'm not you know cuz I can't prove that if I'm not let me get filled if I am let me be humble with it praise God and keep serving faithfully that he could say these words that my life would be a life of self-control that I can I have full confidence that I know Christ will say, "Well done. You took that one talent that I gave you. You took that one talent and it doubled." And he and he said, "Well done, good and faithful servant." If we're not serving others, God, help us to start tonight by God's grace. Our life is a life of service, and it's a hard life. We serve others. We should not be serving ourselves. Brother Bam said, "If a man fears he might not please God, then let him fulfill the word." Amen. If you're fearing, well, I don't know if God's going to say well done or not. I don't know what he's going to say. If you're fearing, he said, "Let a man fulfill the word of God." Let in other words, look at the word of God and if you're not obeying something, make sure you obey it. If a man wonders if he will hear those words, well done, good and faithful servant, let him fulfill the word of God in his life. And assuredly, he will hear those words of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. If you're not, if you're fearful, I don't know if he's going to accept me. I don't know if I'm going to be faithful with my gift or I don't I don't know if I'm going to be faithful with my talent, then just fulfill God's word with all your heart and soul. And he said, "Most assuredly, he'll tell you, well done, thou good and faithful servant." It's hard to be a servant, but if he's if he's a servant, we can be servants, too, with his help. Let's bow our heads here. I'm going to ask Wendy and Malachi and Lydia, can you go fill the tubs there with the hot water? And not too hot, but I just thought I would ask them. I said, "Lord, send me somebody to fill the tubs." And then Wendy walked right in right there. I said, "Thank you, Lord. He's so faithful, so mindful. How many love the Lord tonight? Amen. How many want to be a good and faithful servant? Let me pray for you, church. You pray. Pray for me. [Music] What a what a thought here tonight. Rewards for the faithful. The faithful servants. Heavenly Father, we're gathered here tonight. Lord, we're examining our lives. Lord, we can all agree that Brother Brandham had a huge portion of heaven, the campaigns and the visions and the seven seals and the teaching and the truth and the revelations still going around the world today. We could all agree he's a five- talent minister. Father, you said you'd give everyone according to their ability. He had the ability to do that because you gave him the gift, Lord. But you've given all of us at least one gift, at least one ministry. And Lord, I pray you look upon the people's hand hearts tonight. Lord, I don't know if their hands are up, but if their hearts are up, if their hearts are open, Father, won't you help your people, Lord God, to be faithful? Faithful to their talent that you gave them. May we not fear and say, "Well, I'm I can't do this or cuz I'm scared. I can't do that because any other excuse. It don't have to be fear. It could be any excuse. Lord God, help me, Lord. Lord, help each one of us, Lord God, to look at the talent that Christ gave us, and to put it to you, dear God, as your prophet told the doctor, he was, Brother Ram said, there's a special place in heaven for doctors that faithfully served as doctors. Brother Ram said, "There's a faithful place for farmers who faithfully serve Christ as a farmer." Hallelujah. A place for faithful mothers who faithfully serve and raise their children to know the Lord. There's a place for them. Dear Jesus, Lord, may we tonight, Lord God, be more faithful servants. Dear God, as your prophet send the dream, let us do all we can do with love to labor for you. And Lord, you'll take care of the rest. Thank you for these words we've heard tonight. Thank you for the promises of the scripture. Lord, may no man take my crown in Akran. Lord God, may not let any man, the Bible said, Jesus said, "Take heed and no man take thy crown. Let me faithfully serve through the good times, the hard times. Let me faithfully serve my family and the community copy that I teach in. Let me be a faithful servant that I can have that crown because there'll be there'll be a crown given out for a faithful pastor in Akran, a faithful minister there, Lord, in CPPley. And Lord, I want that. I want to be faithful to what you've given to me. [Music] Help me, Jesus, as we come, Lord, before these symbols, dear God, I pray you'd help us, Lord God, to see what they mean, Lord, and take renewed faith here tonight, Lord God. Bless us as we approach this in Jesus Christ's name. And everybody said, "Amen." Praise God. Let's see. Have own way as they're preparing there. And then once they get back in here, we'll call everybody up here by God's grace. Have thine own way, Lord. Have thine own way. Thou art the potter. I am the clay. [Music] Hold me and make me after thy will. [Music] Let them wait. Yed and still. Let's sing. Pleasing. Pleasing. pleasing. [Music] Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything I do, Lord, be pleasing to you. Praying [Music] that everything [Music] I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. One more time. Oh, please. Let's just worship now. Keep pleasing to you. Let everything I do, Lord, be pleasing [Music] to you. [Music] Pray that everything I pursue be pleasing Lord. [Music] You know I forgot to read that scripture in Matthew 25 after the parable of talents. He said, he said, "Take the talent from him which had the one and give it unto him which hath 10 talents." Look, think about that. The man with the one talent lost his crown. And that crown or ministry was given to another man who had even more business. He was even busier. A man who wasn't as busy with his ministry, but wasn't faithful to it, God took it from him and gave it to somebody who was even busier with that money. And then they'd invest it. My he said, "For unto everyone that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance, but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath." Church, we don't we all say these words, "Oh, I'm so busy." Anybody guilty of saying those words? But we're not too busy to do the work of the Lord. That's why I admire people when when some ministries fail, others will pick up and help along. Or if a pastor leaves a church, some other pastors will come in to help. Don't you appreciate people that do that by God's grace? They see a crown, they see something waiting there and they even though they're busy, even though they've got a full schedule, a full ministry, they are able to pour themselves in and help out. God, help us to find a way we can help out. Amen. Let's come up here for our our prayer here and our our bread and wine by God's grace. If you come up here, let's come up all to the front row. I believe we can all fit up here by the grace of the Lord. And I'm going to read a different text here tonight out of Luke. I just found this text. You know, it's a familiar text to us, but it's a little shorter version, but I like it. I like to uh read that there by God's grace. Let's sing that. We should play that little song. Heal me, O Lord, and I will be healed. You know, the Bible said that communion brings healing. How many know that it brings healing? It's a type of the Passover lamb. Hallelujah. which sustained them for 40 years in the wilderness. My brought out by the power of the lamb. Amen. Let's pray first for the symbols here. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're about to partake of this supper. Lord, the very first one, you were with the disciples and you said you longed with desire. You desired to eat with them. That was the first one. And now my thoughts go, what about to the marriage supper in heaven? If you desire this earthly one, the last one until the great supper, how much more do you desire to sit down with us, Lord God? I imagine after like brother Ram's dream, all of us enter in there up the stairs, Lord God. Those of us who serve you faithfully, maybe we'll shake hands for a little while and then there'll be some heavenly sound that says, "Please be seated." We'll shake each other's hand. We'll reach across the table. I'll shake Brother Vang's hand. It's a pleasure to serve with you in life, Brother Vang. Brother John, each one of us, brother Kevin, all the brothers, it's been a pleasure. It is a pleasure to serve the Lord with you on earth. And then he'll come out. There'll be a great announcement and the Lord Jesus will walk into the supper and he'll say with desire, I've desired to eat this with you. I haven't had communion since I left my disciples on the earth. And Lord, we're at that moment, Lord, you'll wipe away all the tears from our eyes, Lord, of all the hardships and all the trials, the spiritual persecutions we go through, Lord. The tests, the trials. [Music] That's where my thoughts are tonight, Lord God. You've already told us well done. And there we are at the supper and you come forth and feed us bread and wine. Bless these symbols, Lord God. May we think of that. In fact, your prophet said, "May we think to the end of our life, what is our life going to be at the end? What are we preparing to be our testimony at the end of our life right now? Lord, I'm preparing right now by preaching the word, obeying the word, loving the word, worshiping you. At the end of life, I'll be a faithful servant, Lord God, that my investments will bring forth double. Grant it, Jesus, for each and every person. Grant that, Lord, that they'll get double what they invest in the kingdom of God. in Jesus Christ's name. You are the one I praise. Let's sing that. Heal me, oh Lord. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] How many need a little healing touch tonight? Does anybody need a healing touch? Praise the Lord. Then we can have full confidence. Let our profession be this communion will bring healing to my situation. Whether it's spiritual, financial, physical, this will bring healing. Hallelujah. Amen. Luke 22:19. And he took the bread and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave unto them, saying, "This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. Likewise also the cup after supper. This cup is the new testament in my blood which is shed for you." Let's sing that one more time, and I'll pass out the symbols. Just please hold the bread until we've all been served. Praise God. Heal me, O Lord, and I will be healed. Stay. I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be. You are the one I praise. You are my [Music] heal me, oh Lord, that I [Music] save me and I will be [Music] You are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. [Music] There was just enough pieces. I ripped it perfectly and I just thought that's perfect. He has a perfect portion for each one of us. His word. And he took the bread and gave thanks and break it and gave unto them saying, "This is my body which is given for you. This do in remembrance of me. Let us partake together. [Music] [Music] [Music] Luke 22:20. Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, "This cup is a new testament in my blood which is shed for you. This do in remembrance of me." I'll bring this around. Let's partake together here. He's gone. Just [Music] portion of my transgressions. [Music] He was bruised for my [Music] Surely our sorrows and Christ were healing. fight for he was paid as those true stripes were made by the trust. [Music] Suffering affords perfect healing for all. [Music] He was He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised our ending. [Music] Jesus by his stripes we are healed. He has healed my sick soul. He has healed my sick soul. and every will and he'll do the same for you. He's the same yesterday. He's the same as yesterday and today and for this healer of men to he was wounded for our transgressions and he was bruised bright. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Surely he bore our sorrows. And by his stripes, let's see the first verse. On the cross, crucified. On the cross, crucif In great sorrow, he died. In great sorrow, the giver of life was he. The giver of life was he. Yet my Lord was despised and rejected. Yet my Lord was despised and rejected. This Jesus of Calvary. This Jesus of Calvary. Calary. Hallelujah. He was wounded for all transgressions. [Music] He was brought [Music] sorrow. [Music] Heavenly Father, one more prayer Lord before we wash our feet. Lord of one another. Dear God, let us remember our place of service. Let us see the talent you've given to us. Let us see our post of duty. And let us hold fast on that crown. And let no man take our crown. You've called each and every one of us to do something here. Lord, it's so wonderful, Lord, to see what God has calls each person to do. I think of how wonderful to be as you show me and show us all what my children or different children as they grow. It's so amazing to see what you've called them to do. I think back when I was a child and I never would have known I'd be a pastor, a preacher, and Cam and Simon and different ones. Lord, to see the crown that we can we can gain, we can lay a hold of it if we'll just be faithful. Lord, show each one every one of us our crown, our purpose on this earth, dear God, that we can run with perseverance the race that is set before us, laying aside every sin that doth easily beset us, Lord God. That one day you'll say, "Well done, brother so and so, sister so and so. Enter into the joys of the Lord prepared for you from the foundation of the world. Amen. Help us to be humble now as we wash one another's feet. Let's not let this become common. Lord, let it be sincere that if I'm washing a brother's feet, I want to serve him. I want to help him. Anytime he asks me if I can do it, I help him. Our sisters, as they wash feet, if I can help this sister, God, help me to be able to serve her. How can I serve that my sister? I pray that Lord, show us sisters how they can serve each other. Show the brothers how they can serve each other. that we can be servants to one another as we faithfully serve you Lord God in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you church. We have the sisters in here and what make sure we turn up the live stream. Mel, did you turn it off already? Thank you, sir. Appreciate that.
