################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - (4-27-25) Sunday Morning Service - Dennis McBride - Dennis McBride - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   (4-27-25) Sunday Morning Service - Dennis McBride
Speaker: Dennis McBride
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph6Jte7Ztss
========================================

knows the faults of every single person around the world at the same time. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That's mindblowing. Yes, sir. Praise God. You know, but yet it's true. So, that means he's actually he's very mindful and considerate of each individual. Thank you, Jesus. Yes. He knows every circumstance, every situation in everybody's life in detail. Amen. And he cares. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. He wants to do something about it. He wants to help. He wants to encourage. He wants to uplift. He wants to heal. Amen. Yes, Lord. He wants to set free. Hallelujah. Amen. Wow. And he loves us. Yes. I know the devil comes with his chatter. You know, he chatters in our ears and our spirits at times and tries to make us feel like we're the furthest from God. Amen. But that's the furthest from the truth. That's right. That's right. Praise God. Because the kind of love that he has is not conditional. That's right. You understand? is not based upon how good we are because the Bible says that he died for us. It says he commended his love toward us. Meaning it can be clearly seen in the fact that when we were yet sinners, he died for the ungodly. Praise God. Hallelujah. So how much more now that we've turned to him by his grace. Yes. Amen. So don't be discouraged, saints. Be encouraged. Amen. Yes. And may the Lord help us to always be reminded of his love for us. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us bow. Heavenly Father, we thank you for allowing us to be here. We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done in each one of our lives and all that you continue to do and all that you will do. Lord, Father, everything is already set. You're not making plans along the way. Amen. and all provisions are already set, Lord. There's just times and seasons for us to enter into what you already had planned for us, Father. So, Lord, help our hearts to be settled and our minds to become focused. We need you, Lord. Yes, sir. This is your time. We are your people. None of us are able to do anything on our own, Lord. We're looking to you right now. Hallelujah. Have your way. We pray in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We ask all these things and we pray. Let the church say amen. Amen. Praise God. Let's turn in our Bibles if we will to the book of Proverbs, chapter 4. We definitely thank God for Brother Jesse and his wife and his family. It's been they all have been a just a blessing to my heart. Um even even just in memory, you know, when I just remember them and think about them, it just it's an encouragement, you know, to be able to have genuine real people that love God and that love you. Amen. you know, uh it's a blessing and God brings those things into each one of our lives to help us in our hearts. How many realize that true friends come from the Lord? That's true. And you can feel the effects of it. That's right. Praise God. Starting at verse 10, it says, "Hear, oh my son, and receive my sayings, and the years of thy life shall be many." So that's a promise, right? Yes, it's a promise. If we hear his word and pay attention to it, allow it to be a focal point. Verse 11, I have taught thee in the way of wisdom. I have led thee in right paths. When thou goest, thy step shall not be shall not be straightened. And when thou runest, thou shalt not stumble. Gy, he says, take fast hold of instruction. Let her not go. Keep her, for she is thy life. Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men. Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away. So that means steer completely clear. Amen. Of the appearance of evil. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. It says for verse 16, for thy sleep, for they sleep not except they have done mischief, and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall. For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence. But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more until the perfect day. The way of the wicked is as darkness. They know not at what they stumble. My son, and these are my focuses here, saints, attend to my words. Incline thine ear unto my sayings. Let them not depart from thine eyes. Keep them in the midst of thine heart. Yes. For they are life unto those that find them and health to all their flesh. Amen. It says, "Keep thy heart with all diligence." That means you got to work at that. And the reason why is because there's someone there's a whole army of darkness that's constantly trying to penetrate, right? They're trying to take control, right? They're trying to influence. So it says, "Keep thine heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. Put away from thee a forward mouth, forward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee. Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee. Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established. Turn not to the right hand, nor to the left. Remove thy foot from evil. May the Lord bless the reading of his word, saints, you may be seated. And as you're being seated, I'm going to go to another scripture here. Matthew chapter 6. I believe it goes very well with what we just read and it's a very important message within this that's applicable to our everyday lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Matthew 6, I want to start at verse 22. It says, "The light of the body is the what? The eye. If therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness? And it's an exclamation point behind that. And it was very interesting me to me saints in verse 24 that it comes and says this no man can serve two masters. So he talks about what you're looking at right yes and he talks about the effects of what you allow yourself to look at. And in the near the very next verse, he says, "No man can serve two masters." So what you look at is connected to what rules you. Very good. Whether you realize it or not, what you give attention to is connected to the power that you allow to dominate your life. That's good. No man can serve two masters. And notice this now. This is so true. This is so true, saints. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and do what? And despise the other. It says, "Ye cannot serve God and mammon. Naturally amongst most people naturally no one will say I hate God or I despise God. But your actions speak a different language. That's right. As far as what God sees in your actions, in your words, he sees that they hate me. They despise me. And that means that cuz he says you will either hate the one and do what? love the other. Nobody will say that they love Satan, Jesus. My But your actions communicate to Satan that you actually love him. This is just striking to me right now, saints. Yes. How many how many mistakes have we made? How many decisions have we made and not even realizing that this is what is communicating to our Lord? You know, we just kind of and this is how the enemy would have it to be. He would have I'mma call it a moment of weakness to be very lightly esteemed. Oh, it's not that bad, you know. It's just, you know, just a little, you know, just a little something, you know. You just kind of just It ain't that bad. It ain't going to hurt nothing, you know. But it's far worse than that. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So this morning by the grace of God I want to deal with a topic overall of focus. Focus. Now those same verses in Matthew I want to read to you those verses out of the Amplified Bible. Just has a little different wording to it that kind of sometimes helps to capture the meaning of what's being expressed. Same verses starting at verse 22 amplified. It says the eye is the lamp of the body. So if your eye is clear, it says spiritually perceptive. It says your whole body will be full of light, meaning benefiting from the from God's precepts. So now what you read or what you listen to or what you watch, right? Yes. There is a power, a spiritual power that's connected to those things. Yes, sir. So that means when you read something, when you look at something, or when you listen to something, the spirit behind it, the source spirit behind those things, you actually allow those spirits to come in you. That's right. Can we say praise the Lord? My my my I'm not going to rush this morning. This is Listen, this right here determines the level of victory or defeat we walk in daily. Yes. Yes. So, right now, if you feel praise God, right now if you feel as though you're living a defeated life, if you see defeat within your life, meaning you see where the enemy has been able to overcome you, right? Please believe, please understand that you you you gave place to that defeat down some avenue. Amen. This is where you have to be extremely honest with yourself. You understand what I'm saying? This, you know, cuz demons come in and they bring deception and then and demons love to bring a person to a place of deflection, right? They see everything and everybody else as being the problem but themselves. Amen. Amen. Right. But how we live our lives, what our lives begin to be molded into is a direct reflection of what we open up ourselves to. That's why the Bible says the eye of the body, I mean how it says the light of the body is the eye. If therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. What's being single means? What we just read in Proverbs? Focusing on the Lord. Keeping your mind on the things of God. Amen. Amen. On a daily basis, right? There's so much out here to do what, saints? To distract us. And within that distraction, Amen. defeat comes down that channel. So in our individual lives, let us really deeply consider what are we giving ourselves over to. It's not enough just to come to church. That's right. Yes, sir. Can we say praise the Lord, saints? It's not enough to look the part. It's not enough to talk the part. Amen. We want to be right. We want to be Christians. We want God. We want to invite God to come into our lives and take full control and make us into what we ought to be. We don't have to accept anything less than that. The grace of God and the blood of God and the and and and the love of God is so abundant. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't have to to to to uh to entertain or or or to be accepting of any lower level. Don't let your sights be lowered because of maybe the amount of mistakes you've made up until this point. No, it's still for you. It's accessible to each one of us. God made the way that plain and that good for us. And no matter what state in in my ministering what I'm ministering on right now, saints, please don't be discouraged by any means because now is the time of grace. Amen. Seek the Lord while he is yet able to be found. Amen. If we see areas in our lives that are not quite right, Amen. God is able to come in and make it right. But we have to open the door. And once we open the door, we can't close any other door within that door. If we invite God in, Lord, you come and come into any area of my life that that you see fit to help me, Lord, to become better and to be healed in all these needful ways. Amen. Amen. Verse 23 amplified. But if your eye is bad, spiritually blind, your whole body will be full of darkness, devoid of God's precepts. So if the very light inside you, your inner self, your heart, your conscience is darkness, how great and terrible is that darkness. No man can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon, money, possessions, fame, status, and whatever is valued more than the Lord. Hallelujah. So, let's just think to ourselves for a moment on a daily basis, what is it that we give our most time to? Yes, sir. How often do we I'm going say really get into the word of God. Yes, sir. Do we set aside time for that? Everybody say they so busy, you know, but if you really want to do something, you will make time for it. Amen. And when it comes to God, you know, God wants quality time. He don't want just a rushed moment. You think about a husband and a wife, right? the husband or the wife may have a desire to spend time or talk with their significant other and whatever, you know, and and and and and and what if when that time comes the one or the other, it just seems like they're trying to hurry up and get it get it through. Hurry up and get it done, right? You know, they keep you know, man, it's it's it's been 15 minutes now. You know, you about done. You got anything else you want to say? How would that make you feel? Huh? Then when it comes to God, people want a time. I understand we got to live life and whatever, but what's more important? There's some things that he want to, you know, there's things that God want to show us. But God can see where we are in our spirits. He sees where our hearts are. You understand? man. He He He wants us to want to be with him. And then and and when we get into his presence, Amen. He don't want us to even consider time. He's mindful of us. If some if there's something important enough to do, God, he he wants us to take care of it. But when it comes to his time, he wants ample time. He He wants to be the caller of when it ends. So as we sit down to read his word, how quality of a time is that? And as I say these things, listen, our lives tell the story. Because if your eye is single and the things that you'll be holding, listening to, or watching are all coming from God, it's going to reflect in our lives. We'll become more and more in his image. Can we say praise the Lord? Praise God. Hallelujah. But on the other hand, if we're giving more time to other things, they don't necessarily have to be sin sinful things, just things that make you idle in your spirit and in your progression. That's right. That brings me to a certain point here. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 7 starting at verse 35. 1 Corinthians 7 starting at verse 35. It says, "In this I speak for your own profit, not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is calmly, and that ye may do what?" Attend upon the Lord without distraction. Now, this is this is not just merely a man named Paul expressing this. This is God expressing his desire through his servant. Something that he he saw was needful not just for the group at this time that's going to that were that that were recipients of this message to hear but for those that was coming beyond that point for thousands of years. Right? This is a very important message. God wants us to be able to give him attention without distraction. He wants our focus to remain on him daily in the way that he desires for it to be. The prophet comes here in the message of of of the oneness of unity. He says empty is idleness. He says that's what's the matter with the converts today. As soon as you get converted, you start idling around. He says, "You ought to be over there on your knees seeking God for for um for for the baptism of the Holy Ghost to be filled up." He says, "Then you've got a wall." He says, "His blessing presence with you." And when the enemy comes in like the lion in the den that night with Daniel, the light of God shines out and he gets away from you. He says, "If the good man of the house hasn't gotten it garrisoned," praise the Lord. He says, "So idling around is not a good thing. Make good use of your time." Amen. In the morning time, I I know we're witnesses of that. When you allow God to be the leading factor in your day, isn't it a difference? Yes. Hallelujah. It's not that life doesn't happen. It's not like it's it's not that unfortunate things don't occur or whatever, but when we allow God to be the leading factor into our days, it just helps our response, our reactions, our thought processes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. To be more spiritual and less carnal. Hallelujah. Can we say praise the Lord? When you when you give God that place in your life, listen now, as we read God's word and spend time in prayer, there is an influence. Amen. His spirit, it actually is able to increase inside of our lives. And I remember an instance where brother Brandham's wife was sitting next to I believe an Amish woman or a Midianite woman or what's the right word? Menite. Menite. Praise God. She was sitting next to her sister, right? And not a word was exchanged, I don't believe. But yet, yet yet there was a presence that was there to the point that it so affected sister Brandham. She made a comment to brother Brandham and says that sister, you can tell that she was in the presence of the Lord. Hallelujah. He talked about she talked about how her eyes were clear. There was no hidden sin behind there. Amen. There was a sweet presence. Hallelujah. Amen. That was just it it created an atmosphere. Saints, how many realize that when you allow God to have first place in your life, it creates an atmosphere that can be felt and picked up on by other people. That's not the focal point. But at the same time, that's what happens. But on the other hand, if you haven't been in the presence of the Lord, but in the presence of a demon spirit, those things also. That's right, brother. That's right. Hallelujah. I want to be careful in how I say this. One characteristic of evil spirits, and you can see it in the animal kingdom as well, they like to try to isolate their prey. If they're in a pack or in a group, they like to try to somehow catch them at a point where they're more by themselves. It tries to kind of allure them in that way or lead them in that way. Right? And one characteristic that I find of evil spirits, they always try to cause the person that they overcome to isolate themselves, to want to get away from the saints, get away from the right influences. Yes, sir. But be but but it comes in such a reasoning way until it like it almost justifies it. you know, by whatever perspective that is able to kind of embed in that person's spirit, it makes them feel like it's better for them to be away from people. Oh my. Not knowing that's the very trap of the enemy. Amen. Because God is in his body. I wanted to deal with something on this morning. I didn't have a chance to. Amen. But God is literally Oh my. God is literally here in the flesh. People are looking for Christ to come, but he's already here. He's in bride form. People say, "If I was living in the days of the Bible or whatever, you know, I would be wherever Christ was. I would go and listen to him or whatever. My response and my reactions would be this, that, and the other." And you have that opportunity right now. Hallelujah. And don't even realize it. Hallelujah. He's veiled right among us right now in this room. Amen. You know where the blessing comes in at, saints, is when God enables you to be able to recognize his presence. Hallelujah. Amen. We're living in the days of the Bible right now. You know how many people walked past Jesus when he was on earth and didn't even they didn't feel nothing. He was just just walked right past walked right past them. Maybe spoke to them. Didn't feel nothing. Didn't pick up on nothing. But those that were blessed. Amen. Those that were enabled by God to be able to see beyond the flesh of a man. They were able to see God. And then when you're able to see him, you're able to draw benefits. Hallelujah. It's the bride coming of Christ. Amen. He's increasing his presence within his people. You understand what I'm saying, right? Listen. I mean, I It's so striking to me. The bride is coming to the place to where she realized who she is. But it's so simple and it's so humble and many are walking right past it and missing it. Still looking for something to come. Glory to God. And it's right here, right now. But if your eye is not single, Amen. Amen. If the influence of God is minimal in your life, Amen. then just like the Bible says, when your eyes evil, that means you're focusing in on other stuff. Things that are not profiting you, things that are keeping you idle, things that don't don't don't don't um contribute to your progression in the things of God, in your journey with God as being a child of God. Amen. Is hindrances. Amen. our phones and and the media, you know, uh uh forms forms of media and stuff we have, they they can be used by the enemy to be hindrances. That's right. Amen. My my my. It says in 2 Timothy chapter 2 verse4 it says no man that warth it says entangleth himself with the affairs of this life. Why? It says that he may please him who have chosen him to be a soldier. You have to be in this life. you have to deal with business and things of that nature. And I want to I want to make sure this is clear. We are not we're not capable on our own to come to these places of real decisions on our own to make the best decision that need to be made on our own. We need influence. We need guidance. Amen. Amen. Too many people trust too much in themselves. Amen. You know how sometimes, you know, you know, you know, somebody want to make a certain decision or whatever, right? And and and and you you ask him, "Did you pray about it?" Oh, yeah. I prayed about it. But if you were able to be a fly on the wall somehow, huh, and be able to watch that person's daily routine. Amen. I wonder how much of a different story will that make or tell versus what the individual is proclaiming. Have you prayed about that? Oh yeah, I prayed about it. Knowing knowing that we're not going to question that. You say you prayed about it. Okay, you prayed about it. But you know how much time you put into it and for the decisions that you need to make. Amen. How much didn't God say? He says, "Now trust in the Lord with all thine heart." and lean not to what? So, let's just pause on that that little phrase right there, your own understanding. What does that mean? Praise God. Yes. If he's saying, "Trust in him with all your heart and lean not to your own understanding," that means that there is something that's controlling your thoughts. And if you're not where you need to be, you won't realize that something is controlling your thoughts. You will think it, we've been talking about this, you will think it's just you. How many people think that the thoughts that come in their mind are just their thoughts? Think about this for a moment. When Jesus had fasted and afterward was tempted by the devil, was the devil there in a physical form? Huh? Was he there in a physical form talking to Jesus? He's a spirit, right? So he was talking to Jesus in the spirit realm and Jesus was hearing him in the spirit realm. Can we say praise the Lord? When God talks to us, do you see do you see a physical person standing in front of you? But yet it's thoughts. Glory to God. Coming from a person. Can we say praise the Lord? And many people are ignorant to that fact and they have demons talking to them and don't even realize it. Lord have mercy. My my my I have something here I want to share with you. Brother Brandham says in the message of the contest, he says, you know, and many say today that there is no such thing as the devil. He says they believe that it's just simply a thought. He says they believe that. And there's people that believe that the Holy Spirit is a good thought and the devil is a bad thought. It says, "But if you notice when the Bible speaks of the Holy Spirit, it says he said when he, the Holy Spirit has come and he is a personal pronoun." See, so he is a person and the devil is a person and demons are persons. Yes, they are demons and they come in many ways. So you can have a demon. Now I don't want to. We all are aware of this already. Demons are in this room right now. And there and listen now. They're talking to people. What's the purpose? To try to distract you away from the word of God. But there are angels here, too. Can we say praise the Lord? God is here in this room right now. beyond our natural sight, but yet they're here and they are actual persons. You mind if I share your testimony, brother? We were fellowshipping with brother Chris on yesterday and and as he was sharing this I mean it was very evident he has a loved one that's been receiving or has had been receiving visitations from demons and it got to a point to where they can actually I mean they could actually see them. Now, let's put it back on the message just so you can follow me clear. Was not the prophet able to see demons? All right, let's take it a little deeper so you don't think brother McBride crazy. When Nelly Sanders Oh my. When Nelly Sanders stopped for a moment to listen to worldly music that she used to be connected with when she stopped to do it. What happened? Listen. What came out of her at brother Brandham's place came in her when she stopped for a moment. Yes, sir. Yes. And once it came in her when she stopped on that road where that club was that they start playing her favorite song, huh? It began to reason with her mind and make her feel as though you can go up there and witness to the people in the club. And when listen now, when she stopped for a moment, that demon that that same demon that Brother Brandham said looked like what? A bat, huh? That thing came inside of her and it was the one, Amen. persuading her to go up into the club to witness. Amen. But hey, listen now, she was on the devil's ground. Amen. And what happened? There wasn't a w There ain't a scripture was said. You know what happened? She started dancing on the dance floor. Huh? But because she was a daughter of God and destined to be able to be an overcomer, the Lord didn't let her remain in that state. But he came to her in her moment of weakness and failure and and brought her back to her right mind and caused her to run out of there. And then when she got to brother Brandon, now all of a sudden he prayed for her. The door start opening and closing by itself. Demonic demonstration, right? And what happened saints? The bat the batlike figure came out and the man that was under the influence of alcohol was able to see it. Our brother's loved one was able to see this demon that was in her house and it called his name Mary and it would try to call it would try to persuade her to do things cuz she used to drink and whenever she whenever it was able listen now when it was when it was able to cause her to drink then it would try to get her to do things under the influence influence of the alcohol, pick up babies, go and drive a car. It was telling her to do these things. Come on, somebody. How many how how many deaths caused by DUI have we heard about? Huh? Do you know it was demons that was talking to those individuals? Huh? But how was it able to get to that state? They don't call those liquor places spirits for no reason. They don't even know what they saying. Huh? It's spirits, right? It's real evil spirits that come inside of people when you open yourself up to that avenue. One day he was at her home. He's a child of God. And the loved one looked at him and was looking over him and said, "Mary is standing over you right now, looking down at you." He was a disturbance to Mary. Hallelujah. Huh? Why? When I said a characteristic of demons is to cause people to want to get away from saints. Why is that? Amen. Forgive me. But it's because of the presence of the Lord. Brother Brandham said in his services, Amen. He says as he's ministering the word and demons listen the people that demons were upon were be their focus be oh my their focus be to change it be to be shifted onto the word that was being spoken and as their focus be to be shifted they were allowing now the influence of the Holy Ghost to come in and it began to battle against those demons that was holding them in their minds mind battles the greatest battle ever fought Right. And brother Brandham says those individuals that were housed by devils, amen, all of a sudden they begin to believe and the devil begins to get weak. And when that devil begins to get weak, he says it begins to call out for help in the spiritual realm. So demons were screaming across the room, but natural men and women wasn't able to hear a word. Amen. trying to call a kindred spirit to come in and increase the mind battle to make the thoughts more convincing to hold a person where they were cuz the more interest they gave the word of God, Amen, light begin to come inside of that individual and darkness begin to be pushed out. That's happening right now. You understand what I'm saying? There's a great battle taking place right now in this room. Who are you going to allow to win this morning? What are you going to give your attention to this morning? God is here to set you free. Amen. And give you what your heart is longing for. You've been praying about it. Allow God to give it to you. Allow your thoughts to be put on him. Amen. Praise God. Ephesians 6 and12 says this is true right now at this moment for we wrestle not against flesh and blood but against principalities against the powers against powers against the rulers of the darkness of this world against spiritual wickedness in high places right now in this room spiritual wickedness in high places is trying a whole places in people's hearts and minds. But if your eye be single, your whole body shall be full of light. Yes, sir. Where are you right now? When we leave this building, it's easy for us to have our mind on the word. Now, but the Bible tells us clearly that the devil waits. Oh, I'll wait. Uhhuh. I'll wait till the service is over. Uhhuh. Huh? And the things in which you heard, the Bible says he'll then try to find a way to come and steal it from you. How? Through people. Through activities. You understand what I'm saying? This is reality, saints. Yes, sir. Amen. Once we leave, once this service ends, the devil is going to come in with an onslaught trying to see how he can get more of a hole, regain his position that he's probably losing right now, depending on the individual. People were in the prophet services presence of the Lord fully there and they were able to sit there and allow a demon spirit in the presence of the Lord to still hold residence and even and notice when evil spirits came on people you know what it did evil spirits would cause those individuals to be against the prophet remember brother Okay. Huh? He Oh my You understand what I'm saying? In the presence of the Lord. Come on. I thought it was easy to feel the presence of the Lord. I thought if God was in the building, you'll be able to know. It's not like that. The Bible says the light that be in you is darkness. He says, "How great is that darkness?" How great was the darkness that was in Cain. Listen. He knew it was God talking to him. He knew it. Come on, somebody. He knew it was God talking to him. Ain't that right, brother? And he was still able to hold his own mental listen I I don't he still enabled the devil to hold him in the place that he was he heard God listen. He knew better than to come out his mouth the wrong way toward God. But in his mind he was telling God, "I hate you." That's right. And he was telling his father, "I love you." And his action showed because even after hearing directly from God, he walked out to live his own life, his own way. Glory to God. Amen. He didn't care about He didn't care. Listen, he didn't care no more about being accepted by God. God told him what to do to be accepted. He didn't care no more. He just wanted to live his own way. His own life. Isn't that the thought that the devil bring in people's minds now? Yes, sir. I want to live my life my way. Amen. That's right. Amen. And like we talked about on last night, they feel, listen, the devil deceives them into believing that satisfaction, being able to live however you want to live, do whatever you want to do. No, that's bondage. That's imprisonment. That's right. Huh? I'm free. Know you not you're bound sir. Yes, sir. Amen. You're only free when you're free from sin. From the influence of the devil. Can we say praise the Lord? Philippians chapter 4:E 6 says, no, I'm sorry. 2 Corinthians chapter 10 verse three says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh." Verse four of 2 Corinthians 10. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down what? Imaginations and every high thing that exalt itself against the knowledge of God. Where? In our minds. The devil chose the mind. That's where the battle is right now in the mind. Praise God. It says, "Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exalted itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity how many thoughts?" Hold on now. That sound like a lot of work. Bring into captivity. Every Why? What's so important about thoughts? What's so important about thoughts are just thoughts? Trust in the Lord with all thine heart, and lean not to thy own understanding, which is not your own understanding, but it's the persuasion of a demon that tries to lead you down a channel of thought, huh? That'll lead you into a certain destination. That's leaning to your own. It's not you. You're actually leaning to a devil that you don't realize is a devil. You think it's just you being witty? Yeah, I got wits about me. I I hear what the pastor's saying, but I think I got a better way. I I I I I think it's God leading me down a better way. The devil, the Bible says he transforms himself into an angel of light. People think they listening to God and listening clearly from a devil. Amen. That devil, he a liar. He don't mind lying and making you think it's God. God, I thank you for for giving me that direction. You're welcome, my child. And it's a demon. God told me, "You sure? I prayed about it, but God knew what was in your heart, and he let you be given over. to what was foremost in your heart. Your will was greater than his will. You didn't care about his will. Like Cain, you only wanted your way to do what you want to do when and where, however you wanted to do it. The Bible says because you love not the truth, he'll give you over. Oh man, this is serious now. God's gentle beckoning, his soft calling, trying to call people to repentance and what have you to to to to to help them to escape destruction, right? We take that voice for granted. We think it'll always be there. Do we realize that God can call you for the last time? He can call you to repentance for the last time. The devil, oh, see, he's so loving. So he he he just he's so loving, man. He you a lot. You You got man, you you you got grace, but for hundreds and millions of miles. I mean, it it's just abundance of grace. That rich young ruler, how much grace did he have? After he denied the Lord that one time, how many more chances did he have? That was a done deal. See, that's how devils do. He try to lessen. It's like it tries to take our mind and cause us to begin to feel like there's no immediate danger at judgment. There's no immediate repercussions for your decisions. And even though you might have been able to live and get away with these things for many and many and many of years, you don't realize your number about to be called and you caught and you won't be able to say that God didn't give you fair warning. That's right. Brother Brandham says God always warns a man before he brings judgment. Amen. And that goes for all of us. May the Lord help us by his grace from this day forward not to make his grace a disgrace. I want to close on this. Genesis chapter 3. Very familiar. As you're going to Genesis 3, I want to read to you something here. Uh the word focus by definition it means the center of interest or activity. So what you focus on shows where your interests are. Amen. And this is where we have to be brutally honest with our individual lives. If God, if the level of occupancy within our daily lives that God holds is draw down to a very minimal sliver of a place that shows where our interests are. Yes, sir. Cuz whatever is filling everything beyond that sliver of a place, that's where our heart really is. My focus again means the center of interest or activity. The word entertain by definition it means to give attention or consideration to. All we have to do is entertain a thought. Genesis chapter 3. Verse one says, "Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, "Ya hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?" And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. God has said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest you die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die." Even though God said this, he's not going to let you die. For God doesn't know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be open, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. Right at that moment, listen, Satan had her. How do you know, Brother McBride? because she was listening to him. Right at that moment, she died. Hold on, brother MB. She began, she still was talking at what you mean she died spiritually. She became separated from God. Listen, right in that moment, Lord, now we read the scripture, so I'm not going far-fetched. Right at that moment, God was hearing a clear communication from Eve. I hate you. And I love this spirit. I despise you. And I'm I'm now going to go ahead and give my myself over to this spirit. Why would you say that, brother? Eve didn't say that, brother McBride. But her act the next verse. And when the woman saw, notice this now, that the tree was good for food. Now, what was wrong and what was evil was being looked at as being not that bad. And it's it actually looks good. That's a clear indication of spiritual death. Yes. Satan introduces something. I'm going to say you take the bait. The initial time that happens is the most difficult time. But after it happens, that time it becomes less difficult. Why? Because now something else is controlling your thoughts. You've grieved away the presence of the Lord. So now that conviction is not as strong, right? And the more repetitive that begins to go down that line, it becomes easier and easier until the point it just it becomes a part of your lifestyle. And now you become blinded to the very presence of the Lord as though he's not even nowhere around. And he's standing right there watching the whole time. You're in his presence, but yet being fully consumed by an evil spirit that called Eve right here. Listen, within her saying this, or rather the Bible is just describing what it was that began to take place in her. Listen, there was no fear of the Lord here at this time. She was caught up in the spirit that she had opened herself to. That's right. Good, brother. Good. God was present, but there was no fear there. There was no consciousness. and that it was pleasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one wise. It says she took of the fruit thereof and we know what that fruit was. That's right. Focus is the center of interest and activities. her focus shifted. Brother Brandon said as she stayed behind that word, she would remain fortified. But but Satan was able to do what, saints? Pull her from behind the word into his presence. And he was able to have his way with her, looking at the unseen. Paragraph 34, Brother Brandham says, "I'm told that a snake can catch the eye of a bird and he can get the direct hold on that bird if he can catch his eye." So that that bird is in a on a higher place. It's in a tree somewhere on a limb. That snake is on the ground in most cases. But if that snake can catch the eye of that bird and that bird become locked in, the focus of that bird begins locked in or becomes locked in to that snake. Listen, he can make that bird come right off of his roost. Let's bring it into our day. You can be in church or at home or anywhere. Yes. In the presence of the Lord, listening to the word or what have you, but then Satan is able to bring a distracting thought that you give attention to or you entertain. He's able to pull that bird from that higher place and have that bird come down. That demon is able to take you from wherever you are, pull you from that place once you give your focus to it and draw you right down into its domain. It says, "Flutter right around and around and around and come right straight to that snake's mouth." I'm told that the eye of a snake is so powerful that when it catches the eye of a bird, it charms him, lures him right into the snake. And they say that little bird will flutter and flutter and flutter coming down. And if it listen now, even if it makes it to this point, there's still a possibility for deliverance. Amen. Amen. What brought them into that snare? The very thing that brought them into that snare is able now to also be a means to be delivered from the snare. What brought them into that snare? A focus. They became focused on this tactic or this bait of the devil. and they begin to be pulled into the devil's world. But notice how he says this. If it don't quickly start raising its head and shaking from that snake and start looking upward, look totally away from the snake and start looking upward, he says it'll never free itself. That's the only way it could free itself is to change its focus. So even if this morning you feel or know that you've been charmed by the devil and is now taking you from the place you know you should be in into a lower place, a worldly place, a place of darkness. right now by the grace of God you can begin to come up from that place. Hallelujah. If you allow your thoughts and your focus to become single and begin to fight, then you will experience deliverance. We thank God for helping us this morning. This is a real gospel and this particular subject has become so real to me because I've been on both sides of it. I've watched myself enter into defeat and I've watched God give me the victory and I've had to study that how how did I get defeated? What happened? What did I begin to give myself attention to, you know, give entertain? Amen. You you be honest with yourself. You can you can trace those moments of defeat right back to where it started, how it started, who it started with, what it started with. And you can choose to make the same mistake. Well, at that time, it won't be a mistake. You can choose to make the same decision or you can choose to begin to make better decisions. Brother Brandham says we can't blame Adam and Eve for what takes place with us now. They fumbled the ball and entertained the devil in their time and we were sold into sin. Right? But now he says you have those trees before you all day every day. And you choose what tree you're going to eat from. And whatever tree you eat from, that's what's going to dictate your focus. Yes, sir. 1 plus one equals two. Is that plain? Amen. Yes, sir. God bless each one of you. Amen. May he help each one of us. I want to say this by the grace of God. May he help us to really care for one another. That means a lot. When people are struggling, when people are having a hard time, they don't need criticism. They don't need self-righteousness. People that's full of mistakes themselves looking down on them. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. But the Bible says when you see a brother or you know it's it's including both man and woman overcoming a fault, it says we're to go to them in the spirit of meekness and humility. And this key factor God says we need to have in mind. He says considering yourself cuz that's them today but it could be you tomorrow if it's not for the grace of God. Yes sir. Right. So we need to love one another. Amen. Amen. Amen. really cry out for one another asking God to help help Lord help my brother help my sister help me. Brother Jesse, he was always it would always I believe it was Jeremiah I was reading there and he actually included himself within the prayer for Israel. Amen. I said, "What he doing that for?" He ain't the one out there committing idolatry. But in the presence of the Lord, I believe he realized that he wasn't alltogether right himself. Yes, sir. Huh. So, he wasn't going to be praying about you. Yeah. I pray you help like like the like the publican. I'm glad I'm not I'm like the Pharisee. I mean, I'm glad I'm not like that publican. Huh? Amen. Amen. He's doing it, saints. He's working among us. He's helping us. We're coming to where we need to be by his grace. Yes. We love you. We thank God for this time. has been very nurturing for me. Amen. Amen. As I minister, I'm being ministered to. Gise. So pray for Brother McBride. Amen. So as you praying for yourself, Lord, bless my brother also. Help him to overcome, Lord, all the snares of the enemy. Lord, so that he can be used for your glory, Lord. as you pray for yourself, Lord, help me to overcome, to be removed from all the snares of the enemy that I might serve your purpose while I'm here in this life. Let us all stand together and let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. with every head bowed and every heart before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you again, Lord, for your word. I realize, Lord, at times when things are being said, Father, it just seems to me that it's a clear communication. Lord, it's so beyond me, Father God. And Lord, that's how we need it, Lord. We need you to take full control and to minister to the needs of all of us that are together. Lord, I'm included within that. Heavenly Father, last night I was affected. Lord, I'm affected right now, Lord Jesus. Lord, you're giving us weapons of warfare, Lord. You're showing us how to overcome, Lord Jesus. Amen. And Father, why wouldn't we, Lord, pay attention, Lord God, and and allow ourselves to be exercised within these things, Lord? Father, have your way, Lord. May this word become a part of us, Lord. Lord, may it become a living article within our lives, heavenly father, which means that we give place to your spirit for your influence and your person to come inside of us and fill all of these places, Lord, these void places, these vacancies, Father, as the enemy is uprooted and cast out, Father, may you fill us, Lord, with your person, Lord, taking full control, Lord God, that you might control our thoughts, control our speech, Lord. control our actions, heavenly father. Amen. According to your desire, Lord, that we that we might truly be vessels for your use, Lord, for the use of the master, Lord, at any given time to be in such a place of yielding and surrenderance, Lord, that you can get glory to yourself whenever you feel to, Father. Lord, bless this church. Bless every single individual, Lord Jesus, as they meditate upon your word, Lord. Even even as we have to leave these church walls, Father, to go out into the realities of our own lives, into this world, Lord Jesus. Father, may this word be be able to be brought back to our remembrance, heavenly father. And Lord, may you help us to humble ourselves to give you more time, Lord. Amen. To make time for you, Lord God, according to what you deserve. You should be the highest priority in every one of our lives on a daily basis, Lord. But Lord, shamefully we say, Lord, that you have not been in that place, Father. But Lord, help us, Lord God, to give you that place, Lord, for your glory and your honor, Lord, that you might be pleased, Lord Jesus. We know you love us, Lord, and we're so grateful and thankful for your unconditional love, Lord. But Lord, you want to be loved back. Amen. You want to be loved back from a true and a sincere heart, Lord. Somebody that's willing to give you their all, Father, realizing all that you've done for us, Lord, that you didn't even have to do, but you did it, Lord. There won't be able to be any excuses at all, Father God. Help us Lord God to die to ourselves Lord that we might become more alive in you with every head bowed, every heart bowed. I know there are needs among us on this morning and the Lord knows all about it. Heavenly Father, you see the individual needs, Lord, the struggles, Lord, the heartaches, Lord, the troubles, Lord, that the enemy has been able to inject within your children's lives, Lord. Things that they wrestle with, Father, but Lord, may they become very aware that they're wrestling against spiritual wickedness in high places. Help them to be separated from thoughts within their own mind that's not their thoughts that they might be able to clearly see the enemy, Lord. Amen. And realize that it's not a part of them, but it's apart from them. It's something on the outside trying to get in, Lord God. Even as you said in your word, Lord, trusting you with all of our heart and lean not to our own understanding, but in all our ways to include you, Lord, to acknowledge you, knowing that you only know what's best for us, Lord. No one of us in this room knows what's best for ourselves. We never did, Lord God. We need you. We need your guidance, Lord. We need your leadership all the time. Hallelujah. Lord, help us to yield to that, Father. And you said in your word, Lord, that you will direct our paths. What better way to live, Lord. Lord, have mercy on us, Father. We want our paths to be directed, Lord. We need that, Father God. We want to walk in your perfect will, not your permissive will, Lord. Let it be so, Father, by your grace. Bless this church, Lord, continuously we pray. We thank you for all that you've done already, Lord, for the upcoming births, Father God. May you protect each mother and each child and each process, Father. You are the mighty God. I've seen you move. I've seen you in action, Lord. Amen. I know you're able to do it, Father God. And we look for that, Lord. We look for the testimonies, Father, Lord, of your love and grace and power, Lord God, just surrounding them and being with them, Lord. bringing thing bringing everything out Lord into a right place. We entrust you with that Father God. Every heart, every individual Lord, every home Lord, may it become different. May the individual become different Lord. May the homes become different. Heavenly Father, may your influence begin to increase and may darkness begin to decrease. Lord, we love you, Father God, and we ask you all these things in your name, the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. We love you. And until the next time, if there be a next time, because what I wanted to deal with, I wasn't able to deal with, but I was sharing it with my precious sister on last night. is so late right now. The things that the prophet talked about concerning the squeeze, aren't we able to see how possible that is right now with the current administration that we have? We see how it's able to act and do and handle people. Oh my, things have changed drastically. It's going home time, but it's going to be a squeeze. And that squeeze is going to squeeze the bride together. is going to bring the best of her out. Amen. God is going to be on display. Everything is making room.
