################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - (4-23-25) Book of Corinthians, Pt. 16 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-24
Title:   (4-23-25) Book of Corinthians, Pt. 16 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQCPrtHUK_M
========================================

here tonight by the grace of God. I want to thank Malai. You know, Malachi moved the organ and piano Sunday just to try to help out Lydia a little bit. You know, she was born and with that sensitivity in her ears and everything probably because of the vaccines we gave her. You know, we didn't know better. So, we're just going to try that, see how that works, and hope that'll be a blessing. So, thank you, Malachi, for doing that. Thank you again, Haven, for putting up with me. And Quesa Malachi 1 Corinthians 11:23. This is part 16. Slowly making our way through here by the grace of the Lord. We'll just read uh verse 23. It should sound very familiar after all the years of taking uh communion. We just took it uh on April 6, Brother Ram's birthday. So, very uh familiar scripture here. But wasn't it nice to see last week, wasn't it nice to see how Paul had to deal with this and balance it out? And we'll see it even again here tonight. He talks about how many were getting drunk at the Lord's table. And he said there in verse 22 that it was such a shame for these people how they were treating the Lord's supper. They thought they could drink of the devil's cup and the Lord's cup. But may it good be a good reminder to us only to drink of the Lord's cup. Praise God. Good to see brother Mercy and Patrick and Claude tonight. God bless you, brothers. How was the weekend? Was a good weekend of uh service there by God's grace. Okay. Praise God. We appreciate that. Safe travel. Yes. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Hallelujah. Let's read verse 23 if we can. One, two, three. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. We'll stop right there. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated there by God's grace. I have some slides here so you whenever you're ready can pull that up there. Thank you. Okay. So, we read our text here and we're we're finishing up this sixth section here on the headship and the Lord's supper. And then next time, Lord willing, we'll get to the gifts of the Holy Spirit. revisit them uh by the grace of the Lord. Um as brother Chris and I were talking a few weeks ago, everybody has a gift of the Holy Spirit. And uh the way to know is see what you can do. See which of those nine you can do when the spirit of God is on you. Um and then uh you know the more you invest in that, the more you pray in that, God will uh bless you of course and bless those gifts by the grace of God. But there's also that idea where uh the Holy Ghost might anoint you for one time to use on a certain gift and then you might not use that gift the rest of your life. There's also that idea too. There's a truth to that. And you can see it kind of in the scripture. You know, even that little child, that little boy, he gives Jesus, you know, his uh his his breakfast, right? And uh probably never happened the rest of his life, you know, but that one moment he was able to give of himself to the Lord Jesus. and and if we're willing to sacrifice the Lord Jesus, Jesus will multiply. Praise God. So, we can see it, you know, in different uh stories in the scriptures. So, we'll move on to that. And then, of course, the the main I think the main chapter of this whole book is charity because without charity doesn't profit us anything. No matter what we try to do for God, right? No matter how many testimonies we have of miracles, no matter how much we know about the Bible, all the mysteries, no matter how much we give money to the poor, none of it matters unless it's done with the love of Jesus Christ. Praise God. So, we want to just revisit that, of course, again here by the grace of God. So, we looked at verses 1-6 last Wednesday and and then we looked at verses 17 through 22. Uh, the disorders at the Lord's table were rebuked. So, tonight we're just going over this familiar text. So, I'll try to bring in some um additional thoughts here. By the grace of the Lord, um we stopped at verse 23. So, we'll pick up there. We read 23 tonight. And then verse 24, very familiar. And when he given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." Hallelujah. And uh I don't know if you remember, but the very last recording we have of brother Brandham was his thoughts on communion. It's not it's not even his sermon. Uh it's recorded from uh Arizona, Tucson, Arizona. It was recorded uh he was preaching right before communion was given but it was after brother Perry Green had preached the morning service. So the very last recording of our prophet. Isn't it wonderful? It's on communion. Hallelujah. And I'll say this. Remember the church age book. What does brother Ram say in the beginning? Uh I'm sorry. What does he say at the end? He says the one goal I have for my life is not to start a new movement or start a church. My one goal in life is to create a true relationship between God and man. And that's what I know this message has done. It has created a true relationship between myself and the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So I know brother's purpose was accomplished because now I know Jesus better than I ever have before. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So the very last recording was about communion. But first, as I mentioned a few weeks ago, I want to read bring this to you again. Uh, I don't think I showed you the quotes, but brother Adam said, "Comunion does not pertain to salvation." Okay? So, whether you take communion or don't, that doesn't mean you're saved. Now, should you do it? Of course you should. But some people make it uh uh life and death, such as the Catholic Church. I'm sure you've heard of it. Catholic people, they really want to have their communion before they die. They call it the last rights. Some of them are so dogmatic on it, they've got to have it from the priest. If not, then they think they're going to get more time in purgatory or they be be lost. Like it is such an important thing for them. But we know that God doesn't save by our works. God saves by his works. Amen. God saves by grace. Hallelujah. But I just thought I'd bring this quote to you, you know, because I mentioned it. I'd like you to see it. Now, the communion is not air. It's not given for the purpose that many think it is. It's taught by certain denominations of the church that communion is called the last rights that it pertains to salvation. Communion does not pertain to salvation. Communion does not give you salvation whether you take it in your death or what it does not have nothing to do with your salvation. It's a commemoration or a remembrance as uh Paul says here. You do it to remember the Lord Jesus Christ. Jesus said in the gospel, he said, "This do in remembrance of me." Not it leaning or pointing to salvation, but it's in commemoration of a finished work that's been done in you by the Holy Spirit. It's a commemoration. Praise God. So, we look back when we take communion, we look back and say, "Thank you, Lord. You were broken for me. Your blood was poured out upon me, and now I'm a finished product." Hallelujah. Amen. He's finished. He's taken away all my sin, right? He's washed. He paid for all my sin. I'm guaranteed to go to heaven because I have faith in Jesus Christ as a gift from Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Not by works, not that I earned it, but that he was uh so gracious and kind enough to open my eyes to it that I could receive it. Praise God. And then he even had he even had to give me the gift of faith to be saved. Praise God. It wasn't what wasn't even just maybe because I wanted it. It was by predestination. Hallelujah. By the election of God. Hallelujah. And then that he the Bible said the goodness of God then he led me to repentance. Right. Hallelujah. I would not have wanted it unless he would uh moved on my heart to want it by God's grace. Hallelujah. Because it's all by his design. Right? The potter has power over the clay. Hallelujah. Making one to honor, one to dishonor. Praise God. Now he says, now there's many that take the communion is not saved. Now here's the other side of it, right? Many people take communion, they're not even saved. Just like brother said or just like the Bible says many ate the pascal lamb in the days of Moses and the Bible said many of them perish in the wilderness, right? Uh it was estimated, brother Chris, two million people came out of Egypt through Moses. It was estimated. But everyone that was not 20 and under died. So, everybody 21 and over died except for uh Caleb and Joshua. Everybody died. Uh they died in the wilderness because they they had a fear that they couldn't take the promised land. And God punished them because they fear to take the promised land. So, out of those two million people, we don't even know how many actually made it in the promised land. God let the younger generation go in and then Caleb and Joshua because Caleb and Joshua had a different spirit that represents the Holy Spirit. Praise God. Hallelujah. But most of them died in the wilderness. Even though they saw the miracles, they saw the pillar of fire, they saw the water divide, the Red Sea. So, and even though they had communion, it didn't mean they were going to be saved. See, so it it goes to show uh and brother Bam says it there, you know, all the routines and all the rituals of the church, all the good commandments of the church, all the things we should do, they're all good, but it all boils down to do we have saving faith in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. It boils down to that. Hallelujah. And brother said, "And many take the communion today that will never see God." And those words kind of jumped at me today as I was studying. They'll never see God as far as in a friendship or role of of Christ and the church. They're going to see Jesus at the white throne judgment, but they're not going to see him uh through the eyes of love. Hallelujah. And we'll see that, of course, it's in the scripture. He said, 'But you cannot be a partaker of salvation and not see him because salvation is a gift of God and communion is a com commemoration of the great allsufficient sacrifice that was made for that salvation. It's to let people see that we believe in the death, burial, and resurrection of the Lord Jesus. It represents a finished work. So here we get the idea where Jesus says he says do some works in private, right? He said fast, pray, give alms in private. He said, "But then do these things publicly." These three things we're going to look at here tonight, right? Uh water baptism, feet washing, and communion. Do those things publicly because you're a city on a hill that cannot be hidden. Hallelujah. So, some things do in private, but some things do in public so everybody knows which side you're on. Amen. Okay. And it lets them know when you take communion, it lets everybody know I'm remembering the death of Jesus and the resurrection. Amen. It's a finished work. I'm a believer. Praise God. But then when you when you serve God with prayer, fasting, giving alms, that's in private. So you have a public Christian life, but then you're supposed to have a private Christian life as well. Hallelujah. Now, which one is the devil going to fight you on the most? The private one, right? Because we all come to church, act like everything's okay, and most of the time it is okay. Right? But there's times it's not okay. And the enemy is always mo normally with the believer, the true believer, he's fighting him on his private Christian life. But see, we're still called to do public ministry by the grace of God. Okay? It represents a finished work. Now, see, those words stood out like where I said, uh, there's a lot of people that take communion that will never see God. And so, that made me think of this. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Hallelujah. Now, what does this remind me of? Then it then it leads me to Matthew 7 where uh they say, "Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy? Did we not cast out devils? Did we not do many wonderful works?" And Jesus says, Jesus is going to say, "I never knew you. You're a work of iniquity." Now, did they see Jesus? Yes. But they didn't see him with eyes of grace. They saw him with eyes of fire and of judgment. Hallelujah. Can everybody see that? That's right. See, so uh we we must understand there's two types of way Jesus is going to see you. Either through grace or judgment. How many want the grace of Christ? Hallelujah. I want him to look at me through grace. And so what do I do? I I I I I daily seek after the Lord. Hallelujah. I daily seek God. I die daily as Paul said. So I want to be a worker of righteousness, not a worker of iniquity. Glory, church. We don't want to live double lives. Hallelujah. Now, and church, if if we make mistakes, let's be honest. Let's confess it to the person we sinned against. Let's just get it right. And church, I found out too, you can only keep things in so long. And you can only lose so many battles so long before you should tell somebody. Right? If you keep struggling inside and can't get the victory, come talk to me. Come talk to somebody. Talk to a trusted sister, a trusted brother, someone who's real mature in the Lord that you know won't won't share it about share it out. Don't suffer there in and just completed uh just completed repetitious uh slavery to sin. Tell somebody about it. The Bible said confess your sins. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, sometimes people just need accountability, which is it's a great help. Praise God. Tell somebody. Pray. They'll pray for you. They'll give you some wisdom. They'll give you some insight. Hallelujah. I'm talking about when they I'm talking about when you're caught in a snare like second Timothy says and you can't get out of the snare and you need help, go to somebody. Reach out to somebody. God will bless you for that. Praise God. Because you're trying to get out of the snare. Hallelujah. And if you can't get out, reach out to somebody for help. And the church said, now in most cases, if you sin and you're in sin, it's because you've sinned against somebody else. You should go tell the person you've sinned against them. That's right. So, don't live a double life. Don't just always serve God with all your heart. Live a single life. Yes, we're all going to fall short. We're going to make mistakes. But Jesus will bless you if you confess your sins. Praise God. And then, church, God sees, of course, the motives and intents of our heart. Now, I just I thought I'd show you this. Look at what pure means. Now, these are this is physical. This is Levitical, but this this would be us. Ethically, we're free from corrupt desires. Now, we have the desires of the flesh every single day. So, this must mean we crucify those desires as much as possible because none of us will ever get the sinless perfection, right? But we can, the Bible says we can have a pure heart. We'll be blessed if we strive with all of our striving, with all of our strength, with all of our diligence. We'll be blessed if we strive to have a pure heart. None of us will ever be totally free from sin. But we must be crucifying those corrupt desires, the sin and the guilt. Be live as close as we can free from every ad mixture of what is false. Do you know I was talking to brother Rod on the way down there and church it reminded me there was a movement actually it was the Wesleyan movement of uh John Wesley and then they brought it into the Pentecostals. You know what the movement was? The movement it was called total sanctification. Which means they preached you had to constantly live sanctified. You had to live every day sin-free or you would lose your salvation. Church, guess what? That revival didn't last very long. Because the people found out, I can't go just a couple days without making a mistake. Hallelujah. So imagine walking in them. The preacher say, "If you sin today, you're going to hell. You better get to the altar." Now, how many services is it going to have to go to where that's just going to get it's going to get old? Well, I failed again. You get discouraged. Think how Satan beat them up. so much. Now, I don't want to go so far where it's okay where you everybody here feels it's okay to sin every day. It's it's not it shouldn't be okay to sin every day, right? It shouldn't be okay to remain in sin, but you also can't go too far and try to preach something so high you'll never attain to it. We ought to preach as high as we can attain to. Praise God. In other words, die daily. Have a pure heart. Uh but I was reminded of that that was in history and it it only lasted so long. And so it it takes this uh sincerity here uh to recognize here the Lord and ask ourselves, Lord, am I really serving you with a pure heart? Is my motive pure for being in service here tonight? Am I pure around my children? Am I pure with my wife? Hallelujah. Am I pure at work? That's what God wants us to see. And then God will bless our efforts to be pure. Amen. God's not asking for total uh sinlessness. It's impossible. Hallelujah. As Paul taught us in Matthew chapter I'm sorry, Romans chapter 7. He said, "When I want to do good, sin's right there and I do what I hate." He said, "But how does he end it? But thanks be to God who gives me the victory through Lord Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. So, I like what Albert Barnes said this. I think he was a Baptist preacher in the 1800s. Brother B mentioned him in the church age book. He says, uh, "Pure in heart. Those whose minds, motives, and principles are pure, who seek not only to have the external actions correct, I like that. But who desire to be holy in heart and who are so. Man looks on the outward appearance, but God looks on the heart. Hallelujah. That was referring, of course, to David. You know, that's what God that's what God told uh Samuel. Uh they thought all the big tall guys were the pure in heart, but God said, "No, David's the one who's got a pure heart." The church, how do we know he's pure? When he was caught in sin, he remember he was caught in adultery. What did he do? Did he fight back? No. He said, "You're right. I've sinned." And he went and sat in the church and cried and pleaded for God to spare the boy. That's a pure heart. So, see, he got caught in a snare. He got caught and he was living in sin for a while. But what did a pure heart do once it got identified? It repented and went to the house of God and pleaded for mercy. And the church said, "We're all going to go through difficult seasons. We're all going to make mistakes. We're all going to be ashamed of ourselves. But pick yourself up. Go back to the house of God. Confess your sin. Start Aresh. You'll feel God's spirit come on you. Aresh. He'll restore the joy of your salvation. You didn't lose your salvation. You just lost the joy of it. Praise God. Hallelujah. Blessed are the pure in heart. So, people take communion without a pure heart. In other words, they can they live in continual works of iniquity. They're addicted to sin. and they're living in in uh uh living snared constantly in uh uh addiction to sin. And those are the ones that are not living with a pure heart. And then he says they shall see God. See, there's a sense in which all will see God. What doesn't Revelation 17 says that? Yeah, let me read that. Revelation 17. The Bible said, "Every eye will see him." So that's the great balance, church. Yes. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierce him, and all the kings of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, amen. So, blessed are the pure in heart. They shall see God. Everybody's going to see God, but only the sheep, right? And the bride are going to see him with eyes of love. Every other eye that sees him is going to see him with a eye of judgment, right? Because they failed to repent of their sins. So, everyone's going to see him. I'll say like this. Who wants to see him in the millennium? Oh, amen. That's who I want to I want to see Jesus in the millennium. Praise God. That means I'm on the earth. That means I'm ruling on the earth. If I see Jesus in the millennium. Praise God. Hallelujah. See, that is they'll behold him as a judge, not as a friend. That's in Revelation 17. It's seeing him as a judge, not a friend. In this place, it is spoken of as a special favor. Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God. It's a a special blessing to them. So also Revelation 22:4, "And they shall see his face." Hallelujah. Those who are in the future home, the new Jerusalem, to see the face of one or to be in the presence of anyone were terms among the Jews expressed of great favor. It was regarded as a high honor to be in the presence of kings and princes and to be permitted to see them. Proverbs 22 29, he shall stand before kings. Now, isn't that true today? You get to see the president of the United States or even the president of a company, right? get to see somebody of high regard. Oh, and you start cleaning yourself up. How do I look? You know, you're going to see somebody. You're going to see somebody really important. Oh my goodness. I'm going to go meet the governor today. I'm going to I'm going to go see the mayor. He wants to see me. She wants to see me. You know, in the even the Bible days, that was so important. If you saw somebody's face, it's either good or bad. Same today. Hallelujah. He says uh 2 Kings 25:19, "Those that stood in the king's presence in the Hebrew, those that saw the face of the king, that is who were his favorites and his friends." And church, don't forget, you are God's beloved. And the church said, "Amen." That means his favorites. That's what the Greek means. Hallelujah. In other words, you're his children, chosen before the foundation of the world. So here to see God means to see I'm sorry to be his friends and favorites and to dwell with him in his kingdom. Blessed are the pure in heart. They shall see God. Blessed are the people who take of the the cup and drink the bread with a pure heart. Oh God, I remember. Thank you for shedding your blood for me. Thank you for letting your body be ripped in shreds so I could be saved. Do it with a pure heart. Not like, "Oh, I'm just going because I I don't want anybody to think I'm backsliding or I'll just do it. I can't wait to get out of here after feet washing. Oh, do I have to wash brother Jesse's feet again, you know, just uh, you know, you got to take it and that's and brother boils it down to this. You we must take it with sincerity." Brother, you'll see here in just a moment, Brother brings it down. Uh, brothers, brothers, last recording was about communion. I'm going to hit the highlights. I don't have them up here, but I'm just going to hit the highlights. Uh, let me just skip down here just for the sake of time. I already feel like I'm gone gone long. I already got 25 minutes in here. 20 minutes in. So, brother starts this recording, his last recording by saying uh that he met a brother who believed you only take spiritual communion, not literal communion. Now, I never heard that till I listen to brother Ram's tapes. There are some churches that believe we don't they actually don't partake of the bread and wine or wash feet because they believe it's all spiritual. And so I just thought it was interesting if you never heard it before. This will give you some ammunition or this will help sharpen your sword if you talk to him online. Brother Chris on Facebook. Brother said I was called a few days ago by some very fine Christian gentlemen that never had this communion and he understood we only taken communion literally. They take it, they call spiritual communion. He says, "But communion means to talk to." How many know that the word communion means to talk to? So when we take communion, we're talking to the Lord, saying, "Thank you, Lord. I remember what you did. Thank you for dying for me. Thank you for shedding your blood for me, and let me talk it over. Let me treat the body the right way. Make sure, Lord, purify my heart. Uh I'm examining myself, Lord. Help me, Lord, to treat your body the right way so I don't bring a curse upon me." That's right. Now, brother says, "The reason I'm saying this is because the man said,"Now, don't we take the word of God? Isn't that God that we're taking?" Now, look at his argument. I believe the word. I believe the preaching and don't we take it spiritually? And brother Ram said, "That's exactly right, sir." Did you know you can have communion tonight? And I don't have any bread ready for you, but you can have communion tonight. In fact, that's the whole point of coming tonight, so you can have communion with Jesus Christ. Amen. But look what brother says. You're exactly right, sir. True. But we read here that they actually took the literal Lord's supper, Paul says. So, Brother Ram says, "Yeah, you got a certain amount of truth, but actually, look what Paul did. They actually took the bread and the wine as well." Okay, so see what are they doing? They're only taking part of the word. They're actually cutting out some of the word. They're taking away from the word. But the Bible said, "Don't add or take away. Do all the word." Brother Ram says that he said this to in remembrance of me as Jesus said so oft remembrance of me you show forth the Lord's death till he comes. See now we are to take it. And then he says uh now we only have three physical divine orders left of us. One of them is communion, feet washing, water baptis baptism. That's the only three things. That's the perfection of the three. See I looked over the threes last week. Remember we looked at number three. Three is perfection. He says, "And that's the only three orders we have." We realize that was the issue given by St. Paul in the New Testament. Now, if we would say the communion should be just taking the word, I don't believe anyone has a right to take the Lord's supper until he's taken the word of the Lord into his heart. So, Brother Ram goes with him a little bit. Yes, you've got to take the spiritual word first, then you can have communion. Okay? He says, "But on the same basis, we could absolutely justify the Salvation Army because they do not believe in any form of water baptism because they say we're already baptized spiritually. So why do we get baptized naturally?" So, Brother Bam's dealing with two two churches that both say, "Well, we do communion spiritually. We do water baptism spiritually. Why should we do it naturally?" And brother Bram's main emphasis is the Bible says we should. He says, "Now they say the water can't save you. The blood saves you." Brother says, "I agree with that." So see, they got a partial truth, but not a full truth. Praise God. Brother says, "But we must take the water as a outward emotion and that an inward work of grace has been done." See, we must do the same on communion. Praise God. So, brother says with these three symbols, we must do them spiritually and we must do them physically. Hallelujah. Right? So, we just looked at uh we just looked at communion and water baptism. We just read first Peter 3, remember on Sunday, what does the Bible say? Does the water save you, brother Patrick? Did the water save you last summer? No. It was the answer of your good conscience toward God, brother Claude. When you said, "Yes, Lord, I accept the blood of Jesus Christ and forgive me. I'm going to heaven. That's when you were saved. Praise God. You were saved before you went down the water. Hallelujah. That's what saved you, not the water. But see, the the Salvation Army goes so far on that side. Well, see, I got a good conscience. What do I need the water for? Well, then you go back to the book of Acts and Peter says, "You've got the Holy Ghost in your soul." Good. Now, I command you, go baptize your physical body, right? Hallelujah. Amen. So see these false doctrines what many times they just have a little bit of truth but not the rest of the truth of the Bible. Our beliefs brother Chris since he's newer here I'm letting him know our beliefs should agree with all the teachings of the Bible and that's what I believe they do by the grace of God. So brother deals with that first. He said it's more than spiritual communion. It's more than spiritual baptism. It's actually physical as well. Okay. Hallelujah. And then brother Ram says, of course, remember Paul is the one who taught this. And and then he goes to Galatians 1:8. He says, Paul said, if an angel from heaven comes and says, anything else, let him be accursed. So see, the same one that had them rebaptized in Acts 19 was Paul from the baptism of John to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. So look how brother dismantles their arguments. Amen. He says, "The man who wrote about Paul, he's an apostle. He was ordained by Jesus Christ. And even he baptized in physical water, not just spiritual baptism. And the same man that did that said, "If you change anything I wrote, you're cursed." He said, "Eat the bread and uh drink the wine." That's what Paul said. The man who helped start the Gentile church ages. That's right. All right. And here's what I like this quote here. He says, he says, "Now you say, well, the Salvation Army takes the point. Well, the dying thief when he died, he wasn't baptized yet. Jesus said he'd be in heaven. So, here's another argument they say. Well, I don't need to be baptized. The dying thief was saved and he was never baptized. Notice what brother says. That's that's right. That's exactly the truth. That's exactly right. He says, but you see, he only recognized Jesus right there in the hour he was dying. See, that's the only opportunity he had. He was a thief. He was away. He was out. And as soon as he seen the light, he recognized it and said, "Lord, remember me." And that was true. But to you and I who know that we should be baptized and refuse to do it, then that'll be between you and God. Same thing in communion. Hallelujah. So, brother dismantles both of their arguments. Praise God. Now, church, that saved thief on the cross, that's why we believe people could be dying on their bed and they could have done all evil things, but if they repented, they could be saved right there. Praise God. And they don't have to be baptized. Now, they'd want to, but if they don't have the chance, they can still be saved because Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, forever. So, if he saved somebody in their last moments at the cross, he can save anybody their last moments any time. Praise God. Because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He doesn't change. Hallelujah. But if you have the chance, how could you deny being buried out of gratitude to the one who died for you and saved your soul? Praise God. Amen. Why would you be ashamed to go down under water to rem to recognize that Christ died for you and that you want to die with him and raised with him? Praise God. You wouldn't be ashamed. So, see, it's an evil spirit keeping people from getting the Holy Ghost. They don't even get baptized in physical water. Well, then you're how you going to get the Holy Ghost? And if you did, then you get baptized right away, like the book of Acts, chapter 10. So, see, and the Bible said God gives the Holy Ghost to them that obey him in Acts 5:32. All right. Now, that's a pretty good highlight to me. After the same manner, also he took the cup. This is going to be a lot of review. And when he had up, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death to you come." See, you show to other people. Oh, what are you doing this week? You got communion this weekend? Oh, what's that all about? Well, I'm remembering the death of Jesus Christ. Oh, you believe in the death? Oh, yes. Yes, I believe in the death and the resurrection. And he's resurrected. You ask me how how does he how you know he lives? He lives in my heart. You show his death until he returns. As often as you eat this bread, drink this cup. You do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink the cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. That's why we do a moment of silence, Brother Chris. as you're familiar. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. So we must examine ourselves. Lord, am I living the right Christian life? For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning or judging the Lord's body. So the main thing here, even as we'll see in this chapter, they were uh they were mistreating each other. The rich Christians were mistreating the poor Christians. Remember that? And remember, some of them were suing the rich Christians were suing the poor ones. So, they were suing each other. Some of them had sexual sin, right? Uh some of them were getting drunk. Some of them were in division, speaking evil, uh thinking they're greater than other people in the church. And so, they weren't judging, they weren't discerning the Lord's people the right way. Now, look what happened. Now, this is pretty striking here, brother Chris. Because of all this sin, look, this church was dying fast. This this church had a lot of people that died and were sick. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. So, this church was big at first, but they were starting to quickly die out because of all the sins in the church. Now, Brother Chris, I've seen that one time, and I just told brother uh who which brother did I tell about it? I seen it one time in my mom's church back home. It's Assemblies of God Church. I was telling Brother Rod. There's a meeting when we first come in the message, brother Chris, about serpent seed and Simon and them uh my sister were there and they were standing up for brother Brandham and the serpent seed. Well, the the preacher, the Assemblies of God's uh pastor's wife got angry. She said, "Thus say the Lord, serpent seeds of the devil." And the next year, I think my mom said there was either 15 or 20 funerals that struck the church. Healthy people uh just got sick and died. And then the uh the woman's husband came down with Parkinson's and it cut short of his ministry. He could barely whisper. He shakes all the time. Uh and and that that's an example. They weren't treating the Lord's body. They're actually bringing they were actually using the Lord's name to curse the revelation of the Lord. Hallelujah. And that's where that's the only time I've really seen that 15 or 20 in one year. here. I remember my mom telling me and she was so upset. I said, "Mom, I think it has something to do with what was said." So, this church was really big and then remember church remember they had all the gifts operating but they were doing too many tongues, too many interpretations, too many prophecies. Paul said just two or three. Okay, two or three. Limited two or three every service because if there's so much being said, how can you keep up with all that? Right? So Paul says keep it two or three. They had all those shouting, speaking tongues, prophesying. We have the church was dying out. Lots of people dying. Many, not not a few church. Let's all say many. Ready? Many people were dying and getting sick in the church because they're m they're suing each other, sleeping around, right? We went through that. Prideful divisions, getting drunk, all these things. And church, I've seen it just by a person speaking against the Lord. And it wasn't just that. I found out later the pastor was actually cussing at the people, using cuss words at the people, rebuking them for complaining from the pulpit. Cuss words. And there was other sins too. I'll just I'm let me just say there was obesity in the church. I'm talking about overeing in the church. There was sins in the church. Lust of the flesh and the church said, who knows what else was there. Maybe there was sexual sin. I don't know. That's just what I knew about. And I wasn't even a part of the church anymore. It's so important how we treat each other. Hallelujah. Now, before I get to the next one, let me let get your Bibles ready. Um, this was a these are different slides I used uh three years ago when I preached on blessings and cursings. I preached a short series on that and I'm sure Naomi Beatatric might remember. Malachi, I might remember. Um, but got your Bibles here. Um, now the thing that's a little bit hard for Christians sometimes is when we see these warnings, but we see people sin and they doesn't look like they suffer. But church, they are suffering whether they show it or not. It's thus sayeth the word they're suffering. They're suffering from having no peace in their life. Hallelujah. Think about that, church. Just you and I being able to go to bed at night and have peace in our hearts, that is such a valuable thing. Most people on this earth do not have it. That's why they do drugs. That's why they do porn, right? Or that's why they do uh uh sports. They do anything they can do to try to get distracted away from the the war against God that they feel on the inside. Look at it. Look at it. It's Isaiah 48:22. There is no peace, sayaith who, the preacher. No. Sayaith the Lord unto the wicked. I've seen famous people like Tom Brady. he's a football player and uh Brad Pitt, he's a famous actor and other women too, famous actresses. They've gone on interviews and uh and they asked, "Are you happy?" And they're like, "No, now that we're famous, we got to hide out and we just sit in our houses and we can't go out in public." They're now slaves. They got all that money in the They got all that money in the bank account and they said, "Then we spend it all. We have so much we can't even we we can't even spend it all. We There's not enough things to spend it on." And they're miserable because you know why? God's word is true. There is no peace to the wicked. Is that right? No matter how much they try to put on. Why do you think all those women go through all those facial surgeries? Why Why can't they just have peace with how they are? They're already famous. No, they got to get more fa more whatever more lustful, whatever they want to be. Why can't they just have peace? Why can't that man who's got m Why can't just say remain married to that wife? Why does he need more women? Why? because they have no peace. But what does the Bible say? We have a peace. He's got a name. He's a person. His name is Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Right? Like we sing that song, uh, God gave us something the world can't take away. The world can't take away our peace. We have something they'll never know about. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Thus sayaith the Lord, the wicked have no peace. Now, they look all happy and on the outside and they got the money. They're walking on the red carpets, but they're actually walking on the road to hell. The Bible says, especially adulterers, they're they're paving their way to hell, the Bible says. Now, remember this uh uh Asaf wrote about this in Psalm 73. Got your Bible? Psalm 73:3. This bothered him. And church, it can bother us sometimes, too. This person leaves a message, that person leaves a message, and seem like nothing bad happens. Church, they have no peace in their heart. You cannot break the word of God. The Bible says they that don't have the Holy Ghost, they have the spirit of the world. They cannot receive the spirit of truth. It's impossible for them to receive the Holy Ghost because they have the spirit of the world. Right? Psalm 73:3. I took a took a moment for me to get there. I didn't get a chance to put that one on the slides there. 733. So, I was studying. The scripture came to my mind. For I was envious at the foolish when I saw the prosperity of the wicked. So, Asaf sees all these wicked and it looks like they're prospering. My everything, they're getting rich and famous and they look healthy and all these things. Everything looks good for them. Well, at least right now. It looks good, but it's not good. The Bible said, remember, just like the Pharisees, they whitewash the outside, but inward they're full of dead men's bones. Hallelujah. Right? That's what the scripture says. Verse four, for there are no bands in their death, but their strength is firm, but they are not in trouble as other men, neither are they plagued like other men. How come as a Christian, I get all these problems and look like these people have no problems? Uh, don't fret, child. God's for you. Hallelujah. God's got a chasen every child that he loves. That's how God does it. He don't let you get away with things because he loves you. Hallelujah. Verse six. Therefore, pride compass them about as a chain. See, they're ch actually chained up. Looks like everything's going good, but they're chained up in their pride. Violence coverth them as a garment. See, they do violent things. Especially the politicians with all their money and their power. They get people killed and they uh you know how it is. I ain't got to say their names. Past presidents and so forth. Their eyes stand out with fatness. They have more than heart could wish, right? They got so much money they don't even have all these guys. They got so much money they don't know what to do with it. But the Bible said they're in chains to pride. They're corrupt and speak wickedly concerning oppression. They speak loftily. They set their mouth against the heavens and their tongue walketh through the earth. They even speak against God and Christ, right? Joe Rogan's got the greatest podcast, right? But he speaks against God. He don't believe in God. How can he still prosper? Nature. How can he still get better and better all the time? Because it's this. It's this. They prosper for a while, but let's see what Let's see what they're like at the end. Hallelujah. Now, I hope Joe Rogan get saved. Don't get me wrong. I hope all these people get saved, but a lot of them won't, right? He says this verse uh 10, therefore his people return hither, and waters of a full cup are rung out to them, and they say, "How do God know? And there is knowledge, and is there knowledge in the most high?" They're even questioning Almighty God. Behold, these are the ungodly who prosper in this world. They increase in riches. You would think, if you read, I've been reading Proverbs, you would think the holy people would get rich. Not always. Sometimes it's the sinners who get rich. Verily, I have cleansed my heart in vain. So, see, look, the devil's bound. Oh, see, you're you're living all this dedicated life in vain. You're not getting nothing out of it. Oh, yes you are, church. Your treasures just aren't here. Your treasures are up higher. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let them have all they want down here. It's going to be burnt anyway. Praise God. It's going to be burnt and then it's going to be all made new for you and I. Praise God. For a thousand years. Verse 14. All for all the day long have I been plagued and chasened every morning. I got a battle against sin, but from the time I get up, mercy to the time I go to bed, and looks like they got an easy life. Don't complain. God knows what he's doing. And if I say, I will speak thus, behold, I should offend against the generation of thy children. When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me. See, it was so painful. How come these people have such easy lives? It seems like they're so blessed, but my life is a struggle. And I don't get ahead like other people. It's a chastening of the Lord. And church, God, like brother said, God knew if I had that money, if I God knew if I had too much money, he probably couldn't trust me with it. Think about, church, think how faithful you are with the money you have now. What if you had a lot more? You'd still be unfaithful with it. Now, if you're faithful now, praise God, then you'll be ruled over much in the millennium, right? But that's what brother A said. Maybe uh you talking about the future home, right, of Or Roberts and all these future homes. He said, 'Lord, well maybe you just couldn't trust me with it. But the Lord said, "Look up. Your portion's in heaven. Your reward is in heaven." But see, Asa battled this. How come these sinners, they just get stronger and wiser, more masked like wiser, worldly worldly knowledge, they get richer all the time? Verse 17. It was too painful for me. It was so hard to see why the sinners and wicked people get blessed until I went to the sanctuary of God. Then I understood their end. Then I saw where they're going to end up at at the end of their life, right? Who really loves them? Do they really love God? Is they're going to have are they going to have any real lasting heavenly reward? Of course not. Now, could they be saved? The Bible said they can be saved, but they'll have no reward if they repent at the very end. Hallelujah. So, I went to church and I saw, well, it's all about the end. Hallelujah. It's all about where do you go at the moment where your spirit, God calls your spirit and soul, are you going up or down? May God help us to go up to paradise. Praise God. That's why he died. Hallelujah. That's why he sent his son Jesus. Verse 18. Surely thou deset them in the slippery places. Thou castest them down into destruction. So see, they're walking slippery slopes. Pretty soon they're going to fall in disgrace. How many famous sports stars have we seen fall and preachers even last year fall into sexual sin? That's the most slippery slope there is for men. How many fall? Just this week, another one. Uh that famous football player who's now he's an NF, he's a Hall of Famer and he's caught with all this wickedness. And you would think he's got 200 $300 million. Why couldn't you stay away from prostitutes or something like that? It's because the Bible said the eyes of lust are never satisfied. In other words, he has no peace. He can't have peace because he doesn't have Christ. Hallelujah. But if you've got Christ, you've got the peace of God. Yes. how they're brought to death desolation in a moment. Verse 19, they're utterly consumed with terrors. Now, that guy's going to have so many lawsuits. He's getting sued for now $50 million because of his sexual sin with prostitutes. And now everybody's talking about him evil all over the internet. I'd rather stay off that. I just rather have I just rather talk to the angels myself. Praise God. Let me just talk to the angels and the saints of God. Hallelujah. That's right. Now look, go down to verse 22. So foolish was I and ignorant. I was as a beast before the look what he says. I was foolish to think that these people had a good life. They have an awful life. These rich people, these famous people, they have an awful life. I heard numerous boxers when they got famous, uh, you know, Tyson Fury, he said he was a Christian, but now it doesn't look like it now, but he said he regrets even being famous now because he can't go anywhere. Can't have any, he can't take his family anywhere. church, we we sometimes forget the blessings of just going to the park on Saturday because if you were famous, you couldn't go there. Everyone run up to you, sign it, sign it, sign it. They say getting famous is a trap. It's a snare. It's not even a good life to live because everybody wants you. Everybody wants something from you. How many How many of those famous people say people only call them to ask for money? So, if you're poor and people contact you and love you, that's a real good sign they love you. If they're not asking for money. Now, people that always ask for money, that's that's a problem. There's my 45 minutes. But see, then you when you come rich, then you got problems like that. Everybody wants your money all the time. And then you got to invest it. Let's And how many people have been rich and they they they were told to invest it and they got scammed by the investor? Lots of people. And this writer Asf says, "So foolish was I to think money solves all our problems." Uh, being famous and popular solves all our problems. No, it creates more problems. Look at verse 24. Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel and afterward receive me to glory. I'm going to heaven. Hallelujah. That's where I'm going. Praise God. That's right. Whom have I in heaven but thee? Oh my. There's none beside thee on earth that I desire beside thee. Oh, and people desire to be famous. They desire that celebrity or that that that that accomplishment or that position. They desire these things. But Asap said, "The only thing I desire is Jesus." Hallelujah. In other words, the Christ, the anointing. That's right. Whom have I on earth beside thee? Whom in heaven but thee? We sing that song, pass me not, oh gentle savior. See where she got that from? My flesh and my heart faileth. All the the flesh and hearts of these famous people are going to fail. They all die. But God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Hallelujah. For lo, they that are far from thee shall perish. Thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee. But it is good for me to draw near to God. I have put my trust in the Lord and I that I may declare all thy works. In other words, all these rich people, listen, all these rich people are spiritual They go make love to the devil and the demons rather than giving their love to Jesus Christ. So what do you want to be? You want to be faithful to Jesus or do you want to be a I don't want to be a I want to be faithful to the Lord Jesus Christ. I know that's flat and plain, but look, that's the Bible truth. That's thus sayith the Lord. And then if we love Jesus and we're true to Jesus, then we have the peace of God that passes all understanding. Praise God. That's right. Hallelujah. So, like as I said, just because people leave our church or people leave the message or people even leave Christianity and it seems like everything's going well, it's impossible. They can't they can't have things go well. If they're living in disobedience, it cannot be well with them because they've disobeyed the word of God. Hallelujah. And they might prosper for a season. That's like the rich young ruler. He prospered for a long time, but then he unexpectedly lost his life. And then the Bible said he went down to hell. Now, let me bounce. I'll close with this bounce. Communion doesn't save you. But if you don't take it the right way, it will cause a curse on your life. Right? We just saw the curse. Many are weak and sickly, and many die because they don't judge the body of the Lord. They don't judge the church the right way. Okay? Now, I'm not going to go through that today. I did that back in that previous u previous series. So many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. Brother Ram says, "What are you? You're a Christian. You live before everybody's a Christian." And if you take that communion and don't live as a Christian, you're not discerning the Lord's body. You're putting a stumbling block in somebody else's way. See, as they see you trying to do that and then not living what you're supposed to live. See, you're not discerning the Lord's body. Now, watch it. What the curse of it is. See, a lot of people forget Christians can be cursed in their spirits or bodies temporarily, right? Because it's a curse. God put a curse upon these people in the church of Corenth because they weren't judging the body the right way. They weren't treating the people the right way. So, God put a curse on their life. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you and many are asleep. The right translation, Brother Perry, is dead. See, many are dead. Then he reads the rest of the scripture. I'll close with this. What do I got? Oh, I thought I would finish the chapter. Now, brother man's finishing up. Here's memory. Look, he's in Tucson. It's his last recorded words on tape. Now, in other words, don't just come as I said a while ago about the Jews. It was wonderful. It was given by God, but it got to place. They didn't do it in sincerity and reverence and in order. Then it just become a stench in his nose. Hallelujah. See church, we don't want to go through the motions. You just don't want to go through the motions. You got to get down in your heart and repent of any actual sin you know to make it fresh again. So the love of God is present in your worship. Hallelujah. Because if not, if you don't get your constant sincerity and reverence back, then it just becomes vain worship. It doesn't mean anything. Hallelujah. Then he says, "Since it got like that for Israel, it's the same thing by our coming to take the Lord's supper that we must come knowing what we are doing." Just like when you go to the water to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you know what you're doing. You're putting onto the church what God has put in you. Christ, you're showing Christ to the church because Christ is inside of me. When we take this, it shows to the church, I believe every word of God. So when we took communion, that's what it means. I believe every word of God. Hallelujah. I believe Jesus is the bread of life that come down from God out of heaven. I believe every word that he says is the truth. And church, I live it by the best of my knowledge. God is my judge. Therefore, being my brothers be before my sisters, before my brothers, I do not swear. I do not curse. I do not do these things because I love the Lord and the Lord knows it and bears me record. That's what I want. That's what you want. We want the Lord. We want to see the Lord bear record that re we're a real Christian. Praise God. Doesn't that make you feel good when someone says, "Oh, isn't isn't it good when you hear somebody tell you about something somebody else said about you that was good?" Isn't that great? When somebody tells you something that they heard about you and it was good, that means you're living the right Christian life. Hallelujah. God bear record. God bears record that you're living the Christian life. And everybody sees it and it gets back around you. That shows you're worshiping in sincerity and reverence before God. You believe every word of God to the best of my knowledge. Remember brother Brian praise she's done what she could. All that means I just did my best. Hallelujah. Let's do our best by the grace of God. I don't swear. I don't do these things because I love the Lord and the Lord knows it bears me record. Therefore before you I take this parcel of his body, the bread to know that I'm not condemned with the world. See there you are. Then it's a blessing. Praise God. Now let me finish this chapter. I'm just going to finish it because I only got a few more verses. And then I was talking with brother uh uh Patrick. We'll go over this on Sunday. Well, no, it's going to be a while now. Maybe next Wednesday. There's four at least four shadows, four foreshadows of communion in the Old Testament, but let me just finish with a chapter here. For if we would judge ourselves, we not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasing the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Anybody just catch that? Judge ourselves. Spirit of judgment, right? Spirit of judgment and spirit of burning. That's what we need. Judge ourselves. Just be honest. Have I lost my sincerity? Have I let down somewhere and I'm not doing my best? All God wants is just your best. Are you doing your best? Am I doing my best? We want to give God our best tonight. See, just give him I got to give I just gave him my best song leading that I can do. And tonight it wasn't very good, but I know God's merciful. Praise God. I still got to give my best sermon that I can preach. Try to preach the truth so the saints will say, "Amen." And somebody will leave here closer to God than further away. Praise God. Whether people repent or not, whether a miracle happens or not, I got to give God my best. Hallelujah. Or else I get insincere and God doesn't receive my sacrifice anymore. And then a temporary curse could come upon me or come upon somebody else. When we are judged by the spirit of judgment, we are chasened to the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another, wait for one another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Let's stand into our feet. So we see again here that when it comes to communion, they were not treating each other the right way in regards to communion. Can you believe that? Those rich people would uh they would come to the communion service, they would get drunk, eat all this food, and they'd see poor Christians and not even offer them any food. Now, my brothers are witnesses. If you don't have lunch, what's going to happen at our church? What's going to happen? If you don't have lunch, what's somebody going to do at our church? Yeah. And the church said, "Amen. If you don't have lunch here, someone's going to offer to you. And if not, you come tell me, I'll offer lunch to them." Hallelujah. But they would just walk in. All the rich people, they just, oh, just eating away, oh, drinking away, getting drunk, and they let these poor people go by, not even offer them food. Hallelujah. Is that right? And my brothers are witnesses. You brothers are witnesses. If somebody comes here knowing have food, you better offer to get them something. Do something. How can you have faith and see somebody hungry and not try to feed them? Now, if they're fasting, they'll let you know they're fasting. Then you don't got to get them food. And the church said, "If you see somebody that needs to give them that's hungry, give them food by the grace of God." Isn't that what real faith is? When was the last time we read James chap let's read James chapter 2 real quick here. I'm going to go do some overtime. I just feel led. And it's also to show our brethren that that's that's real faith. That's what you do if someone doesn't have food. See somebody cold, get them a coat. That's real faith. That's real Christianity. I love what James says. Verse 14, James 2:14. What does it profit my brethren? Though a man say he has faith and has not works, can faith save him? In other words, that's uh faith without faith without works. faith. That's just insincere faith. If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of food, and one of you say unto them, "Depart in peace. Be warm to be filled. Notwithstanding you give not them those things which are needful to the body." What does it profit? Even so, faith, if it hath not works, is dead being alone. Isn't that something? You can say all the nice words. Oh, God bless you. May God give you some food. May God warm you up. May God get you some nice shoes. I just trust may God give you a good coat someday. see you. You're you're you're dead. You're spiritually dead. You don't have any real faith. Hallelujah. And those Corinthians would sit there feasting right before communion. Man, this is some good meat right here. This is some good beef right here. Or some good lamb right here. Oh, now you know lamb is good. If you haven't had lamb lately, you're missing out. That's like fingerlicking good. But these rich people would well they'd have all their their fellowship and wa watch these poor people walk by. And Paul's got to rebuke him and said, "Hey, you're going to get sick and die. Awful things are going to happen to you if you don't clean up your life. Start looking at other people. Stop looking at yourself so much. Can't say you have faith and not look at other people's needs." Now, most of us got what we have need of here. But let this be a reminder that there might come a time where people do need things here and we need to step up and help. Praise God. Like you probably heard me say it before. If somebody asked you for $1,000, well, you don't got it. But can you give them five? Who here? No, don't. I'm not going to ask you. Raise your hand. I was going to say, who here has $5? Most people got five bucks. You could Yeah. So, in other words, let's soften our hearts to the Holy Spirit when we see people in need. See, we don't have faith. If we just say, "Oh, bless you. Bless you. Bless you." And don't do anything about it, it shows our faith isn't really strong. See, even so faith, verse 17, if it has not works, is dead being alone. Yay. A man may say, "Thou has faith and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works, and I'll show thee my faith by my works. Thou believest that there's one God. Thou doest well." The de devils also believe and tremble. Well, I believe God sent a prophet. So does the devil, right? I believe God's one person. So does the devil. Hallelujah. See, people can say all these nice things, but your actions speak so much louder than your words. Hallelujah. But what will thou, oh vain man, that faith without works is dead? Hallelujah. Musicians can come. How many enjoyed the word tonight? Praise God. I'm happy tonight. I'm happy. God has been good to us. Praise God. So, we finished the chapter. I may go back, like I said, I may preach those foreshadow four foreshadowings of communion. Now, church, before we pray, let's examine our hearts. We're going to examine ourselves because you know what? Tonight's communion, too. But it's a spiritual communion. So in your heart, you should think in my heart, I'm going to walk up here spiritually, and I'm going to remember the I'm going to remember Jesus today. I'm going to remember that he died for my sins. He shed his blood to forgive me. And I'm going to talk it over with him. And I want to be right with the Lord. How many want to be right with the Lord tonight? Praise God. It's every time. It's it's every service type of thing. Every service is our chance to talk with the Lord. Get our sincerity back and remember the people that are hurting. Put our faith into action. Praise God. Now, with our heads bowed, let's ask ourselves, are we doing our best even for church? Are we giving God our best for church? That's the first thing. And church, only you can answer that. Uh, play that pass me not a gentle That was in our chapter Psalm 73. Whom have I on earth? Heaven whom have I in heaven but thee? Are we giving God our best? We want our worship to be sincere. We want to get something out of We want to be reverent before God. Examine your heart now. Am I giving God my best? [Music] [Music]
