################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - (4-16-25) Book of Corinthians, Pt. 15 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   (4-16-25) Book of Corinthians, Pt. 15 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go6bTVL5k2A
========================================

1 Corinthians 11 verse 1. Hallelujah. For there say amen. Let's read that together. Just the first verse. One, two, three. Be ye followers of me even as I am also of Christ. Let's have one more word of prayer. You have a need on your heart. Let's just make it known to God. Heavenly Father, we thank you for tonight. Lord, we stand in all of you. Lord God, you made us happy. You've been good to us. We've been blessed. You've been so good to us, Lord. Precious to us are your thoughts, Lord, of us. And of course, the the plan of salvation. What a beautiful plan you have by the blood of Jesus Christ to forgive our sins and then fill us with the Holy Ghost, Lord. What a tremendous blessing and what a beautiful plan you've laid out, Lord God. As we come upon, Lord, this weekend with Good Friday and Easter, Lord, make it new again to it to us, Lord. Make it fresh, Lord God. Hallelujah. And may the living God show up amongst us, Lord God. We see you working amongst us, Lord, moving amongst us, Lord. Drawing uh believers closer to you, Lord God. Continue the work that only you can do, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. May you get all the glory, Father. May you be magnified, Almighty God. And we ask all these things in the name of Jesus Christ. And the saint said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. You can switch over in case you have few notes here by God's grace. So, we want to look at part 15 here. We've been uh preaching through the book of Corinthians. It's been a blessing. Took a little break there on the spirit of burning uh series, but uh that was a real blessing. I hope everybody's enjoying that by the grace of the Lord. And we look, let's look uh we'll try to finish chapter 11 here. I never know, you know, if I'll get through the whole chapter, but we'll try to get through the chapter by God's grace. So, so far we're we made it up to where the blue is there. Uh we're section six here. We're beginning tonight on the headship and the Lord's supper. That's what we're looking at here tonight in chapter uh 11. Paul goes into headship uh which means who has the authority. Praise God. And so we know the Bible says in other books that uh in Christ there's neither there's neither male nor female, Greek nor Jew. And what he's talking about is of course the value of every believer. The value of every believer is the same. Uh men are just as valuable as women and children and they're just as valuable as adults, right? We're all valuable in Christ Jesus. But in this chapter, we see the headship. This is why God has uh men ruling over the church and so forth and not women. So Paul lays it out in this uh passage. Of course, we also know why men are called to preach and women are not called to preach. Paul Paul tells us that in 1 Timothy chapter 2 as well because Eve was the first one deceived, right? That's why uh women are not allowed to preach. And so uh we see the same thing here uh as far as men rule the church. Men rule the home. Now, of course, church, they only rule by the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Praise God. And every man, every leader will make a mistake. Uh there's no perfect leader except the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. But a humble man uh is in the Bible said the humble man who's led by the Holy Ghost is in the image of God. And uh then the woman is in the image of man. Praise God. So we'll look at this here tonight and I trust it be a blessing to you. It's been quite a great series for me. I just love going scripture by scripture. I just love feeding on the word of God. Hallelujah. So uh we we've we got through the Christian liberties. uh mostly and then the warnings amongst liberties and uh we'll look at headship here in the Lord's supper here tonight by God's grace. So uh CI Scoffield uh the preacher from the 1900s early 1900s he breaks this chapter up into three parts. First Christian order of authority right and uh the sign of that authority of course is the hair that's the sign of authority for Christians. It was the same sign for Jews as well right because the same order continues from the Old Testament into the New Testament. Praise God. Uh and then uh Paul rebuked some disorder that's been happening at the Lord's table. And again, this ought to be encouraging to us that we don't have this disorder at our church. Praise God. We just had church or we just had communion a few weeks ago. Nobody got drunk at communion. Praise God. I'm talking about natural wine. Hallelujah. If you got drunk on the Holy Ghost, that's a good thing. Hallelujah. That's what we want to be. We want to be drunk on the Holy Ghost. Brother Man said, "I've been uh Brother Man said, I've been a Christian for 30 years." He said, "I've been drunk on the Holy Ghost for 30 years." Hallelujah. So it just means you're full of God's love, full of God's power, full of the joy of the Lord. Hallelujah. We struggle with that, but God always renews our strength. Hallelujah. He always re renews our joy. Praise God. And then the chapter ends of course with the order of communion and the meaning of the Lord's table as we read a few weeks ago. We'll just uh you know briefly go through that one here by God's grace. So in chapter 11 verse one was our text here tonight. We read uh Paul. He says, "Be ye followers of me even as I also am of Christ." Now, what's happening is Paul's probably continuing his thought from the previous chapter about pleasing others with what they eat and where they eat. Hallelujah. And remember, we saw how some of the Christians in Paul's time, they would actually go into these idolatrous houses and they would actually eat leftover food from a sacrifice that was to pagan gods. Now, while they were in there, there probably wasn't prostitution going on. But any other time they weren't in there, there probably was prostitution going around. So, the the equivalent for us would be like going out to a bar and trying to eat at a bar, right? Or in a what they call adult filthy entertainment, what they call those nightclubs. Uh, a Christian should not go to those places. And Paul says, don't go there. Hallelujah. Uh, don't go there. Separate yourself. He says, "You cannot drink from the cup of the Lord and the cup of devils." Hallelujah. And so he's saying, see, in other words, he's saying, "Follow me. I don't do that. So follow me because I'm following Christ." Hallelujah. That's right. Uh but we see uh the truth, there's this forever truth or this uh faithful truth that God's servants that we're to follow the servants of God in scripture. Hallelujah. So as a pastor, you're supposed to follow my faith. When I was when I was under brother Brooks, I was following Brother Brooks's faith. Hallelujah. When he was my pastor, I would look at his faith and try to model my life after his faith. Praise God. And of course, uh, no human pastor will ever be perfect. But you look at their life, you look at their testimony and you see the fruit when when you see good fruit in their life, you follow that faith. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, uh, God bless you, brothers. Good to see you today. Hallelujah. So this is this chapter begins. Of course, remember there wasn't chapters until I think if I'm not mistaken, the 17 or 1800s. They didn't even put chapters in the Bible if I'm not mistaken. I forget the year. I I heard it a few weeks ago, but then I forgot it. But chapter 10 ended by saying, "Give none offense, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God, even as I please all men in all things, not seeking my own profit, but the profit of many that they may be saved." So Paul said, "I'm going to go to any lengths just to try to save one soul." Hallelujah. In that case, he's talking, I won't go to those pagan, we say whouses or whatever they we won't go to those places in order that I might influence people to follow Christ. Hallelujah. So me, I won't go to the bars. I won't go to any place like that even to try to witness. I'll never go to those places because I want to I want to model to people that I'm a servant of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Glory. So again, we must live as Paul said, we must live our lives free from sinful offense to others. Try not to sin against others. Try to always live a life that's makes people want to serve Jesus as well. Hallelujah. Uh live. So we should focus on pleasing others that they should be saved. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Now getting back to chapter one. Now this is the second time. If you've been keeping track, the Holy Spirit kind of brought this to my remembrance. If you've been keeping track, this is the second time here that Paul says, "Follow me." Hallelujah. He said it earlier in chapter 4. Uh it was verse 15 and 16. Uh by God's grace. So I was kind of skipping a little to little ahead in my notes here. And so uh now he was talking about uh because he was the one that preached them Christ and they got saved under uh Paul's ministry. So Paul says, "Because you got saved through my preaching, follow my life." Now, I think the only ones here that maybe they got saved under my preaching was maybe my children. So, but uh if I'm your pastor, you're supposed to follow me, too. Follow my life. Hallelujah. And uh uh so, you know, we uh we look to that if if someone preached the gospel and you got saved uh under their ministry, then they begot you to Christ. Hallelujah. And then he says, "Be a follower." Which means an imitator. Right? Now, if it was my way, I would have everybody come to service when I come to service and pray at the altar when I pray to the altar. Pray at the altar. Right? Or if I pray, stop and pray after service, I would like you to pray after service, too. Right? Because we want to we all want to draw in and get a closer walk with God. Hallelujah. You know, you just look at someone's life and you look at the pastor's life or you look at the elders of the church, you look at their lives. You want to live a life uh that's pleasing unto God. You want to you want to imitate the servants of God who are serving God faithfully. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Now, this reminded me too. Paul also said, "Imitate God." Right? And that's and that's what the statute of perfect man is all about because brother Ram says and we added these words because brother Ram makes it he makes it known in the sermon in 1962. He said not just faith but it's his faith. So it's a faith of Jesus not just virtue but his virtue. Right? So when we have these anointings it's actually the spirit of Jesus Christ. It's Jesus Christ's own knowledge. It's Jesus Christ's own temperance. That's why we can have victory over our passions, right? Because we have his temperance. That's why we can be patient because we have the patience of Christ. And if we don't have it, say, "Jesus, I need your patience." Right? Jesus, I need your brotherly kindness. Jesus, I need your godliness because I can't do it with mine. I need yours. Praise God. And so, that's that's what this is essentially saying. Paul's saying, "Modle uh model your life after me because I've received his patience. I've received his charity. I've received the baptism of the Holy Ghost." That's right. Same Greek word here. Be then followers, be imitators of God. Live like God. That's quite that's quite a that's quite a standard to live up to. But Jesus said you could do it. Be therefore perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. In other words, be mature. That the perfect word perfect there means mature. I preached on it last year. I looked it up. So, we must follow God and his prophets and of course and the local pastors and ministry that God puts in our lives. And I'd even say elders. Praise God. Because the Bible said the young the older women are to teach the younger women. Hallelujah. That's right. This is why it's acceptable to preach about Brother Brandham's life experiences, how they connect to the Bible. Just like Martin Luther, John Wesley, William Seymour, we preached on him last year. What a mighty man of God he was. Faithful to the Lord. And uh and that's why you can do it because we're to follow those who have real Christian faith. Hallelujah. That's right. Now Paul says uh here says uh no I praise you in verse two. I praise you. That doesn't mean you're he's worshiping them. Right? Praise can have different meanings. Right? Now people today they say if if I said oh I praise you Malachi for how you play. Oh he's a he's a heretic. He's he's he's a devil. You know you use a word like that. But that's that's so we know better. We wouldn't use a word like that. I commend you. I I really approve of what you're doing. Thank you for doing what you're doing. Right. Brother says it giving them a a a rose. Right. Giving giving them a little rose or a wreath. Hallelujah. So Paul says, "Now I praise you, brethren, that you remember me in all things and keep the ordinances as I deliver them to you." Now Paul, the the Bible says he was there for about a year and a half, 18 months, and he taught them the word of the Lord. So this praise now, it must refer to what he's going to say next because he already baldled them out for a lot of things already earlier in the letter. He said, I just I'm going to you you remember me in all things. They weren't remembering him in all things. It was all things related to this next section on headship. He wasn't remember them about divisions. He wasn't remember them about fornication, right? Because the the the the man was sleeping with his stepmother and a lot of the church hadn't even repented of it. So he he's saying, I'm I'm letting you know, thank you for remembering me in all things regarding headship. So this was a pretty clean looking church. I might say they were pretty holy church as far as the hair that they wore. Hallelujah. The length of their hair was pretty good. And you keep the ordinances or the Greek as traditions as I deliver them unto you. Hallelujah. Now, uh later on the chapter we're going to see Paul says there's divisions and heresies. So that proves the church wasn't obedient in all things. He's talking about just about this subject of headship. Hallelujah. and church. That's how that that's how any Christian would be. You know, we we shouldn't pretend like people, you know, if if some of us aren't getting it right. Let's not pretend like you're we're getting it right in all things, but let's compliment each other on the things we are getting good. Say, "Thank you for doing this. Praise God." Hallelujah. And church, if the if they're honest, the Holy Ghost will begin working in their lives on everything else. Praise God. Remember the testimony when we recorded my wife's testimony? When we first come in the message, nobody walked up and said, "Take out that earring, Sister Christen, or take the You need to cut that hair, Brother Jesse." Nobody's had to do that. I had long hair. But nobody had to do that because we just come around, we love the word. And pretty soon, Kristen, I listened to her testimony a little while ago. She said, she looked around and one time during service, thought, "Oh, these women don't have uh earrings on. I have earrings on." What brought that thought? The Holy Ghost brought that thought. Hallelujah. Right. And I and I had the Bible study and my first question was, "Okay, so men are supposed to have short hair. So then should I cut my hair?" Brother Craig's like, "Yeah, you should cut your hair." Okay, I'll go do that. Sounds good. Who wants to cut it now? So, see, you know, uh they were a faithful church. They could obey their hair lengths, but they had a little trouble at the Lord's supper. They had a little trouble when it came to wine. Had a little trouble about eating meat and going to the right stores and restaurants. And the church said had a little trouble sexually. They had trouble with divisions. Well, well, we follow brother Jess. Oh, we follow brother so and so. We follow we just follow Jesus. We don't need any preachers. They had trouble with that. But what they got good Paul made sure, hey, you've you've obeyed me. I approve of what you've done. I praise you. You've done good with this topic. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Verse two. Let's continue here. But I would have you know that the head of every man is Christ. So they at least had headship good and hair lengths in the church. Paul I want you to know he says the head of every man is Christ. Glory and the head of the woman is the man and the head of Christ is God. So we have an order of authority. God is first invisible spirit. Christ, the body of the son of God is submissive to God. Right? All men, males are under Christ and all females are under males. That's the way God sets it up. Praise God. Now, church, let's remember that requires us men. If we're to be the leaders of the church and leaders of the home, we better make sure we're submitting to our head or else we mess up everybody else under us. Amen. If I don't submit to the Holy Ghost, I just don't mess up my wife and children. I mess up all the father the fathers here, husbands and their wives and their children. Glory. So that's why we got to pray. That's why we got to talk to the Lord. That's why we got to meditate on the things of God. Right? Spirit of burning will cause us to meditate on the things of God. Now, I just thought for a a nice review, I just quickly go over what four? Because there's four. There's woman, man, Christ, God. Four. Why four? Because four is an earthly number. And this is the earthly number regarded of headship. There's four levels of headship on earth and heaven. Hallelujah. How many remember this when I preached this years ago? Four has at least three meanings. Now, I wonder why it don't have four meanings, but I got quotes that say it has at least three meanings. Four means a double confirmation. It's an earthly number and it's deliverance. Brother Chris, I'm going to show you right now. Yeah, good question. Because there's a lot of fours in nature. There's a lot of fours in nature. Good, good, good question, brother. Yep. Uh I preached a long series on this. Jose loved it because I was using lots of quoting. He loves the quotes. I use lots of quotes on this one. So, here's where let's go over the double confirmation. Brother Ram says, "Yes, two is a confirmation because in the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established." But brother said, "But if you get four, it'll be a double confirmation. Then we ought to believe it with all of our hearts." Okay? So, four is a double confirmation. Hallelujah. Now, there's four elements of God's love. What does that show? God gives you a double confirmation. He loves you. There's a breadth which is east and and width and east and west. There's length, number of days of life. There's depth of wisdom. There's height, faithfulness that reaches to the heavens. The Bible says, there's four elements of God's love. There's a double confirmation of reward. A two-talent man receives two more. So God gives him a double confirmation that he was faithful. He got four talents. Basheba had four sons. God gave her a double confirmation. God had forgiven her of her adultery. And the church said, "God forgives sexual sins." God forgives all sins when we truly repent. Glory. God gave her a double confirmation. And then God let her write that last chapter or let her have words in that last chapter of the Proverbs 31 woman. Who's it written by? Who's this Proverbs 31 woman? Basheba. the woman that got caught up for whatever reason in adultery and uh agreed to the adultery. God lets her then write about what a true woman should be like. That's the power of forgiveness. God takes somebody that you wouldn't think maybe deserves it and God gives her grace and then God lets her understand what a real woman is. That's the love of God. The prodigal son received a double confirmation of his restoration. He got a robe, a ring, shoes, and a kiss from his father. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost has a double confirmation of his witnesses on earth. God gives us signs, wonders, miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost as a double confirmation that he's that he's with us. Hallelujah. Four women are mentioned in Jesus genealogy. So this is encourage our sisters here tonight to show God's double confirmation for the equality of male and female. In other words, God loves male and female the same. Tamar, Rahab, Ruth, Basheba, two Jews, two Gentiles. Hallelujah. In Christ, there's neither male nor female. Hallelujah. Look who he places. And these women are even in his genealogy. In other words, Jesus said, "These women are worthy to be in my family tree." Hallelujah. And if they're worthy to be in his family tree, what about you and I? Praise God. Does that make you believe you're a part of Jesus family tree? Glory. Eve was mentioned four times by name in the Bible. Perhaps as a double confirmation, she's forgiven of her heirs in Eden. Genesis 3:20, uh, Genesis 4:1, uh, 2 Corinthians 11:3, and 1 Timothy 2. The rainbows mentioned four times. See, it's a double confirmation. God's never going to flood the earth again. Satan has four titles to double confirm his identity. He's Satan, the old dragon, the old serpent, the devil. That's why a lot of you hate snakes. Philip had four virgin daughters that prophesied. Look at that. A double confirmation to his ministry. Hallelujah. Now, here's where brother said four is a earthly number. He's talking about the four beasts up in heaven and uh three of them I'm sorry, no, all of them are found on earth, right? You got the uh the lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. Where do you find all those? You find them on earth. But they represented it in heaven. Hallelujah. Let it be done on earth as it is in heaven. Four is the earthly number. There's four. On the fourth day of creation, the earthly and heavenly material was finished. The sun, moon, and stars on day four. There's four elements to the earth. I'm sorry, to the to the atmosphere. Earth, air, water, fire. There's four earth regions. North, south, east, west. There's four divisions of the day, cockcrowing, morning, evening, midnight. There's four night watches, Jesus tells us. There's four great lunar phases, cresant, gibious, waxing, and waning. There's four kinds of hearts that the word can fall on. Wayside, stony, thorny, good ground. There's four kinds of vessels on the earth. Good, I'm sorry, gold, silver, wood, earth. There's four crosses at Calvary. Uh Jesus's the saved thief, the lost thief, and Judas. There's four conditions you'll be in at the rapture. God, help us to be holy when the rapture comes. Hallelujah. You'll either be holy, righteous, filthy, or unjust. And there's four cherubams or throne guards in heaven that have earthly symbols or earthly likeness. The lion, ox, man, eagle. There's four ingredients to the uh prayer incense that goes up from earth to heaven. And I forgot to write the three down. I for some reason I didn't get to that one. There's the earthly symbol of headship. God, Christ, man, woman. The elect Jews are gathered from the four winds. Hallelujah. The four angels stand on the four corners of the earth. There was four Roman soldiers crucified Jesus, dividing his garments into four parts. Right? Mankind is divided into four groups. There's families, tongues, lands, nations. There's four gentile powers we went over two weeks ago, right? You have Babylon, Mes and Persians, Grecians, Rome. We're under the Roman rule now by spiritual Rome. Abraham battled four kings. After the victory, he had communion with Melzdc. There's four unclean animals. Camel, the hair, the conia, the hierax, and the swine. Now, that's just a picture of the hierarch. I'm not going to go through that tonight. There's four judgments upon Jerusalem in Ezekiel's day. The sword, the famine, the noisome beast, pestilence. So, earth suffered with a double confirmation. Uh, Jerusalem suffered because Israel turned their backs on God. A double confirmation that they disobeyed the word. There's four abominations. Simon preached it on when I was sick there a couple weeks ago. There's four abominations. The image of jealousy, the creeping things, the women weeping for tamuz, and uh the 25 men in the inner court. There's four kinds of flesh on the earth. The beast, the bird, fish, and man. There's four ways the body is sown and raised. It's swn in corruption, raised incorruptible. It's swn in dishonor, raised in glory. It's sown in weakness, it's raised in power. It's swn in natural body. And church, when we raise, we get a spiritual body. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Jesus had 70 uh in a four-fold prohibition. You couldn't take a purse if you were an apostle. You couldn't take a script, shoes, no saluting anyone. It was a earthly mission. There's four little things on the earth with exceeding wisdom. The ants. And they're right. They're going right now through our house. It's their time to go through our house and search out for food sources. I've been killing some of them in my house. Conies, right? Feeble, uh, with houses in the rocks. The locust, they have no king, but they go forth in bands. Spiders even live in king's palaces, and I got to clean those out of my house all the time, too. Uh, there's uh some pieces in the tabernacle where four square. Notice four square. All these all these ways that we can be forgiven on earth were represented by four square. The brazen altar, the yurum thumbum, and the altar of incense. The new Jerusalem is four square. Equal length, breadth, and height. Earthly suffering is four-fold. Church, you're going to have four types of troubles on this earth, but God delivers them from all of us. Hallelujah. Or God delivers us from all of them. Praise God. We'll get to that in second Corinthians. The Bible said God delivers us from all of these. You'll get delivered from your trouble. And the church said, "You'll get delivered from being perplexed. You'll get delivered from being persecuted. And you'll be delivered from being cast down." That's right. Four is also a number of deliverance. So those are all the reason those are some of the reasons, brother, that four is a earthly number. All those connections to earth. All right. Four is also a number of deliverance. Lazarus was raised on the fourth day. The fourth man in the fire saved the three Hebrew children. There's four stages to adoption. Thought you could go from the thought of God to flesh to the theophony to glorified body. There's four stages to Jesus manifestation. He was thought, then he was logos, pillar of fire, then became flesh, then glorified body. There's four steps to true hope. First, you must go through tribulation. Then you get patience. Then you get experience which is character. Then you get hope. Think about that. Having hope in your life is the fourth step that God wants you to attain to. I I hope I have the hope. I'm going to the rapture. I have the hope. I'm going to heaven. Praise God. Because I've gone through the other four stages. I know I'll get the fourth stage. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Adinijah received mercy in the days of Solomon because he ran to the four horns at the golden altar before God. There's four horns. Deliverance. Job's deliverance came after the fourth messenger, right? The three miserable comforters and then Elahu. Glory to God. And then Satan always imitates the number four, right? Uh God has a good number. God has a good meaning for the numbers, but then Satan comes around and perverts it. Satan has four horse riders, the riders of death. Then he has four stages in sin and temptation, lust, entice, lust conceived, uh sin, and then death. There's four insects, palmer, locust, cankerworm, caterpillar. Four men had a vow to kill Paul. All right, back to chapter 11. Nice review there for you. That's one sermon in five minutes right there. How do you like that? Now, verse four. Every man praying or prophesying having his head covered dishonors Christ. So men with long hair, there's even preachers that have long hair like dreadlocks, white preachers and black preachers, any it can be anybody. Any man who preaches with long uncut hair dishonors Jesus Christ. It's a dishonor. And actually, one of them is getting exposed right now. What's his name? Todd White's getting exposed. He does these fake uh leg lengthening routines and does all these uh pleas to get money and try to get rich and he's being exposed right now. And the guys are like, "Sue us. We we got all the evidence." Like, "Sue us, brother, Chris." Yes. Yep. That's the big one. It's almost got uh 750,000 views now. I just I listened to it this week, too. Yeah. He's got long uncut hair. I always And you know, just looking at him always something's wrong with that guy. The hair gives him away. Right. And now it's all going to come out. Oh, yeah. He said he he said he's never sinned since he got saved. Never sinned or been depressed or anything like that. Yeah. What a Yep. Exactly. What a liar. See, the truth, I'm sorry, your sins, the Bible said, are going to find you out. They can only long They can only lie so much and Jesus will expose their lies. Church, always tell the truth. Don't make something Don't make yourself something that you're not. Yes, have boldness. Yeah, have the have have confidence in God's word. But also remember how weak and frail you are. David, right? David wrote about that in Psalm 39. We looked at it. Lord, show me how show me the end of my days. Show me how frail I am that I might seek after your will for my life. Every woman that prays or prophesies with her head uncovered or with cut hair dishonors her head, her husband. For that is all even all one as if she were shaven. So just to trim the hair a little is the same in God's eyes as cutting off all your hair. It's a dishonor. And remember we read two thus sayith the Lord statements two weeks ago when brother Rod was here. A woman uh with cut hair is not born again. She cannot be dis I'm sorry. She cannot be born again and dishonor her husband in such a public fashion. Right? But Abraham says, I'm just going to skip down. He talks about how the Nazarite vow in the Old Testament was a foreshadow of the New Testament, right? Because men mostly men had Nazarite vows, but now men have to cut their hair. Now, it also fits too because they the men always had to cut their hair at the end of the vow unless they were a lifelong Nazerite. Right? Brother Ram said, "The woman that's a child of God, lets her hair grow to show that she's consecrated to every word of God. If she cuts it off, I don't care how much she dances, sings in the choir, speaks in tongues, runs up and down, has all kind of aid societies, she's dead." The same is true for a man that grows out his hair. Right? I don't care how much he runs, shouts, if he grows out his hair, he's dead. Right? And I just got a haircut Saturday, so you don't have to worry about me. Hallelujah. I just like it a little longer before it all falls out. He said, "That's thus sayith the Lord, the word of God." Now it's 1 Corinthians 11. Yeah. She has denied, we went through that, her Nazarite vow and sold out to the God of the modern age. She does it now. Shame on you, lady. You woman, goodness gracious. The word dishonor means to put to shame who suffers a repulse. And a repulse is intense distaste. So, a woman that cuts her hair causes her husband to have intense something intense distaste. Oh, that's disgusting. That's that's vile. It's wretched. A woman that cuts her hair or a man that grows out his hair, that's a distaste to Jesus, right? It's right there in the scripture. But, but people don't want they just say, "Oh, that's just for the Corinthian church." No, he says it. He says, "This is for all churches." In verse 16, this is for all churches. Now, I didn't set a timer, so you have to bear with me. I just have to use 8 o'clock as my timer. Now, again, Brother Bam says, "Now, this was such an issue, and I have I have the articles. I put it in my 2019 book. If you want a free copy, it's right out there." Um, the biggest decision in the 1920s, even up to the uh if I can't, if I remember right, up to the 50s, the biggest decision a woman had was is she going to cut her hair or not? That was the biggest decision because all he the history says her father, her husband, her brothers would all snicker and laugh or be disgusted with her. Now, of course, the sinners, they didn't care who what, you know, what would they care about? Uh, but remember even brother Rod, remember brother Rod's grandma kept her hair long, her whole life, but wrote uh I'm sorry, one of her f one of her friends wrote her a letter and said uh she had cut her hair and she felt wrong about it. That was in the 1920s. But it was such an issue. Brother said a woman that cuts her hair, a man has the right to divorce and leave his wife that'll cut her hair. That's the Bible. That's thus sayith the Lord. Too bad you got away from the oldfashioned trainings, isn't it? Okay. Now, he can leave her, but he can't marry anyone else. 1 Corinthians 7 says he's either got to remain separate or reconcile. Now, really, if the man loved her, he would stay with her because we've seen that amongst our ranks. We know numerous, my wife and I know numerous message men who married women uh and either they knew the message or didn't. They still cut their hair. their husbands stay with them. You know why? Because they love them. You know why? Because the man took a vow and said, "I'll love you and nobody else the rest of my life." And I'm making this vow not just before my family, but before Almighty God. Hallelujah. And so and and so let's go the other way. A woman who has long uncut hair would love her husband even if her husband grew his hair out and never cut it again. She'd pray, right, for him to get right with God if she really loved him. Hallelujah. Let's always make sure we balance that out. Hallelujah. Verse six, we don't have to spend much time on this. This is kind of like review up to this point. For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn. But if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn, which is cutting the hair short, cutting short hair or shaven, let her be covered. Okay? So, of course, she should be covered because it is a shame to cut hair. That's what he tells us. Verse seven, for a man indeed ought not to cover his head. He not ought not let it grow long. For as much he's the image and glory of who? God. The men represent God. All you brothers represent God. So we cut your hair because you're not under anybody's headship. You're the head, right, brothers? So because you're the head, you got to be the leader. You got to stand on God's word. Hallelujah. You're the image and the glory of God. But the woman is the glory of the man. For the man is not of the woman, but the woman came on man. Remember, where did Eve come from? She came from the rib of Adam, her husband. Where'd you come from? You come from the mind of Christ. Hallelujah. The man is not of the woman. The woman is of the man. Praise God. Neither was the man created for the woman. Hallelujah. So, see, I wasn't created for my wife in one sense. She was created for me. And I'm not trying to say that in a boastful way. I'm just saying like that's what the Bible says. Hallelujah. Now, do I believe I was created for her? Yes, I do believe that. Right? Because we're we're compliments. We're uh the Bible said Adam and Eve were really one spirit at the beginning. If we believe the Bible, your your true spouse, your spirit was one with them. Hallelujah. That's right. For this cause ought the woman to have power or that word means authority. Not that that doesn't mean dunamis like Holy Ghost power. No, it means authority. It's a different kind of a power. In other words, it means she has a a symbol of authority on her head because of the angels. Now, this has always been a striking statement, don't you think? Somebody asked me about this. was either Claude or Patrick asked me about it last summer. Which do you remember which one it was, brother? Is it Oh, it was you. Okay. Yeah. And so I looked up a quote from Brother Brand. I shared it with you. So, this might be a little refreshing for you here. Um there's actually really two strong uh applications that they actually both work. So, I'm going to say both are right. Both work. So, see uh the man was not created for the woman. This is the cause that woman has to have that long hair. Hallelujah. or uncut hair, she has to have it because she was made for the man. The man wasn't made for her. Hallelujah. And we go back to Adam and Eve. Okay, so that that's a good question. The brothers ask me, "What does this mean? Power on her head because of the angels." We got two good examples. Brother Bam gives us uh well, the first one is just the scripture and then the second one is Brother Bam's explanation. They're both excellent. Uh they they both these both work based upon Hebrews. Malachi, look up Hebrews 114. I'll have you read it. Thank you, sir. First, based upon Hebrews 1:14, some think holy angels would minister to the faithful woman who kept their headship symbol long uncut hair because the Bible said the angels uh minister to those who fear God. Well, a woman that cuts her hair, she don't fe fear God as much anymore. Okay. So, Malachi, read Hebrews 1:14. sent. Very good. So, angels are sent to the people that will inherit salvation. Now, how many of them women that cut their hair are going to go to heaven? Very few. There is a small group of foolish virgin. But remember, church, they're going to be under the altar. They're not going to be where the where the saints are. They're going to be under the altar until and I don't know what and they don't even get to live during the millennium on the earth. I'm talking about they won't be on the millennium on the earth for the millennium because they cut their hair. They dishonored. They were foolish. And the church said it's foolish to cut a hair. Foolish. She would never cut it. Yeah. She'd just have to wrap it up. Yeah. And that would be uh that would be a small reproach compared to what Christ suffered on the cross. So any suffering great question any suffering we have in this life it's tiny compared to what Jesus endured for us. Brother man does it like this. Brother said you women he said keep that long hair. He says wear he said wear your your hair like a crown. And it's a crown because Jesus wore a crown of thorns for you. Hallelujah. So look what Jesus put on his head. A crown of thorns. Now you sisters don't have to do that right now. It is a burden though to have long hair. I I know I know I know. I mean I I know I I don't know personally like by experience but I know by what my daughters and my wife tell me it's a lot of work. You got to keep up with it. It's a lot of work. But that all that work is tiny in comparison to what Jesus Christ suffered to save our souls. All right. So based upon that, how many angels are going to minister to these women that cut their hair? Few. Because few find the narrow road that leads to life. How can a woman be on the road to life if she's dishonoring Christ? Only way God would uh uh the God would wink at it is if she don't know. Like we saw, there's a time God will wink in ignorance. But once they know, then God requires them to repent. And if they get saved, the Bible said they'll be scarcely saved. They barely got saved. If they continue to cut their hair, yet they'll still pray. As long as they say that repentance at the end, they can be saved. But the Bible says it's a repulse. It's a disgusting thing for a woman to cut her hair or a man to have long uncut hair. And I mean the same for all the men that don't cut their hair. I mean the same harsh preaching on them, too. Hallelujah. You know me, right? By God's grace. Now, this seems reasonable because uh let's have uh Lydia, you got your Bible, get 1 Peter 3:17. This seems reasonable because uh so she ought to have power on her head because of the angels. In other words, uh she should have authority, she should keep the authority in her home so that angels can visit her home. So Lydia, first Peter 3:17, it's true if men don't respect their wives, angels won't hear their prayers. So, it's the same. If a woman don't respect her husband, the angels won't hear their prayers. Hallelujah. So, uh, Lydia, read that. Yeah. Should be 3:17. No, that's I got the wrong one. I got It's first Peter 3. Look, look uh look closer up in the chapter. I might It might be 3:7. might be through. Look, Peter talks about uh how women win their husbands without the word. Women don't preach at their husbands. Women live uh live the husbands a sermon. Did you see it, Lydia? By chance. I have a I must have a typo. It's seven. Yeah, I'm sorry. It's not 17. It's seven. Let me fix in the mercy. I can't fix that one. But yeah, read seven. Seven. It's seven. All right. How many can see that God won't hear a man's prayer if he mistreats his wife? Hallelujah. And so if a woman cuts her hair, you think God's going to hear her prayers? No. Right? Same thing with a man. He grows his hair out. God ain't going to hear his prayers. They're going to be hindered. Right? If it's true for men, it have to be true for women, right? Hallelujah. So, see, she has to have power on her head because of the angels. The angels will respect her prayers if she keeps her hair long. Hallelujah. All right. Glory. So, here's the quotes. Uh, Brother Patrick, these might look familiar. Brother Ram reads the verse and he says, "Any of you reading it?" 1 Corinthians 11th chapter, 10th verse. If you notice power why of the angels 1 Corinthians because the angels is the man the messenger look it's a little a again where angels are concerned of heavenly angels it's a big a capital A where it's a little a it's men angels and look what he goes on to say and look then the question came back somebody asked me some time ago I'll explain it when I'm at it he says uh I said what's an angel it's a messenger what's Paul saying now this is a different application brother says if a true messenger, an angel from God comes by, you better have long hair. He'll condemn the thing. So, Brother Ram says, basically, a preacher is going to come in and rebuke the women if they don't have long hair. So, that's Brother Ram's application. Now, do both work? Yes. Women ought to have long hair authority on their heads because the angels, the angels are going to rebuke him if they don't, just like they'd rebuke a man with long hair. Okay? So, both work. Okay? Now, I know it's a mysterious thing. Paul does. Didn't didn't Peter say Paul says some hard things to be understood. I can give a hearty amen to that. Some things are hard. He says it again in 1962. He says, "The woman wears long hair because of the angels." What is the angels? The messenger, a true messenger to the church. That's right. He'll always call it down, say, "It's wrong." See, and so forth. And the church to be so yielded to Jesus that it don't claim its own head, its own headship. All right. Nevertheless, neither is the man without the woman. Okay. So now Paul brings the balance. Like I said with my wife, I wasn't made for my wife in one sense, but yet neither uh is the man without the woman. I'm not here except for my mom. And I probably wouldn't be here if it wasn't for my wife either. She's saved my life a couple times from choking. And yeah, choking. Both choking. Choking on food and being choked by demons. Neither the woman without the man in the Lord. So see, we both we both need each other. For as the woman is of the man, even so the man also by the woman, but all things of God. Judge in yourselves, is it calmly or is it fit? Is it proper or seemly that a woman praying to God uncovered? You ever seen a woman pray with cut hair? Does that look like it's right? No. Does not even nature itself teach you that if a man have long hair, it's a shame unto him? Don't look shameful for a man walk around with long hair. But if a woman have long hair, it's a glory to her for her hair is given her for a covering. And Satan hates that verse. Satan hates that verse so much that when I shared it with the sisters and they got the victory, Satan tried to choke me that night and I couldn't breathe and God had to cast out the demons by my wife calling on Jesus. Satan hates that verse. It's the only verse in the Bible that says what a covering is for a woman. And it ain't a cap. It ain't a cloth. It ain't a doily. It's hair. Hallelujah. Glory. Now, nature teaches you because 40% of men lose their hair. We're doing pretty good in here actually with our men here by God's grace. We're in the 60% in here. Glory. Enjoy it, brothers. You never know. Now, notice also, let me go back there. The Bible says also nature also teaches the godhead. See that? Because the sun has gas, light, and heat, right? It has invisible gases, visible light, and heat, but it's still one sun. The water has three forms: solid, liquid, gas, but it's one substance. The human body is body, soul, spirit, and each of you are three persons. Wait, did I say that right? Oh, you're not. Oh, so God's not three persons. Oh, that's right. Eggs have shell, egg white, and yolk. And time has three parts: past, present, and future. It's all time. It's still time. Hallelujah. Well, let's review three for a little bit. How many like this review tonight here? It's been about seven years since I preached this, so it's been a while. Brother Ram said three is the number of life. The seeds rose up out of the earth symbolizing the resurrection on the third day just like Jesus rose on the third day. Hallelujah. The prodigal received three gifts upon his restoration. Robe, ring, and shoes as far as physical gifts. And then his dad said, "You're alive again." I'm talking about physical gifts. Hallelujah. Then he says three is God's perfect number. So we should see threes in divine perfection all over nature. We do. There's three kinds of glory. The Bible says sun, moon, stars. Three is a number of life again. Okay, I got to I got to repeat. Sorry. I got to repeat. Sorry. Okay. Nature. Solids have length, height, and width. Time, past, present, future. Relationships have three points of view. First person, second person, third person. Human capabilities are complete. You have thoughts, words, and deeds. That's all you got. But I'll say like this. That's all you need. The kingdoms of matter are mineral, animal, and vegetable. And there's three kinds of glory. As we already said, babies born in three steps: water, blood, spirit. The wheat plant has stock, tassel, grain, man's being, body, spirit, soul. The earth is purified by the flood, Jesus blood, and fire. There's three earthly witnesses: water, blood, and spirit. There's three races of men from Ham, Shem, and Japheth, the Jew, Gentile, Samaritan. Day three had all these had three things mentioned. Waters, land, and seeds. There's three bodies for believers. I ought to get an amen on this. terrestrial, celestial, and glorified. Hallelujah. Because I've got each one of them somewhere. Hallelujah. I believe it. The Bible said their their faces always behold my father which is in heaven. Hallelujah. And the Bible says if I drop this body here, I go to my eternal house made in the heavens. Hallelujah. Amen. We have an eternal home, church, a theophony body, and then we'll have a glorified body, Lord willing. Hallelujah. And what do I mean? Lord willing, we'll get the glorified if we pass on this veil. And and if our physical bodies dies, Lord willing, we'll come back and get the glorified. If we live to the rapture, we get the glorified before the theophony. Hallelujah. That's right. There's three heavens. There's earth's atmosphere or the clouds, brother says. Then there's a universe or solar system, and then there is God's throne. And then brother, yeah, there's three heavens. the Holy Spirit. Now, that's a different quote. I need to I haven't studied that one out. Brother Ram said there's three Bibles. Now, I just put the video out this week if you saw on Monday. Brother Ram said there's three Bibles, but he says he says this is just an illustration. It's not a doctrine. Let's say not ready. Brother Ram said this is not a doctrine. Brother Ram talks about the pyramid or the zodiac and he said the uh the astrologers have Virgo the virgin, Leo the lion. Brother said, "See, they're copying something from God. He said, 'But that's still not your Bible.' And the church said, I got the quote. It's Paradox 1964. Brother said, I'm not I'm not making a doctrine, but look, the enemy copies these things. Hallelujah. And church, God wrote Jesus's birth in the stars. So much so that the wise men, Hallelujah. So, we can say the gospel, the coming of Jesus Christ was written in the stars. Amen. But he said, don't look up there like you're trying to figure things out. You're going to get in the wrong camp. You're going to get in the camp of demons. Oh, what month is it? Let me check my horoscope. That's demonic. You need to check your future scope in here. Hallelujah. Don't There's no such thing as a horoscope. You check your future scope in here. This tells your future. Praise God. Hallelujah. Then, brother said, that pyramid of Giza, he said, there's seven steps to the king's chamber. Now, I haven't preached on that in years, so maybe I'll do that. It's been years. I don't remember. He said, "But there's a bride chamber and there's a king's chamber." What is all this speaking of? It's speaking of Jesus Christ is the king and the king has a bride. And the church said, "And then it's missing the headstone. It has everything except it's waiting for a headstone to come." And what does Zechariah say? The headstone is coming. It's going to be placed and it's going to be coming with shoutings of grace, grace, not law, law or not my ability or my my righteousness. None of that. It's all coming by grace. In other words, Jesus Christ is coming back for you to cap off the church. Not by your works, but by the grace of God. Hallelujah. And brother said, "Look, it's the zodiac." I'm sorry. He said, "Look, it's Enoch's pyramid." He said, "Still, that's not the Bible." He said, "Your Bible is the absolute." So, don't make the zodiac. And I'm looking at you guys, but I don't mean that. Don't make the zodiac your absolute. I know you never would. Okay? I'm just telling you for those haters that hate on me online. I'm just saying it for their sakes. Okay? Don't make En don't make uh the pyramid of Giza your absolute brother. Mercy, okay? I know you won't. I'm just saying it because of these heathens that always attack me. Now they stopped it because I stopped replying to them and I'm going to keep stopping replying to them. I'm done with them. Unless they repent, then I'll be happy. But see, don't make that your absolute. There's only one absolute. That's the word of God. Hallelujah. I'm trying to finish here. That's the quote. So, see, he talks about that. Now, in the Godhead, there's father, son, holy ghost. Uh the divine record in heaven is father, word, holy ghost. There's three attributes to God. He's all powerful, omnipotent. He's omnipresent everywhere by fornowledge. And he's omnisient, all knowing. There's perfect ceaseless worship in heaven. It goes like this. Holy, holy, holy. That's perfect worship. Hallelujah. All right, back to the chapter. I'm I don't think I'm going to finish the chapter tonight. Okay, I'll just give you a little heads up. Verse 16. But if any man seem to be contentious or argumentative about this, we have no such custom. What? Women cutting their hair or men letting their hair grow long. We have no such custom, neither the churches of God. Now, I'm not an advocate for the NIV or the ESV, but look them up. They say, "We have no other practice, neither do the churches of God." So, at least they I'll say it like this. At least they translated that verse, right? But you know what they do more? They more take away from the Bible. Right. That's what they're really guilty of, taking away from the Bible. So Paul's saying, "Hey, this is how it goes. Woman, man, Christ, God. If a woman cuts her hair a little bit, she might as well shave her head. She's dishonored her husband. If a man grows his hair, uh, he's dishonored Christ." And he said, "If anybody has arguments about it, this is the only practice we do. This is God's order. Praise God. The churches of God. This is our only order. And I'm still waiting for my accusers. And I'm still waiting for my critics. Show me one verse. God asked a woman to cut her hair. A godly woman. You'll never find it. And they say, "Well, we're we're we speak where the Bible speaks and we're silent where the Bible's silent." Bunch of liars. They don't. They say a woman can cut her hair, but the Bible says she's not to cut her hair. Hallelujah. Remember, the Bible will call them liars because if any man adds to the word of God, uh Proverbs 35 and 6 says, "Any man that adds, the plagues will be added him." And then the Bible said in Proverbs 30, "Thou shalt call him a liar at the throne of judgment for adding to the word of God." So sisters, wear that crown with spiritual pride. Not not sinful pride, but godly pride. Hallelujah. verse 17 let me see let me just go a little bit further here by God's grace uh I can get a little bit further I think now verse 17 now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not that you come together not for the better but for the worse so look again he says I'm not praising you so this help this helps you understand he said you've honored me you remember me in all things. But then he says, but then he says this, I'm not going to praise you for this. So, see, he was they was he was praising them because they kept the headship in the church and they kept the hair lengths in the church, which I could compliment our church for that too. Wonderful job, church. Let me commend you. Wonderful job with headship in the church. First of all, when you come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you, and I partly believe it. Why? Because it was written about in chapter one and chapter two. They had divisions. Well, we like this preacher. Oh, and then the house of Clo reported that this person was against that person. Divisions in the church. It ought not to be so. And I we proved it this year. If people want to cause divisions, they're going to be escorted out. Let's be unified or go find some other place to worship because you're only going to hinder the Holy Ghost if you disagree with the spirit of God. Hallelujah. That's right. That's how we have to live. That's how every church should be. It's always been that way. Hallelujah. Verse 19. For there be also heresies among you. The heresies is a man-made tenant or a man-made doctrine that they which may which are approved may be made manifest among you. Okay? So God allows heresies to rise up in churches in order to prove who's the true believer, who's not a true believer. Hallelujah. And let let's just let's just review. I I got nine nine easy ones to see. Uh I'm sorry. I had eight, but I I meant to put nine. The Bible says there are doctrines of devils. In 1 Timothy 4:1, the spirit speaks expressly or exactly that in the latter time some some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils. So when people make these doctrines like you got to believe this and this is how we do it, they've actually made a devilish doctrine. The first one is mandatory celibacy. Of course that's mostly the Roman Catholic Church. The second one is you have to be a vegetarian. You can't eat meat, but now it's eat anything and eat all kinds of food even if it ain't food, right? And food easily becomes an idol. And gluttony is of course uh rebuked all down through the Bible, right? Well, I'm sorry. I shouldn't say all down through, but it's rebuked especially in the Old Testament. All through the Old Testament was a better way to say that. I don't think it's mentioned too much in the New Testament as far as my memory. So, it's a devil thing to say you can only eat vegetarian. It's a devil thing to say preachers can't marry. It's a devil doctrine to say the rapture already happened. And did you know there's a false preacher that went into Junction City Church, our Junction City friends, recently and said, "We're living in the millennium and the brother said, "We're not having you back again." Good on Brother Irvin. He wouldn't let that devil come in. Neither will we. Praise God. Can you If this is the millennium, my goodness, I'm still waiting to do my building. If this is the millennium, I need to build some houses. Hallelujah. I'll wait till that I'll wait till that skill comes. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Pretty well-known one. Yes, that's right. But yeah, it's it what is it? It's a seducing spirit. Somehow a seducing idea came in there to try. Now there usually is related to lust that that preacher has some now I believe I haven't searched it out but I I could search it out by listening to the sermons and figure out what they gave into. Usually it's money, women or popularity. Those are the three things that get preachers. Money, women, popularity or all three sometimes. Brother Chris. Wow. Right. Good. Yeah. You can go sit down. Good, brother. Yes. Good. Yes. That's the antichrist. Yes. Paul said, "No, John said there's many antichrist already going out into the world, and that was 2,000 years ago." Good, brother. So, anyone says we're in the millennium. Anyone the says the rapture already happened, that's the devil. You know it right away. That's the devil. Number four, when they say you don't have to fast, uh, that's of the devil. Hallelujah. Right? And that's that's one thing we had we had some really good church members for a while, but that's the one thing they never could get the victory of. And and they knew they were condemned on that. And that's why they that's one reason they stopped coming to church because they they wouldn't fast. And it and it and it I mean that was just that was just the fruit of all these other sins that was in their life. Bad parenting, uh worldliness, loving sports, loving the world, watching sports instead of coming to church, not coming to church uh because a family's in town. That's the time you need to come to church is when your family's in in town. You need to show them who's your God. Hallelujah. Jesus is your God. Hallelujah. Number five, turning grace into lasciviousness. Almost every mega preacher does this, right? Especially Joe Ostein. He don't even preach on homosexual. I don't preach. He never even mentions sins from the pulpit. Uh it's the same thing. Once saved, always save her. Everyone will go to heaven. Universalism. That's of the devil. God always wants you healthy and wealthy. That's from the devil. Now, does God want to heal the majority of time? It looks like it is for most people. But what about the people that don't get healed? Like people in wheelchairs, paralyzed people. What about them? See, God doesn't always want to heal the physical body, but he always wants to heal the soul if the person's willing. Yes. Yes. But it's a doctrine of a devil to say God always wants to heal. In every case, that's the devil. presuming, now this is mine because I got scripture for it. They're arguing who is the greatest. Presuming and exalting Brother Brandham and his followers and even message believers today are the greatest of all time. I believe that's a doctrine of a devil because people are exalting themselves. Don't ever talk about how good you are, church. And if you're honest, you wouldn't have much to say if you did start doing it. Amen. Where'd you get that power? Where'd you get that ability anyway? You just wake up with one someday said, "Well, I'm gonna I'm really going to do something good today. I think I think I think I I think I can do it." My goodness, church, we have nothing to brag on. The B I love it. Paul says, "I got one thing to boast on. I can boast on Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. Jesus came to save me and forgive me my sins. Jesus pulled me out of the miry clay. Hallelujah. He set my feet on the rock to stay. Hallelujah. And then when they say rapturing faith is literally on the tape. So that means rapturing faith is on my phone because I got all the tapes on my phone. My phone's going to be raptured. See? See what See what they lie. See what they lie. That's their lying. They still do it today. It's It just got worse. It's just got worse. I'm going to make a video on it pretty soon, Lord willing. I can't I can't sit still. I I can't stay quiet. I got to I got to rebuke it. If God gave me a platform to do it, I'm going to do it by God's grace. And the last thing, they make a tradition out of Brother Ram's life. In other words, Brother Ram watched, I think, two or three movies and so, oh, I can watch every movie I want. No, you can't. That's a devil telling you that. The Bible says, "I will set no wicked thing." And even if Brother Ram did watch it and there was some bad content, how do we know he didn't turn his head? How do we know he didn't repent if he did see it? We know he would have repented because he was a Holy Ghost filled Christian. Hallelujah. But you know what? They did the same thing to Moses, right? The Pharisees. Jesus said, "Don't think that I'm going to accuse you. There's one that accused you, even Moses in whom you trust." Think of that. Moses is going to come up and accuse all these Pharisees and Sadducees because they said they believe Moses, but Moses wrote to Jesus. That means brother Brandham is going to accuse a lot of people that said they believe he was a prophet of God because they disobeyed God's word. That's right. Had you believed Moses, you would have believed me for he wrote in me. But if you believe not his writings, how should you believe my words? And that's where brother said it. He said like the prophets prophets come. What do they do to the prophets? God sent the prophet and you kill him, put him in a tomb. Exactly. And then about another generation, you wake up and realize that was a prophet. And what do you do? You garnish his tomb. What do you do? Make a tradition out of his life. Now, I just said we follow we we use stories from Brother Am's life. We do. We use Paul's life. We use Peter's life. We use John's life. We can use all these men's life. But we don't make a tradition out of it where I have to do everything they did. Oh, because brother made a mistake to the IRS. Well, I can make a I can lie to the IRS because he did. That's making a tradition out of his life, right? Because brother Ram uh catered to his mother-in-law. Well, I can I can compromise to my mother-in-law because brother Ram did. Now you've just sinned and made a you made a tradition out of his life. We don't have any license to sin. That's one of the other doctrines of a devil's. You turn grace into a shibiousness. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. And I'm almost done here. Let let me finish this section. Yes, the heresies prove who is the true believer. That's why when these false doctrines rise up, it's actually we shouldn't get discouraged. We should actually say, "Well, praise the Lord. We're going to find out who's the bride." We're going to find out because that's what false doctrines do. They show who's a true believer, who's the who's a false believer. Hallelujah. And even as I was falsely accused this year of uh of uh I was accused of the scripture about Nathan and David has nothing to do with with anything that I was accused of. That's a false AC application of a scripture. That's a heresy to use that for song leading when it's not song leading. It's adultery. That's right. Hallelujah. And the church knows God gives us witnesses. Hallelujah. like through brother McBride. Hallelujah. See now we want everyone to repent. I would accept any repentance. I you would accept it. I we love we want everybody to repent. But we got to stand when the when the test comes. You got brother say you got to pass the word test. Hallelujah. Take everything back to the word. The true believers will stand upon the true revelation of God's true word. Hallelujah. That's right. See, heresies manifest who is who among us. When you come together therefore into this place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper. He says verse 20, for in eating everyone taketh before another his own supper, and one is hungry, another is drunken. Look how they come to communion. You got people that are so poor they're so hungry. You got other people that are drunk. So you got people that are like starving their stomachers. Yeah, I really want to take communion. You got people sloshing around because they're drunk. What a disgrace to the name of Jesus Christ. That's this kind of church. And yet they had their hair length right, church. What? What? Doesn't matter if your hair is right. If you get drunk, it don't matter. Hallelujah. The Bible said God wants us to live by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. Hallelujah. All right, we're going to last verse 22. What? Have you not houses to eat or drink in or despise you the church of God? Why would you come to church like that? He says, "You're bringing a reproach upon the church of the living God." And he says, "Why would you despise?" See, when people sin publicly like that, it shows they despise the word of God. It's just like the Bible said about David. When David committed adultery, the Bible said he, Nathan said, "Why did you despise the command of God?" See, in order to sin something like that, you have to despise the truth in order to do evil. Everybody with me now. Yes, it could be a complex. Yes. But it's definitely a devil oppressing someone's human spirit. And that person's human spirit is not right with God. It's oppressed by an evil spirit. They're caught in a snare. And the church said, "That's right. And it brings shame." He says, "And shame that have not." So why do these drunk people shame the poor people? What shall I say to you? Shall I praise you for this? I praise you not. So see there's a time you can praise people on this but then if they do public things you said I I no I don't praise you on this. I I shame you for this. And the church said well that's a nice way to end the sermon. Let's raise our hand. Let's stand here. Let's stand. Musicians can come. See, the thing is people people don't even really know what's in the Bible. Sometimes their sermons are so uh so missing the Bible, they don't even know what's written in here. Sometimes they just tell you Jesus loves you. God loves you. God wants to heal you. God wants to forgive. He's a supernatural God. Yes, he is. He can do miracles. Yes, he's a miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. He's all that. But once once once we have that, once we've been blessed, now what else does it say? Are we living our life in a way that honors the Lord Jesus Christ? Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads here tonight by the grace of the Lord. Praise God. I would like, you know, since we have uh this is one of those special nights. We have a lot of men here tonight by God's grace. I think last Sunday we or last Wednesday, we hardly had any brothers here, right? It's just a special night to have some brothers here. I want to have a special prayer for the brothers in a moment. I'm going to invite you all up and we'll pray for each other that God will make us real leaders. I need God's I need your prayers, church. I need the prayers of the brothers. I want to be a better leader. And then the sisters will come up and the sisters can pray for each other as well that they'll be submissive. Think about that, church. On the day of judgment, I have to answer, did I lead these brothers the right way? I have to I have to stand before the Lord Jesus. I Ben came in here and he stood right before it Lord and he had a talk with the Lord on Sunday. That was very symbolic. That's what we're all going to do. I'm going to stand here like this maybe with my head down and he's going to the Lord's going to ask me what did you do as a leader and I want to say I preached what Paul preached. I didn't compromise on the word of God. when heresies rose up, when thing when questions rode up, my my my desire was to point the people back to the word of God. And when I went home, I tried to love my wife and children like Christ loved the church. And I tried to give my life. I tried to sacrifice some of my time for my wife and my children to show them how much I love them. Praise God. No, I'm not perfect, but I need your prayers. Hallelujah. And I want to pray for my brethren, too. Let's have a word of prayer here before we invite the brothers up. Father God, we thank you for tonight, [Music] Lord. Lord, I'm so thankful to see these brethren here tonight, Lord. And I understand they work a lot, Lord. I understand it. All of us have schedules, Lord God. But I thought, how fitting, Lord, now as the Holy Spirit hears bringing this down to a close, how fitting we can have all these brethren here, Lord God. Lord, if you Terry, these young men are going to raise up and be husbands and fathers and they will lead a home and then they will answer because they're in the image of God. Hallelujah. Lord God, help me to be like Christ to my wife. Help me to be like God to my children. Lord, help me to be like you, Lord Jesus. I'm not all the time. I know that I need your grace, Lord God. How I need it, Lord Jesus. Every day, every [Music] hour, Lord. And I recognize I have to stand before the Lord Jesus. Lord, I have to stand before you and answer. How did I lead the the church? How did I lead my family, my sons? Oh God, may I honor you above all things, Lord God. Lord, before we pray, forgive us of any sins, Lord God. forgive us of any unrighteousness, any iniquity. Thank you that you forgive all of our iniquity, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Forgive us of our sins, Lord God, especially our brethren. Make us real leaders, Lord God. Give us a backbone for the word of God, Lord. When heresies rise up, give us strength to stand upon the word. As I was telling brother Austin, I think last week, the Lord anointed him so much to discern a situation perfectly. And I I recognized I said that's the Holy Ghost able to discern between good and evil. [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus for your mercy and [Music] grace. Lord we want to lead like you because we are in your image Lord God. Oh God we need your help. Our sisters need help. Lord, we first want to pray for the
