################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - (5-28-25) Corinthians, Part 19 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-29
Title:   (5-28-25) Corinthians, Part 19 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD9ADGuKX48
========================================

I'm going to just try to quickly go through these three here tonight and then begin hopefully chapter 12 by God's grace. Let's read uh 26 11:26 please and then we'll just uh get right into the word of God. How you doing sir? Feel good by God's grace. Feel better. Thank God sir. Hallelujah. 11:26 there. 11:26. Praise God. So, as we looked at a few weeks ago, there's numerous things. There's examination in here. There's blessing and fellowship and so many things that are part of communion. I want to read 26 because the first one we'll look at is the Passover lamb in Exodus 12. But let's read 1 Corinthians 11:26. There we can read that one together. Ready? One, two, three. For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do shu the Lord's death till he come. Let's have one more word of prayer if we can. Father God, thank you, God, that we're marching to Zion. And it's all because of the cross, Lord God. Through the cross, we've seen the light. Hallelujah. It's opened our eyes to the truth of the word. So grateful for that, Lord. And as that song said, Lord, nothing could repay the debt of love we owe. That's why it's going to take an eternity, Lord God, for us to express our love to you, Lord God. My mind can't comprehend eternity. But Lord, I can see how it's going to take eternity to express all of our love for such a great God as you are, Lord God. So, we love you, God. We worship you today. Stir our faith up here tonight, Lord. Strengthen us by your grace as we work through this book, Lord. We want to preach what Paul preached, Lord God. We know that's what the voices said beyond the curtain of time. Lord, when uh Brother Brandham went be behind the curtain, Lord God, uh Lord, we're they're resting on the fact that brother Brandham preached exactly what Paul preaches. So, we're thankful for a prophet who restored the word, point us back to the word of God today, we'd say. So, Lord, we seek to know that more, Lord. Apply it to our lives by your grace and mercy in Jesus Christ's name. The saints said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated there. Praise God. All right. So uh f let's uh start here. Let's go to Exodus 12 verse one. So we've gone through two uh foreshadowings. Good to see brother Mercy feeling better brother. Hallelujah. God bless. Well you and Austin are doing better. So is Jen. All three that were sicker now back here. So thank the Lord for that. I have a few slides here. Uh let's go to Exodus uh 12 verse one. We'll just read the first 14 verses here and just look at the types and the shadows you can see of the Lord's supper. Praise God. And I put on the calendar out there, we'll have the Lord's supper there the first weekend in June or July rather uh by God's grace. So we look forward to that. As we know every opportunity uh to go to the house of the Lord is a spiritual communion. Praise God. So Exodus 12. And did anybody see the uh the flood of cares of this life coming this week? And my my my job was really busy. You know, we preached on the flood, you know, on uh Sunday with the flood, the natural and the spiritual. The enemy comes in like a a flood, but I found this too. The spirit of God raised a standard against it. Praise God. So, we're thankful for that. Hallelujah. Exodus 12:1. So, here this is a foreshadowing of uh the communion. And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt, saying, "This month shall be unto you the beginning of months." This was either end of March, early April because it changes as the the patterns change of the moon and so forth and the time it takes for the sun to get around I'm sorry the earth to get around the sun. Here it says it shall be the first month of the year to you. So this started a new spiritual year uh by God's grace. And then we can see what does communion start for us? A new time to serve God. Hallelujah. Feel like everything's fresh, everything's forgiven. We feel like we have a new start with the Lord. That's why communion is so special. Praise God. Verse three, speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the 10th day of this month, they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for an house. So, one lamb for the house. And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls. Every man according to the eating shall make your count for the lamb. Your lamb shall be without blemish. We know Christ was without blemish. Hallelujah. A male of the first year, he shall ye shall take it out of the sheep or from the goats. And ye shall keep it up until the 14th day of the same month. And the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. Now, if you stop right there, it was killed on the 14th at the evening time. That's exactly the day Jesus died. Scholars say that uh as as Jesus was dying on the cross there in the temple, the priests were offering the sacrificial lamb for Passover at exactly the same time. So you had the ant you had the type uh in the temple, the type and then you have the anti-ype Jesus Christ dying for sins. Praise God. Isn't God perfect with his timing? Hallelujah. His types and shadows are just perfect. And yet most of them are blind. Most of most of them are shouting crucify him. Crucified him. But there it was. God's provided lamb. Amen. God's provided lamb right there in front of them. And they missed it. Thank God we haven't missed it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's right. Now verse uh go down there. Verse seven. And they shall take of the blood and strike it upon the two sideposts and on the upper door of the houses wherein they shall eat it. So it's got to have at least three supposed to have right three stripes, right? Like justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, right? And then the house is cleaned out. Hallelujah. The house will be protected. The death angel, spiritual death can't get to the house because of the blood. Hallelujah. The token, the token's been applied. It's a public display, right? It's a public display of the life of God. That's why brother Ram uses this text for the token. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. If you want to leave Egypt, you got to have the token. Hallelujah. If you want to leave this world in the rapture, got to have the token. Amen. Beautiful type here. Ain't it a beautiful type? Hallelujah. Bye. And then he says verse 8, now here's where we get to the the archetype. And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire un and unleaven bread and with bitter herbs they shall eat. So again, we see the bitterness of this as well. In other words, it's an examination time, right? Sometimes it's not so pleasant. If we're going through battles or struggles or difficult times of life, communion can be a bitter thing too because we we've gone through things. It's been difficult or maybe we're struggling with individual battles in our lives and it can seem like such a bitter thing. But it's also good to remember Jesus died a bitter death for us. Hallelujah. But here we have the first uh uh the first point about eating. So it's eating in this night, right? Roasting with fire. Unleaven bread speaks of course of the Lord Jesus who was unleavened. No sin on the Lord Jesus. But it also tells us we need to confess our sins, right? And the time of communion. So we get this. We get all these ideas tying together, right? Hallelujah. This is all pointing to the future communion. Hallelujah. And remember Moses was 1500 years before Christ. And then from Christ to us is 2,000. So 3,500 years ago, God is showing us what we need to be doing in this hour. Amen. Having communion. Hallelujah. Verse N. Eat not of it raw, nor soden at all with water, but roast with fire, his head with his legs, and with the pertinence thereof. And ye shall let none nothing of it remain until the morning. That's why when we have leftover communion, I share it with the brethren. And that which remainth of it until the morning, you shall burn with fire. And thus shall ye eat, I'm sorry, eat it with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand, and you shall eat it in haste. It is the Lord's Passover. Hallelujah. So, look how you eat it. You look you you got to eat it with some haste. You got to eat it quickly, right? Because we're getting ready to leave. Hallelujah. You got to eat the word quickly because we're ready to go on a journey. We're leaving Egypt. Praise God. Right? In fact, we're leaving this night. So they had to have all the sin out and they got to be ready to move. Loins gerta means you're ready to move. You're ready to travel long distance. Praise God. And church, isn't that what we do? We have communion. We got to go right back out in the world. Keep traveling. Hallelujah. Right. Don't get tired. Don't stop. We're leaving this world one day or another. Praise God. One day or another, this will be our final communion that we have naturally, right? And then we'll move on to the next life. Hallelujah. So, we can see all these beautiful foreshadowings here. Verse 12. For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man the beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. I am the Lord. And the blood shall be to you for a token. That's right. Upon the houses where you are, and when I see the blood, I will pass over you. Oh, thank God. I Oh, may may God see the blood of Christ on my life today. Hallelujah. That's more that's what I want more than anything, right, Brother Claude and Patrick? I that's what I want. I want Jesus to see his blood on me. Hallelujah. How do I know it's on me? Because his words in my heart. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. Now, uh, verse 14. And this shall be unto you for a memorial. See, again, this is a memorial. That's what this is. That's what communion is for us. It's a memorial. We're remembering what Jesus did. Hallelujah. And then Israel was going to remember what God did bringing them out of Egypt. Praise God. Hallelujah. And you shall keep it in a feast to the Lord throughout your generations. You shall keep it a feast by an ordinance forever. So who is this really for? This is to honor the Lord. This when we have communion, it's to make sure we're living lives that are worthy of the gospel. Unleaven lives. Hallelujah. We're eating on the word of God. All right. So now let's go to the fourth one. The covenant meal. Exodus 24:8. So we're still in Exodus. So remember the ten commandments were given in chapter 20 there on Mount Si. 21 we're given the law uh different laws here and 22 and 23 more laws. And here we get 24. This is the order of worship uh pending the building of the tabernacle. We're going to go to verses 8 through 11. And Moses took the blood and sprinkled it on the people and said, "Behold, the blood of the covenant which the Lord had made with you concerning all these words." So, did you catch that? When they were joined to the covenant, they had to be sprinkled with blood. The blood actually had to be on you. So, first it had to be on your house, then it's got to be on you. Amen. I like that. Amen. Let the word of God be on my house, and then let the blood be on me as well. Hallelujah. just let everything in my life be covered with the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. And remember, I don't have I I think the verse is uh just hold your place there, but I think it's uh second Peter chapter 1 where the Bible said we're sprinkled. Now, it's just coming to me now because I preached the waters of separation where we're sprinkled with the blood of Jesus. Peter says, so Peter picked up this type here. So, let me see if I can get that. Second Peter, I think it's second Peter chapter 1, right at the beginning of the book if I'm not mistaken. No, maybe it's first Peter. Oh, yes. Thank you, hun. Great job. Thank you. Yeah, I was it right chapter, wrong book. Thank you. Awesome. Yes. Very good. Huh? Yep. Verse two. elect according to the fornowledge of God the Father through sanctification of the spirit unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ. Grace unto you and peace be multiplied. Hallelujah. So the first time they were joined the covenant, they were sprinkled by the blood in the Old Testament. What does the Bible say? Peter says that's happened also in the New Testament. You're sprinkled with the blood of Jesus Christ. In other words, when you first become a Christian, God identifies you. He puts his spirit on you. Praise God. Remember we talked about that you you are led by the spirit. As soon as you're saved, as soon as you have faith, you're sprinkled, right? Sprinkled by the blood. You're his. You're joined to the covenant. But what does God do? Is God done with you? No. He's taking you to the promised land. Hallelujah. You're not going to stay at Mount Si. You're going to keep traveling and you're going to cross over Jordan. Hallelujah. And love is the charity or love is the crossing over into Jordan. Praise God. But see, there's a spiritual sprinkling, right? And we kind of get that idea of also the water with water baptism. So see how there's a connection there, sprinkle, but not with blood, physical blood, but with the Holy Spirit. Praise God. We also have the water connection with water baptism. All right. So we see the overlapping here. Verse 9. Then went up Moses and Aaron and Naab and Abaiu and the 70 of the elders of Israel, and they saw the God of Israel, and there was under his feet as it were a paved work for a sapphire stone. Oh, that same picture there in heaven in the book of Revelation and the book of Ezekiel. Hallelujah. And as it were the body of heaven in his clearness. And I'll go to 11. And upon the nobles of the children of Israel, he laid not his hand. Also they saw God and did eat and drink. So again, we get this idea here where uh the people are sprinkled, right? But then the leaders go up to God and they eat and drink with God. another opportunity of communion with God. Hallelujah. So, we have Abraham twice. Uh we had uh the Passover meal, all of Israel, and now here you have Moses, Aaron, and the leaders. They go up, they eat and drink to have communion with God. Like I told you a few weeks ago, if God would do anything with you, what do you want to do? He didn't want to eat with you. He want to share a meal with you and fellowship, right? Sit down and eat and fellowship. That's what God wants to do and that's what God does with us every day when we fellowship with God. Hallelujah. We get to talk talk to our Lord. Hallelujah. Now the fifth and final one was the bread of his face. So let's go to numbers 4:7. This is what I wrote my second book on. Um these numbers have to mean something. And then when I went and counted there was 12 12 uh doctrines that are called mysteries in the New Testament. There's 27 verses that say mystery in the New Testament. 12 of them are actual doctrines and teachings. So we can see it plainly here in the word. So numbers 4:7 and the Bible calls this the bread of his face in the Hebrew 47. And upon the table of shoebread they shall spread a cloth of blue and put thereon on the dishes and the spoons and the bowls and the covers to cover with all. and the continual bread shall be thereon. I'm not going to spend a whole lot of time on this, but I just want to show uh Oh, yeah. There's the verse right there. The picture again. I just pulled them up here. I had this ready for Rod because I don't know if how familiar he is with this, but there's the 12 loaves, six on one side, six on the other. I'm not going to read this, but Brother Brand talks about how his message is these fresh uh pieces of bread. And that's why I put all these quotes together. These have to be the mystery doctrines because that's what we feed on the word of God, right? So, I just put these all together. You can look at it. The unveiling of God. Yeah. 1964, June 14th, morning service. He just goes through it, lays it out. Then he ties in with Revelation 10, right? All the mysteries of God are finished. There's 12 mysteries. Praise God. I don't know how people don't see it, but anyway. And then that's what there's the simple definitions of each one. I preach those to you. But I just want to again show you it was right in there, right? And these three realms represent the three parts of man. Uh in the na in the natural you had the blood and water out here. Blood, water, you had candlesticks, which this shows the church, you're the light of the world, right? Light is knowledge. You have prayer. And then you have the bread or the uh the mysteries of God. In the holies of holies, you have the the law, the mana, and the rod. Okay? And I just did a bit bigger picture there to see those things. Okay? Now, I'm not going to go through that. We know how man's three parts. Uh I think I'm going to pull this up there. Yeah. So for Israel it was natural but for the believer we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have sanctification the holy place by the knowledge, the word and prayer. Okay. So knowledge is the candlesticks and the word is the bread. And then the outer court you had justification which was water baptism. Praise God. And the sprinkling of the blood. Right. Hallelujah. That's right. So it's a beautiful picture here. And so every service I was showing this, you know, I've been a couple years since I preaches, but every service we remember Jesus' blood sacrifice, substitution, and death. We got to confess all sins out here with the waters of separation before you can even get in here. Confess all your sins before church, right? Then you can enjoy the blood. Then you can enjoy the the death of Christ and be thankful for it. Then when you get into the human spirit, you get the oil and light, the bread of mysteries, the incense of prayer, and then the communion with God, talking with God is right there in the soul. Praise God. Happens in the soul. Hallelujah. Thank God. Now, the last one, the fifth one is Psalm 41:9, church. This one's not uh very fun to talk about, but what we see is that sometimes at communion, we're betrayed at communion, which means people will take it, but their lives are still dirty. And we've just seen it recently in our church because people can take communion and be unrepentant of sin. Right? 41 verse9. Yay. My own familiar friend in whom I trusted which did eat of my bread hath lifted up his heel against me. Now I'm not calling anybody Judas a scar, but I'm just saying this happens at the table. If people don't take into consideration the scripture, if they don't examine themselves, then they'll partake of communion with the wrong heart. Hallelujah. We got to have pure hearts when we partake of communion. Hallelujah. Right. And every tree is known by its fruit. Hallelujah. That's right. So, in other words, as time passes on, we all get to see the fruits of everybody's actions. Well, what happened since this happened? What happened since that happened? We all get to see who had the real fruit of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Who took communion and has uh the right fruits of the spirit now that they've taken it. Hallelujah. So, we're thankful for that. Praise God. Now, those are the five uh and I did that last week. Okay. Now, I'm going to switch over here. Uh go to 1 Corinthians 12:1. I just pulled up some old notes. I haven't preached this on for six years. I haven't preached on this on the gifts of the spirit. So, I want to preach I wanted to get to that today by God's grace. Awesome. We've been talking about the gifts. So, I thought I because of that, I thought this would be inspired. Hallelujah. Uh 1 Corinthians 12. And because you know what happened with my wife and the the C-section, I felt like one of the midwives had a word of wisdom for us. I felt like because I was praying those whole uh all those days I was praying the two days of the and just asking God for wisdom and understanding. And then my wife even testified it too. We felt like our the 80year-old midwife gave us a word of wisdom. It was really really wonderful. And how do you know? because you judge the fruits of it. What happened with that word? You look at it. Was it the good fruit or bad fruit? That's right. 1 Corinthians 12:1. All right. So, we finally got out of chapter 11. Hallelujah. Glory. Verse one. Now, concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant. Now, it's really it's really important because uh we're going to see here in chapter 14. We see why it's so important not to be ignorant. If you're ignorant of spiritual things, then you put all the emphasis on unknown tongues. That's what they were doing. But Paul's got to say, "No, no, no, no. You have at least three, three at the most." And then they got to have interpretation. See, if you don't have uh if you're ignorant of it, you're just going to have a lot of confusion. Right? Now, our our church, of course, doesn't have a lot of those operating at this time, nor have we ever had a lot operating. But that's not what's uh part that that's not the requirement to be a Holy Ghost fil believer to have the gifts operating all the time. Right? We let them operate when God wants to operate them. Praise God. Right? Hallelujah. And we know tongues is the least of the gifts. Hallelujah. But when people think of gifts, they automatically think tongues, but it's actually the least of the gifts. And wisdom is needed first to judge all the other ones. Hallelujah. And then we know, of course, there's a time and season for all gifts. Hallelujah. And then we also know, I can't add one gift to my stature, nor can you. But what we can do is put ourselves in position of the Holy Spirit and then let God use us at the right time and season. Hallelujah. Amen. 12 verse two. Ye know that ye were Gentiles carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led. So don't be ignorant of gifts. used to be just led away with dumb idols. Verse three, wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God calleth Jesus a curse. So nobody can curse Jesus uh by the Holy Spirit. Okay? You can't say Jesus cursed by the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit won't say that. Hallelujah. And that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. Okay. Now, with this one, Brother Bam says what that means is a Holy Ghostfilled person because anybody any any church member can say, "I believe Jesus is Lord." Right? But that doesn't mean they're born again. Brother Bam says, I read before the service, Brother Bam says, "This is speaking of someone who's born again." Hallelujah. Because even the devils, that's even the devils know Jesus as the holy one. Right? But here the Bible says man. Right? But then Jesus said many will say Lord, Lord, right? Right? And he'll say, "I never knew you." Okay? So, there's a balance here. What Paul's saying, he's talking about spiritual gifts. Hallelujah. Glory. Now, verse four. Now, here's what I put up here. I want to put the Greek definitions up here to kind of give an understanding, a little bit deeper understanding. Now, there are diversities of gifts, but the same spirit. So, diversities means differences. There's differences of gifts. So, there's nine different ones, right? That's what he's going to explain. Now, before the church, can you imagine before he wrote this, none of the churches knew how many gifts there were, right? Who knew? I didn't know. If you read the Old Testament, how many gifts could you come up with? I don't know. Probably nine. But you I mean, they're not laid out like this here. There Paul lays them out beautifully by the uncction of the Holy Spirit. So, for us, yeah, it's common knowledge. How many gifts? Nine. Oh, yeah. That's for us. That's not that that's easy because we've had the Bible for our whole lives. But now Paul's going to say there's not just one gift. There's actually nine gifts. Hallelujah. Now verse five, there are differences of administrations but the same Lord. Okay. So there's different administration means services. There's different kinds of services regarding these gifts. Okay. For example, uh which one serves the most people in the church? Prophecy. Remember that's what Paul said in chapter 14. Prophecy serves to benefit everybody because everybody hears it. Thus sayith the Lord, this is going to happen. It comes to pass. Oh my, God's among us. Hallelujah. That's a rare thing, but for us it's dreams, right? A lot of times for us was it's dreams. Hallelujah. Or even a word of faith like we have with sister Naomi, right? Told us what was going to happen before it happened. And there's a lot of things that could have happened that didn't happen. Hallelujah. See, and that benefits everybody to know that God's among us. Hallelujah. Now, but in a tongue that that would serve if it's just for one person, that will really edify that person, but that might not edify me if I didn't speak in the tongue. So, you see how it serves different purposes. More people are edified, fewer people are edified, but we need all the gifts. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Verse six. Now there are diversities of operations or working but it's the same God which workketh all in all. Okay? So they work differently. Now brother Ram tells us this. He says a man like or Roberts would have bulldog faith and you if you ever go watch one of his videos he sits on a chair right at right at the right at the pulpit at the platform and he sits on a chair and these people come up one at a time and he takes their head like their forehead and he goes like this with bulldog brother said bulldog faith. Right? And they had great testimonies. He had a lot of wonderful testimonies. Brother said he had bulldog faith and he's yelling and and and rebuking Satan with a loud voice. And yet, brother Ram would go up and just lay hands on Satan. Satan, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Get your hands off of God's property. Satan, I adjure thee by the the blood of Jesus Christ. Both have good testimonies of healing, but it's a different way it works. The church said, "Hallelujah. How about the How about the the dots in the hand? Wasn't that different? That's a different kind of a work. Hallelujah. How about How about David playing his harp and then the evil spirits are cast out of Saul. So singing, right? Some of them work through singing. How about David? And not only that, David singing and then he says, "My God, my God, there's prophecy working through songs." Amen. Hallelujah. So see there's different services who it serves and there's different way it works. Hallelujah. Some people will get Yeah. Some people get the dream. Some people just get a like a a faith will drop on them and they'll just speak it. I know it's going to happen. How about speaking the word, right? Speaking to the mountain. It works a different way, doesn't it? For for the times it's happened in my life, I haven't thought about it. I've just spoken to it. But when I'm thinking about it, then I don't speak it because I know that's my thought, not God's thought. Hallelujah. That's one way I know. If I'm thinking about it and I and I'm wondering, Austin, do I say it or not? You know, Lord, do I? Then I don't. I want to get caught up in the spirit so that I'll just flow out. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, each person has to find uh which gift they have, right? which are the different ones, how many people it's going to serve and then how it's going to work as well. Okay, same God works in all. Isn't that awesome? God can work through oral Roberts, you know, not of course he he got off at the end of his life, but you know, he could just shake their foreheads and God would bring healing. Brother Ram could just pray in a nice gentle way and God would heal both. God's a God of variety. Hallelujah. Amen. Verse n verse seven. Now seven is good for uh the godhead. Okay. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Now we say God is three manifestations. And here's the verse for it. The manifestation of the Holy Spirit. So Jesus is called a manifestation because it's God appearing in a flesh body. The Holy Spirit is a manifestation because it's God in each one of us. Hallelujah. But if you ask me, is the Holy Spirit a manifestation? I would say, well, well, in one way it is in our lives. But is the Holy Spirit a manifestation? Another way, no. The Holy Spirit is God. But in this context, it's a manifestation in our lives through the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Because what do we have? We have God above us, father, right? God above us, God with us, Jesus. But now God is what? in us. Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Make sense? And that this is where this verse comes in so powerfully. Verse seven, because I know because I was debating that Trinitarian guy and he says, "You call them persons." I said, "The Bible calls them manifestations." So, what what can you do, Austin? You can just change the subject because he he has no answer. But the Bible gives us the right words. Hallelujah. The Bible gives us the right words, the right doctrine, and gives us the truth. Hallelujah. And uh and let's all say every man. Ready? Every man. See, every believer has a gift. Even the lost ones because Judas had gifts. Even our lost friends have gifts of the spirit. Right? If they'll just yield to them. If they would just yield to them, then God would use them. That's right. Look at Balam. He was lost. He went to hell. Did he have a gift? Yes. He was a prophet. Everybody thinking real deep now, huh? sinners. Sinners if they can even just get a temporary uh time where they're walking lightly before God, the spirit of God can come on them. Just like Baum, he knew how to sacrifice. He knew how to worship God, right? The spirit of God can come on them, use them for a gift, and then they could turn away from that spirit, and the evil devils will come right back on them. Yes. Hallelujah. every man. That's why the Bible said no man will be without excuse because God would I I believe this is just my thought here. This is my thought. I believe God would have manifested to every person that they had a gift. In other words, some amazing testimony uh some prophecy or something that happened in their lives, some some dream or something, right? God, the Bible said God works through dreams. Praise God in the book of Job to seal up their understanding. Praise God. showing people all these things who they're they're not going to be able to deny it. Hallelujah. He gives it to every man. But for us, it's going to profit us when the gifts of the spirit move. Okay. Verse eight. For to one is given by the spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit. Okay. So wisdom, knowledge. To another faith by the same spirit. Yes. To another the gifts of healing. So gifts there again. You see there's many types of gifts of healing by the same spirit. To another the working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another discerning of spirits, to another diverse kinds of tongues, to another the interpretation of tongues. But all these workketh that one and the self-samed spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. That's really important. That means I can't speak in tonesues unless God gave it to me. Amen. Right? That's why I don't feel bad if there's no tongues. And and Pentecostals say, "Well, when was the last time you spoke in tonesues?" It doesn't bother me because I can't give myself a gift. Amen. All I can do is lay myself before God, pray, repent, uh study the word, draw close to God, get under the spirit, and when God wants to move, God's going to move. Praise God. That's all we can do. Hallelujah. But see, they put pressure on and then they they basically a lot of them just make up fake tongues is what they do. And the reason, you know, is because their lives aren't cleaned out and there's no interpretation. And if you ask them, I bet a lot of them probably would tell you they're they're making it up because I had a friend tell me that in college. He he and he was crying. Remember I told you his name was Greg. And we were in the hotel room the night before the game out there in Eastern Michigan. And he was just crying like Jesse. The the preacher put the microphone right in front of my face and said, "Did you receive the Holy Spirit?" He said, "Yes." He said, "Then speak in tongues." And Greg's like, "I was nervous, so I just faked it." Yeah. And he cried. I said, "Well, God will forgive you because you repented of it." But I said, "Now, can't you see that tongues aren't the evidence?" He's like, "Yeah, that's right." And I got hurt after that. I never had another meeting with him again. He quit the team the next year. So, that was an ordained moment. Hopefully, he's walking with God. Hallelujah. I hurt my shoulder and that's the second time that that bone popped up and then I had to get a surgery and I I never ever spent time with him ever again. That was the last conversation we had was about the Holy Ghost. God knows what he's doing, church. Amen. God knows God's ordering our steps. Now, let's just uh for the remaining time we got here, a few minutes here, let's uh go through a few quotes here by God's grace. And I got one here I want to share. Now, remember, we're to follow charity and then desire the gifts. So, our full desire should be on the love of God. Are we loving our brothers? Are we loving our sisters? As parents, are we loving our children? Praise God. Love should be our greatest aim first. Make sure love is flowing out of every channel of our lives. Every relationship should have the love of God in it. Then desire the gifts. Hallelujah. The trouble is what are the churches? They go after gifts and they don't really have love for one another, right? Or even love for God, let alone love for others. They're just gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts. Now, there's a balance because I'm going to get to a quote in just a moment. There's, of course, a balance, but the Bible said, "Follow after charity and desire the spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy." So, that's one thing I need to put on the prayer list is prophecy. Right? Hopefully, somebody remind me if I don't, we need to put that up there. We need to pray for gifts. We need to pray more often for it. It's not to be our major prayer, but we're to pray for it. Brother Bam tells us to pray for the gifts. And that's one thing maybe uh you know I do pray for miracles of course often but just have more concentrated prayer would be a blessing. Hallelujah. So follow the Holy Ghost love then desire him to move through the gifts. Prayer expresses our desires to God. So we should pray more. Now remember the Bible said even covet them uh as we'll get to. Wherefore brethren covet to prophesy and forbid not to speak with tongues. Hallelujah. Okay. Okay. So that's one thing we got to real that means uh desire not in a sinful way but it means desire prophecy greatly that God would tell us something in the future. How many want to know a secret from God? Hallelujah. I do. My goodness. We want to know a secret and then God can make it known to us through prophecy and then we would be happy, right? We'd be rejoicing. God is with us. Praise God. Now we know God's with us as long as we're confessing our sins as well. But God does desire times to come down just like he did to Abraham, right? He drew near to Abraham and then he left from Abraham. Like we looked at last week, there's times God draws closer and uh then we'd say uh pulls off, we'd say by God's grace, but we're never forsaken. We're never left alone. Amen. That's right. Now, Brother Bam says this in 58. Now, another thing that we believe that the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Now we believe that when these gifts and so forth are operating in the church which we covet and desire that the people who are gifted by the spirit come and worship with us. Hallelujah. I want people that speak in tongues interpret but I also want people that have wisdom and knowledge. Hallelujah. Yeah, we all want miracle workers, but who wants a discernment of spirit when you're the one who might not have the right spirit? Hallelujah. See, so we got to want all of them. So we got to I got to be careful not to look at this and say, "Oh, miracles or tongues or prophecy." We have to want all the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Okay? We want all them to come worship with us. Now, here's where he says it. Church, look, he says it plainly because the Bible says covet gifts. Brother Ram said, then that means pray for it. Then when you become in the body of Christ, then there's nine spiritual gifts that goes in every local body. And those are gifts that you're going to pray for to pray for the gift of speaking with tongues or the gift of interpretation of tongues or these other other gifts that goes in the church. Pray for the gifts of healing. In other words, when you you pray, right? You pray for miracles. You pray for healing. Pray for the gifts of miracles and so forth. That's the ones that you pray for. And the spirit comes on and works in each local assembly in perfecting the church. Hallelujah. So, this is something that we that's why I love going through these Bible books because it reminds us it brings us back to it. We've already we've all most of us have all read it, right? Jen just started reading the Bible, so she's in Genesis chapter 2. She hasn't read it yet, but she's going to get there. She's in Genesis chapter 2. Yeah, chapter three. Oh, chapter three. Amen. Good job. slowly working our way through the Bible. Hallelujah. But uh but for us, you know, we read all different places in the Bible, right? But it's nice to come back here and remind us we need to pray for the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Now, uh invest in your gifts once. Okay. So, so now brother Ram is going to say God many times has to has to drive people to gifts. In other words, you don't really want to do it. And I'll give myself as example. I really I knew I always knew I was called to go to the pulpit, but it took me a lot to get up there. People had to really move me to get up there. Right now, it's like I just I can't get away from it. You know, it's always there. You know, it's always going to be. But to get there, God had to push me and drive me up there, you know, through Brother Tim and different ones like that, Brother Brooks and Brother Craig. They kind of had to push me up there. But I always felt like a pull. I told somebody recently, as soon as I came in the church in a message church, I felt a magnet to the pulpit. But I just waited. I never pushed myself up there. People invite me to pray. People invite me to sing song specials, but I just always felt this magnetic spiritual pull. And now what am I doing the last 19 years? 19 pastor in 19 years. Hallelujah. See, God God vindicates what he puts in your heart. Praise God. In other words, that that gift in your heart, God will lead you to use it. Praise God. That's right. And you got to invest in it once God drives you to it. Each one of us has a different ministry. Each one works different, right? Like we read, each one of you has a ministry, a separate ministry. All that comes into Christ has a ministry. That's right. Not only the preacher. Amen, brother Brandham. But you have a ministry to something. Something you can do. You've got something. Everybody's got something they can do. Our sisters especially. Don't feel discouraged. Our sisters have ministries. And your church, you have to look at that. You have to look at church that way. It's not just the song leaders and the preachers. It's everybody has a ministry. When you feel led to go pray for somebody or you feel led to share something, you got to follow that leading. Everybody has a ministry. Or like brother told uh sister Shakaren, maybe your ministry is in fasting, which would be for healing. He said because when you fast, people get healed, right? He said you were Oh, I'm sorry. No, that's right. It was It was somebody else. Somebody else was. He told Sister Saren, "You weren't born to fast." That's right. She wasn't born to fast. She was called to something else. Other people were called to fast. Okay. So, I'm sorry I got that one mixed up. She was the one. She was saying, "Brother B, I fast and pray. Nothing happens." He said, "That's because you weren't b born to fast and pray." Okay. He said, "Not only a preacher, but you have something you can do." And I hope this doesn't sound sacriiggious, but usually God has to drive you into your correct ministry. Right? Usually we see that with Moses, right? Moses ran away from it, right? God had to drive him into the pro being a prophet, right? Paul, right? Paul was uh Paul was chasing down the Christians. Jesus had to knock him down and drive him into it, right? And then blind him just to get him in the ministry, right? What did God have to do with brother Random? Let his wife die, right? Let his child die to get him to finally go out into evangelism. And the church said because of his own failure to do it. That's right. Let me let me pull this up. This might help you. I just I saw this one earlier. Anybody Anybody guess I'd preach on jellyfish tonight? Brother R says, "Sometimes I look at myself and think I've been such a jellyfish in my life." Huh? I would think lion, eagle, lamb. What would you say, brother? Uh, giraffe, something rhinoceros, jellyfish. Now, look, look how humble brother Am is. 19, it's it's 1956. The seals haven't even been broken yet. But look what he's going to say. I have waited many thousand souls into the kingdom. I think I know what he's talking about with some of those. South Africa. Remember when he disobeyed the itinerary of the Lord? the the Lord said, "I'm going to give I'll give you this whole nation." But he he lost out on that whole nation because he disobeyed. Now, that's just my guess. I don't know about that, but I just see a connection there. He missed out on a bigger ministry, at least in South Africa. I've waited and I said, "God, depending too much on a spiritual gift," said, "Lord, if you'll just show me and you'll give me a vision what to do. And God, give me the vision, then I'll turn around, let somebody talk me into something else." And the church said, See church now church if this doesn't show you brother Ram's human nothing will he prays for a vision God gives it to him and then he doesn't follow through. Sound familiar. God give me a verse. God give me a sermon that's right for me. You get it but then you don't do what you're supposed to do. Amen. I can say amen to that because I'm not perfect. I still fall short of God's glory. But that's not going to stop me. I'm not going to have a worldly sorrow. Let's have a godly sorrow. Praise God. Let's do better the next time. But just remember your prophet called himself a jellyfish. I have a quote, brother Mercy. Brother Brham said he was a son of Kish. Who was a son of Kish? Saul. Brother Brandham humbled him so much himself so much. He said, "Forgive me, Lord. I'm like a son of Kish." Sometimes church, Brother Brand was a humble man. I don't know about you, but I would never call myself a Saul, right? knowing what I know, right? But brother was so humble that I guess maybe I could. If brother did it, maybe I could. When I make a mistake, I'd say, "Lord, forgive me. I feel like such a jellyfish today." What's a jellyfish? No. No. No. Uh vertebrae, right? Did I do I have the science term right? Children, you have vertebrate and invertebrate, right? I'm going back to eighth grade math or eighth grade science. But so no backbone is no stability, right? Just loosey goosey, right? We'd say God gives you something. God gives you a backbone, but you don't take it. God shows you what to do. You don't do it. And look, look at this. This is a gift. It's a vision. A gift. If you'll just give me a vision. If you just give me a prophecy, I'll do it. Would you? If God gave you a vision, if God gave you a tongue, would you speak it? God gave you a word of wisdom, would you go tell the person? Would you? Well, let me Well, let's be honest. You You would want to, but the devil's going to try to fight you to not do it. Hallelujah. So, I thought that that might help us all today. If we were jellyfish this week, let's just say, "Lord, I was a jellyfish. Forgive me. Now, give me a backbone for the kingdom of God." Hallelujah. This is a prophet of God. He says, "And oh, I have never come to the spot yet until I have it this time that I feel it's a faith that we must step out there because it's a promise." So, in other words, he was waiting for a vision. But then he realized, well, some of these are promises in the Bible. I don't need a vision if there's a promise. And the church said, like like the apostles, Jesus said, "Go you therefore, preach to every creature. Go to all nations." Well, that's for the apostle. That's not for the housewife. They'll say like this. That's That's not for the pastor either. If the pastor leaves a church, he's no longer a pastor. Hallelujah. So, it's already written to the apostles, go and preach to all nations. They need you don't you don't need a vision. You've already got thus sayith the word. Hallelujah. That's right. And that's what brother's saying here. He's he said he's realizing on some of these things, I've already got the Bible to tell me that. That's right. Hallelujah. If someone's sick, go lay hands on the sick. they shall recover. And most time they do, church, most of the time. Not every time, but a lot of times among our sick, what does God heals us? Hallelujah. Is that the same quote? Yeah. So, this is the same quote. And he said, "And the things that he's done and the healings that he's performed and the miracles, even so much as come down and have his picture taken by the side of us, the pillar fire 1950 Houston coliseum picture and so forth, which has never been known since the world began." And then stand around like a what? And it even makes me discouraged with myself. Anybody been there before? You get discouraged with your own self. Now, if you haven't, you're probably living in a lot of pride because you just get discouraged with other people. But if you're honest, you get discouraged with yourself. It's time to keep your eye on the promise. And that's why by God's grace, I'm sorry, that's what by God's grace I aim to do. And I realize that every devil of hell will shoot at it. See, once you get to answer your prayer, once you know what to do with a gift, you still got to carry it out, right? But by God's grace, I aim to keep my eye on the promise. What a what a what a testimony. Hallelujah. Lord, whatever you show me by supernatural, whatever you show me, help me just to keep my eyes on that. Now, I don't think I Let me see. I might have the quote. I might have it on here. Yeah. Glory. All right. Amen. So, here's the balance here. Um Yeah. Here's the balance, right? We can never make gifts uh the evidence of the Holy Ghost, right? Like that's what the Pentecostals do. They made tongues the evidence. Okay. Uh some people in the message make it shouting or screaming or dancing. You know, they think, "Okay, now you got the Holy Ghost." But your life's going to prove whether you got it or not. Right? We've seen we've seen people dance in our church and then leave. And not serve God. Some do. Praise God. Some don't. So, was the dancing the evidence? No. It was the evidence the spirit of God was on them and they were joyful. That's the evidence of that. But your life proves what you got. Hallelujah. Right now look, see that's what the matter with the church today. You done got away from that river. God away from the gifts of the spirit. So see this is a good reminder. We just got to stay praying for the gifts of the Holy Spirit. They're not the evidence, but it is evidence God is moving. Hallelujah. It's not evidence. Just because a gift operates doesn't mean it's evidence of someone saved or even born again. Uh, and so we can't make that the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But we do want to pray for the gifts of the spirit to move as evidence he's in our midst. Praise God. Hallelujah. You see, we can't get away from that. See, we can't get away from everything is the same. Every service or every day is just the same. We got to draw nigh to God. And brother says that that happens when you get away from the spirit. They just got a church natural and they get away from the spiritual gifts and the spiritual things and they cast their fruit. What do they do? They're believers. Live with the world, act like the world, steal, cheat, lie, smoke, drink, gamble, have bunko parties in the church to pay the preacher and everything else. Soup, suppers, dances, see, they cast their fruit. It's just like the world. Okay? So, church, by God's grace, we don't have these things, right? But we might we might have some other sins, right? And we try to keep those cleaned out by the grace of God. But I just want to show this. We never want to get away from the gifts of the Holy Spirit. We want to pray for them. Amen. Because each one of you have them Hallelujah. Now, let me I'll close with this one. Let me close. I'm going to close here in the next uh how long have I been going on there? All right. Perfect. Oh, glory. That's good. Just less maybe less than an hour. Okay. Yeah. This is the one I I'm closing with this one. So maybe be less than an hour tonight. Who would have thought, brother? Who would have thought? Is that possible? I just want to share this. As you know, Brother Bam said when we get saved, I'm sorry, when you get saved, it's like you come into a room now. You're saved. Like it's the room of a Christian room. You know, you're amongst believers. And brother Ram said each piece of furniture is like a different gift, right? This is a different gift. That would be a different gift. The chair right here, everything in here is a different gift. And you you might go and be used in that area. Brother Ram said that's an example of the gifts of the Holy Spirit. So in other words, if when you come in a Christian, you got nine chairs and God might have you sit at the nine at all nine chairs or maybe just one chair, right? It's how God wants to use you. Right? So, like I've told I told you all about and I'll go through the examples Lord willing Sunday or next week. My wife and I have had prophetic prayers that came to pass, but I don't have them all the time. So, it's like God let me sit in that chair a couple times, brother Mercy. They said, "Okay, get up. You're going to come over here." And then like then Malachi, I'm just waiting for the next chair to sit on. Which one? I'll just keep praising God till he wants till he wants me to sit in a chair. Hallelujah. So like last summer, again, I'm using last summer, we went to Iowa and I preached there at both nights on porn, right? And grown men come up and told me I preached their entire life. What's that? Discernment. It judged their life. I And not just some of their life, their whole life. So what did God said, "Hey, Jesse, come down. in this gift, this chair of discernment. I'm like, "All right, glory to God." Malcolm probably sitting right next to me. Right. Okay. Now, okay. All right. Praise God. That was done. Glory to God. Right. And then we had the church order situation in our church. And what did God give us? A discernment through brother Dennis McBride for and maybe even prophetic foretold everything that would happen. That's right. Amen. So, it's like God called brother Dennis to come to the pulpit of prophecy. I'll say it like that. the furniture piece of prophecy. But when he come last time, he didn't preach on prophecy, right? Uh as far as wasn't prophetic, it was uh focus and satisfaction. And how many were blessed? Absolutely. How many how many would say how many would say you needed focus? My hands up. So that discerned my life, right? How many needed satisfaction? Me. That that discerned my life. That judged my life. Well, that's what the word is supposed to. The word is a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart. Okay? So, it's important for you and I to know that we can be used of any of these at any time. All right? And I still have the date when sister Naomi spoke in tongues when I preached this back in 2017 in the other church, the other sanctuary over there. She spoke in an unknown tongue right after I preached on this on gifts of the Holy Spirit. Okay? And that was for her because remember her testimony when we did the podcast, her testimony was she prayed one day, "Lord, just let me speak in tonesues to know that I got the Holy Ghost." And she totally forgot about it. Didn't even think about it. Even after she spoke in tongues, she didn't remember till she talked to her dad on the phone. In other words, church, God's not going to forget your prayers. Hallelujah. Praise God. God hears them. Amen. And that day, brother Mercy, God let Sister Nomi to sit in the chair of tongues. This is a really nice chair. Can I say it's a real edifying chair? Because the Bible says it edifies you. It must be one of those ma massage chairs, right? It really edifies you. Brother Brooks had a massage chair back when we were in Iowa, right? Oh, yeah. You said it. That's really edifying. Really builds you up, right? Really makes you feel good. But has she spoken in tongues since then? I don't know. At least not in the service. At church, that's okay because it's God doing it. Is God the one asking us to sit in the different gifts or enjoy the different gifts of God? Now, if you'll notice, let's apply sensibly. Now, see that you'll under so that you understand that's the way I want to do this is because I realize I'm talking to intelligent men. So, in the scripture 1 Corinthians 12, it was said there's nine spiritual gifts. Well, then tongues was one of those gifts in the body of Christ. Say, let's show it for an illustration and make it simple. I know you catch it, but let's be sure that you get it. This room is the body of Christ. So see when you're saved you come in the room of Christ Christ's body and by one spirit we're baptized in this room and in this room is a gift of a chair to relax. There's a gift of light. Now look light chair. There's a gift of heat control out there, right? There's a gift of a rocker in the nursery. There's a gift of a lounge, a gift of a rug. There's a gift of a picture. See what I mean? There's all these gifts. There's gifts. But how do you get in that body? By one spirit. We're all baptized into one body and then subject to any of the gifts. See, so if speaking in tonesues then is evidence of the Holy Ghost, all these other things has to be evidence of the Holy Ghost, too. What a good argument that is, right? Because all tongues is just one of the nine furniture pieces in the room. If that's evidence, well, then all of them got to be evidences. Well, of course, we know a gift is not evidence of being born again, right? You have to do all these other things, these others, prophesy, interpret, have wisdom and knowledge. But then Paul goes on to fix that and says, "Do all speak with tongues?" No. Do all the gift of interpretation? But God has set in the church severally. See, he just fixed it up like that. Now, if you believers, how many believers is here? I could I could not do it. I cannot bring him. It takes all of us together to do it. I'm just a part of him, and you're a part of him. But if you're sick and needy, I'm your brother. And God sent the church. Now there's nine spiritual gifts goes in each local body which is tongues, interpretation of tongues, prophecies and so forth. But there's five predestinated offices of the church. Apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors and evangelists. That's what God sent in the church. That's an office. The Holy Spirit might fall on one tonight and speak with tongues and the other give the prophecy and so forth and next night it might be on somebody else and then somebody else like that. That's local gifts in the body to what? keep us straight. Hallelujah. So why did God send brother Dennis to give us that that uh discernment or prophecy to keep us straight on the word of God? Hallelujah. Glory. All right, let's stand to our feet, my guys. Was that an hour? 56 minutes. Glory to God. Musicians can come. I didn't know if it was possible. Hallelujah. But all things are possible. Hallelujah. I just want to get into that because there's so much more I want to uh preach on that, but I just thought for tonight, let's keep it uh simple. We'll start there and then maybe next week we'll look at some of these examples and I want you to think about uh them in your life. Like I even, you know, I thought it was uh timely. Sister Zur, I kept this up here and Zur had a couple healing testimonies, right? So that might be God sitting her in a chair. That might be a chair God uses her more. Or it could be the last time she sits in that chair. Sister Naomi had that gift of faith. Her brother literally she told us she told us there's going to be no the baby was uh breach and she said the doctor's not even going to have to adjust the baby. That's quite a thing to say because last time the doctor did have to adjust Zion. And she said, "I just believe I have faith it's going to happen." And church before we got there, Kristen had already fell. Oh, yeah. Christian had a friend come over and confirmed already the babies has moved and it came to pass. She said, "I just had faith it was going to happen." Hallelujah. My church, what does that tell me? God's among us. And that keeps us straight. Right? Now, the one I I didn't tell you was my wife was laboring over 24 hours and she's asking, she does she's really tired. You know, labor's super intense. She's really tired and she asks the 80-year-old midwife, "This woman is a holiness woman. Did you girls see her? She got this long dress on. She got this white hair tied up in Ramsa like a onion peel, right? She just she's so humble and she doesn't have high heels on praying, you know, talking about God. And my wife Kristen asked her, you know, well, should I go to the hospital or not? you know, I don't want to go too far with interventions. And she just kind of waited there for a moment and she said, "I think you better go because you've tried everything here. And if you go, go soon. Go now because you've already labored 24 hours. You don't want to stay here and get all worn out and then have to make a quick decision that might harm you. Go while you have good energy." And then just do one. And I'm kind of paraphrasing. My wife can correct me, honey, if I'm if I'm wrong on I'm going to be wrong on at least one detail in here, okay? So, just bear with me. But the point was she said, "Go now." Now, church, it's a good thing she did, right? Because she had that uh that that ring happen and the baby was not going to be born at home. There's no way. And what if the heartbeat of the baby had dropped at home and she just decided to stay home? You could have lost the baby. lost mom. What did she do? She gave us a word. Wisdom is not just what to do. It's when to do it. She said, "Go now." The church glad we went. Now, how do you judge wisdom? You look at the fruit of it. Look at the fruit of it. We got a fruit of the womb. Got a healthy baby, healthy mom. And the church said, "I didn't know what to do, Caris." Okay. I didn't know what to do. But something by the Holy Spirit, God spoke through that elderly holding his sister wearing the skirt with long hair said, "You need to go now." And Christian just knew something quickened it to my wife. It's time to go. Then we went we we went there and everything just one after another. We tried every little in every intervention and then finally uh the baby's heart rate went down and just within a matter of moments they got her ready for surgery and off we go to the the surgery room. See, wisdom is justified of its children. Well, there it is, children. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm talking natural children, but really it's spiritual children. Wisdom is known by the results that it bears. And so, that's what I I realize now. That was a word of wisdom. Here's what you do. Do it now. Hallelujah. Thank God for his mercy and grace. Let's bow our hearts. How many want a ministry to serve the Lord? You got one. You just got to realize what it is. And then you also have to be flexible enough to know it might change the next service. Hallelujah. And you might have to wait weeks and months between different operations of the Holy Spirit, but it's going to operate. Praise God. It's going to operate. Let's bow our hearts. Father God, we thank you for today, Lord. And thank you for blessing this little gathering, Lord. Thank you for the people that came to hear your word. Bless them, Lord God. I thank you, God. As brother Dez told me, be happy for the people that keep coming back, Lord. Thank you for the saints who keep coming back, Lord God. We're so blessed to have Christian friends like this, dear God. Lord, I trust they were blessed. I trust something from this holy Bible spoke to them here tonight, Lord God. Thank you, Lord, that every person have a min has a ministry. The manifestation of the spirit is given to every member of Bride of Christ Fellowship to profit with all. We thank you for this testimonies here from Sister Zur and Sister Naomi's testimony, Lord. And this testimony of this wonderful midwife, Lord God. Karen's her name. Yes, Karen. Lord, for that word and it's in season. It was so needed in that season. Kristen needed direction. Lord, you let her speak that. And I believe, Lord, it's possible. Could have saved one life or even two. So Lord, what can we say but thank you, Lord God. What can we say but praise be to Almighty God. And Lord, you said the spirit of God bears witness with our spirit that we are the sons and daughters of God. And Lord, that spirit speaking through Karen, it was confirmed in my wife's heart. Lord, I believe that Lord God, wisdom is justified of her children and you gave us a child through it, Lord God. Thank you, God. You're so merciful, Lord Jesus. I give you praise. I give you worship, Lord God. I love you, Lord God. When we don't know what to do, I was praying that whole time, Lord, off and on. I was on my knees saying, "God, what's wrong? God, what's wrong? Have I sinned against you, Lord? Is anything wrong? God, what's wrong? Why isn't the baby come?" Then, Lord, you speak that through character. And Lord, the results bore witness that it was your spirit. Lord God, I was praying for guidance. I was praying for the right thing to do. Praying what's going to happen and you just worked everything out. You gave my wife peace and you blessed those doctors to give us a healthy mother, healthy wife and this beautiful little baby we get to hold. Lord God, thank you Jesus. Father God, I don't take these things lightly. I want to come back to the house of God and give you praise Lord. Lord, you saw the hands up, Lord. Everyone has a ministry. Lord, help them to be faithful to it. Lord, help me to be faithful. And Lord, help us to be able to sit down in the chairs or the gifts that you have in those moments when you want to use us, Lord. Lord, thank you that we're in this room, this body of Christ. Oh, Lord, it's the greatest room I can be in, Lord God. Hallelujah. I don't want to be in the body of the book of the uh idol worshippers at Madison Square Garden or Fenway Park or the local town tavern. I don't want to be in those bodies. I want to be in the body of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Use me, Lord God. Use your people, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord God, to be praying for these gifts. So, we want to pray for that now. Lord, with my Bible open, Lord, I've opened my eyes now, but Lord, I pray for wisdom in Jesus Christ's name. I pray for knowledge in Jesus Christ's name. I pray for the gift of faith in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. I pray for gifts of healing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I pray for the working of miracles in the name of Jesus Christ, my Lord. I pray for prophecy, likely dreams, however you would want to do it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray for discernment of spirits in Jesus Christ's name, Lord, for the glory of God, that you might be magnified, that the church might be kept clean, kept in order, Lord, as your prophet taught. And I pray for tongues in Jesus Christ's name. And I pray for interpretation of tongues in Jesus Christ's name. You told us though to covet mostly prophecy. So Lord give us prophecies. Foretell us the future. Foretell us secrets God that we can stand back and say God knows all things. God knows my heart. God knows my life. And if he knows my future, surely he knew my past. Surely he forgave my past. Hallelujah. Surely my future's with him. Lord God. Oh Lord, I can see now why prophecy is so important. It shows the mind of Christ. Hallelujah. For the spirit of prophecy is the spirit of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Lord, I thank you for tonight, Lord. Thank you for these promises. Thank you for the communion that I can have with you, that the saints can have with you tonight, Lord. Let us examine ourselves. Make sure we're in the faith, Lord God. Lord, it's a communion night. We'd say in a spiritual sense, Lord, we love you. We love your word, Lord God. We love to feast on your word, God. Make it real to us, Lord God. More real than ever before. I ask it. And I believe that God, you're so great. You can show the littlest one, even Zion, the littlest one here tonight. You can show him what gifts he has in his life. Lord God, I believe you're that great. Lord, I might be the oldest here. I'm 44. So Lord, from the youngest to the oldest, I believe you can show all of us our gifts, our ministries. You can ask us to sit down in this gift and then take a little break and then use us in that gift. Lord God, all things are possible. Lord, we just want to be used for your glory. I ask all these blessings in Jesus Christ's name. Say
