################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - (9-14-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith - Simon Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   (9-14-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith
Speaker: Simon Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r0MlwnJwUM
========================================

Let me just sing a little song so I can I just want to worship the Lord myself. Um I just have a couple that I really go to because my voice is doesn't have super range like others. I wouldn't say I've never been invited to do a solo at the choir when I was in high school. They said, "Yeah, brother, you're going to be in the choir, not you're not a lead singer. Praise the Lord. So that's what we want to do uh by God's grace is u just make a joyful noise. See if I can find a list here of songs. There should be a list somewhere. Here we go. Um and uh due to that thing called memory. I remember in high school I was with Jason Colola J6 and we're in choir, show choir. For the finale of your senior year, you had to sing a solo. Well, me and Jason Col J6 didn't have really ability to do those sort of things. We asked humbly, we said, uh, Mrs. Sh, Miss Shandell, I said, can me and Jason, you know, we came together, can we do like a a duet? And she's like, oh yeah, sure, that'd be fine. So, we chose a actually it was actually a hymn. Uh, it was a Bible hymn and I can't remember what Bible him was. Uh, I'll have to call him, but uh I don't know. Do we have Can I sing I must tell Jesus. Uh, I might just sing that. But anyhow, while we're doing the duet, me and him practiced and practiced and practiced together. And we leaned on each other for uh the melody and for the rhythm and how to start and when to start the next verse. And it was some kind of I can't remember what uh and me and him we did good the first two verses. We did the cho the chorus and then come down to the third verse. Remember this had to be by memory. The piano started and we missed it. We just lost it. I couldn't remember that verse and inspiration hit me as it always does and most time for uh comical reasons or comical uh effect. I just started singing something something. Oh, come all ye faithful. That was the song. Come something something. And I just we did then he joined in with me and we just started singing something something and then we hit the we hit the chorus again and the fourth verse something something and we got a standing ovation. We go back you know and we're just cutting up here. Girls are crying on the sidelines because they missed one one note or one key and me and Ko just winged it. We did our best. Right. So that's what we're doing here today. By God's grace, I don't need the words, sister. Unless you want to hear something, something something. [Music] I must tell Jesus [Music] all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone. [Music] In my distress, he kindly will help [Music] me. He ever loves cares of his own. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must have Jesus. I must have Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. I must tell Jesus all of my trles. He is a kind God, passion in rain. If I'm asking, he will deliver. Make up my trles quickly and Amen. Yes, Lord. [Music] I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can hear me. Jesus alone. Tempted and tried. I need a great savior. One who can help my burdens. Can he do it? He can do it. Saints, lean on him. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. He might sorrows will share. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can heal me. Jesus alone. Here we go. Oh, how the world do evil. Oh, how my heart is tempted to see. What do you do? I must have Jesus. I must have Jesus over the world. Victory with Amen. Yes. So let's worship him. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my [Music] alone. [Music] I must have Jesus. [Music] I must Jesus every Jesus the Lord. Amen. Let's just lift our voices our hands. Give him a hand clap of praise. He's worthy. Amen. We love you. We praise you, Lord. How you're worthy, God. Lord, how you've kept us, God, through every trial, every temptation, every battle. Lord, we fall and we get up, God. Lord, we fail, we get up, Lord. Sometimes we backslide hourly and daily, God, and we get back up, Lord, by your grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; A lot of times I think saints as I may be seated, I think, why what am I doing here? How did we get to this place? How did we come to this conclusion that This is the truth. What God had to do something to bring us here. He had to do something in your lives to get you here. And we are grateful for those things by God's grace. Um uh the Lord's been good. Thank you musicians so much for your gifts and talents, your sacrifice, giving you time, energy, uh everything that God has given you. Certainly he's faithful. Um I don't know if this is going to kick in. Uh Of course, we this week we've had quite a a week in America u getting texts from overseas and what's it like? What's the condition over there saying what's the condition? What's the condition? What's it like over there? What's going on? this and this and this and uh I said well it shows what has happened this week has showed a lot about people reactions and one of the first things that's come to my mind while I was uh thinking on this and looking at the way family uh the way the uh people reacting in the comments we see a lot of heartbroken individuals yet we're seeing a God that are rejoice with such a thing. You know the Bible says in Revelations 11 that when the two witnesses are are killed and their body lays on the street uh that the world rejoices over the death of the prophets of God. See the condition of the people. We're on the edge of this. We are on the edge of this. I got I got this one. Amen. So in this we see the condition of the people rejoicing over a man who wanted to not necessarily win soul by power demonstration but uh he has he went to come and reason let us reason together scripturally come and let us reason together uh by God's grace and uh we see that uh we see how the out people. We see what the devil had in store, what the devil had in planned for this man, and how God allowed this thing to take place. And now it's uh u it's causing even more division in the nation. It's causing even more turmoil. Um if not, that's no no problem. Um but uh I had went on vacation a couple about a month ago with I brought my mother and she did not to listen to uh the home service via the internet on Sunday morning. So I took her to a church uh up in the UP there. It was a Calvary church, little small storefront church and the pastor was not ministering then but he brought in a man who uh is literally like a Christian military. Uh he is he's he's uh made contacts with XCIA, ex FBI and they go in they're all Christian. They go into war ravaged countries and they rescue orphans. They rescue widows. They whis rescue men who their family been destroyed and slaughtered. They go and sneak in there and try and get them out as many as they can and relocate them and take care of them financially uh uh do their best to do that. And in his little speech and uh he wanted people to help support his ministry. He said 100% of this goes to these people. In fact, you get to choose on the back side. you want to help their their warriors to go in and this and that and support them while they can't have jobs. They just go in and dressed in all gear and just like it's amazing. Uh but he said he said he said saints he said uh um in his 20 years of going into war ravaged countries like Sudan and Kenya and now they're in the Ukraine after Russia went through there and certain countries and Russia wiped out towns and towns and many many people but uh They said, "I've never seen the world in such a" They see he's like he's like he said he just called like turmoil and distress. He said this he said this is the worst I've ever seen it. He said something's coming because of what tensions are rising, nervousness, anxiety and all the people they know something is about ready to strike. Saint were right at the doors right at the coming of the Lord. Um so as we're Yeah. So, yeah, the Lord is faithful. Um he's he's good. He's kind. Um we just can't thank the Lord enough. We appreciate the invitation by God's grace to come and minister. Also want to bring greetings from Pastor Cam Smith there. You guys know him. Wonderful brother. So, uh, in that, uh, like I think Jess mentioned there, um, as we went through this week, I had four individuals come specifically. Two of three of them text me and one of them I was at a supply house and I was ordering material for a job and he said, "Simon, let me come out and help you load this up." Okay? And he never done that before. And as we get loading, he says, "Simon, I got to ask you a question. What is going on?" So now there's four people just and and three of them I would have never guessed but what in your days and your who you were you witness right you witness about Jesus Christ and uh the one had actually made comment oh yeah Catholic skill Christians and I was like okay why don't you know well he's one of the one of the men that text me he's like sign where we at and I said sir I said we're he's a young man very very young man I said this is coming this thing is coming you're going to see this this thing is going to unfold in your face and you will see the coming of the Lord now we want be on the right side of it. Um, but as this man uh uh that was helping me load up the truck, he asked me, "Simon, where are we at?" I started sharing with him. The name is George. I said, "George, you've got to come to." He said, "Simon," he goes, "I'm a Lutheran." He said, he said, "Now the Lutherans have fully welcome in all the homosexual." He says, "That is completely contrary to the Bible." He said, "They used to preach Bible, but they don't know more." He says, "Where can I go to church? Where do you want me to Where should I go to church? Where would you recommend How could I point him to a a Pentecostal church? How could I point him to? I said I said, "Brother George," I said, "Brother George," I said, "You need to come to the church I go to or one there up just over Mission." I said, "Uh, and that's the only two I would even recommend in this area." He said, "Really?" I said, "Yes." And I started working. I said, "The repentance and baptism because all the other churches around here baptize wrong and they will not bring in your repentance." He goes, "Simon, what do I repent of?" I said, "Well, you need to know what sin is then." When I first come to the message, I didn't know what sin was. Wow. Complete lack of reverence, complete under no understanding of the word of God, no understanding of holiness, no idea. I said, I'd like just come or I'd like to have some Bible stud to to show you and you'll hopefully by the grace of God, you'll feel conviction. And I felt the presence of the Lord coming. I said, you've got to repent. And when you get baptized, you have to go down dead, George. And when you go down dead, then the spirit of God is obligated to fill you with his spirit. And &gt;&gt; I felt the presence of the Lord right then and he just said, "I'm getting chills." I said, "It's the Lord is calling you." &gt;&gt; And come to find out, uh, we've been, uh, having Brother Randy and Sister Lindsay the last two weeks with our at our house for two weeks. We've had him and Sister Lindsay and my wife woke up that day and asked the Lord to give me somebody to witness to. So God is a He answers prayer. So we want to be uh, and I didn't know that, but what guess what? If the Lord if they prayed for it, then the Lord's going to answer, right? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's just uh here stand for the reading of the word by God's grace. Um we trust this will be a blessing to you. Um I don't know how this is going to go, but I will we'll see how the Lord but but I just want do I want to be an encouragement. I want to be a strength to the bride. Otherwise, there's no point of me being, you know, it's it's and I and I and I want to approach this because I'm speaking to the bride of Christ. We're at a serious What was What was his ministry? What was Charlie Kirk's ministry? What's the name of it? Turning point. Is this now a turning point in American history? An assassination? You know, assassinations were happening. Me and brother uh uh brother Bart were looking at last night in the 60s right around the opening of seals all the way to 68 there was assassinations four in a row almost within the space of like five or six years of political fig figures. Now this isn't a political figure. He's a religious figure trying to do something for the Lord. Um, now no matter what he was, I I've read on the internet that he was a conservative, a Protestant, but then we see his wife been driving by with the rosary in her hand. So where what what he what he was, what they were, I'm not sure, but one thing for certain, he gave his life, right? &gt;&gt; So if we could, let's turn to uh Psalms 65. I I I bring this uh this thought here this morning because I don't want you to think let me say like this there's there's a quote that that the prophet said he said I don't see anything taking place from here to the coming of the Lord or something of that nature to where in other words it when someone would use that over the pulpit would almost give us like a sense of ease or relaxing time or there's nothing to take saints of God there is something to take place. &gt;&gt; We are. We're how many? I was like, we're 48 years past 77. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; Hey, he didn't see. He didn't think we'd make it past 77. Guess what? I was born in 77. So, we're 48 years past that. &gt;&gt; Guess what? Something things have taken place. The message has continued to go on. It's went around the world. Around the world. It's still winning and reaching souls. Pastor Jesse there just baptized 17 two years ago. Oh, down in the south, right? But God is still working, still moving, still trying to what? Win his saints, his children to the gospel. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Let me get to this. Psalms 65 uh verse one. He says, "Praise waiteth for thee, oh God, in Zion." He says, "And unto thee shall the vow be performed. Oh thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come. iniquities prevail once against me. As for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away. Now look at here verse four. I want to focus on this this morning. Blessed. Notice this is not present tense. He doesn't give you a blessing. You're not Well, when when he when when the Holy Spirit wrote this through through and gave this to David, when this went out, it didn't mean you were blessed. &gt;&gt; It's past tense. You already were blessed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So blessed is the man whom thou choosest. That goes all the way to Genesis 1, right? &gt;&gt; He says, "And cause us to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts, we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple." By terrible things and righteousness will thou answer us, oh God, our salvation, who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth and of them that are a far off upon the sea. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we love you, Lord God. We just ask God that you just uh anoint my voice, God. Lord, anoint our minds, Lord. Anoint us, Lord. Anoint the audience, Lord God. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we want to let you know once again, Lord, you're welcome here, Lord, in this place dedicated for you, Lord. A house, Lord, for your body, Lord. Your body has gathered. The local church has gathered together, God. Lord, to hear, Lord, what you would have uh uh to say, Lord, this little vessel here, Lord. Lord God, I yield myself, Lord, to thy word, Lord, to your voice, Lord, to your mind. And Lord Jesus, we just want the words to come forth, Lord, that are appropriate for this time and this hour. Lord, I don't want anything of my own mind or my own accord, but Lord Jesus, Lord, just place in my thoughts, God, you know, Lord, where I lack in memory, but Lord God, I'm counting on fully on you, Lord, just to bring, Lord, this little thought. Lord, we love you. Bless your bride, your saints, your chosen ones this morning. Lord, we love you. Give them strength, God, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated uh by God's grace. So, um, my thought this morning, if I had to preach or or minister on something or teach or however it would be, I would I'd like to minister on approaching God. &gt;&gt; And in this time where there is America's on the brink, I heard a brother from overseas said, "Brother Simon, how is it over there?" I said it's it's heating up, you know, and we don't know what is this going to is just going to cool over again. Is this just going to, you know, just be swept under the carpets or or is the media going to push this? And if the media pushes that, if the powers to be that push that, there's a reason they're pushing it. There is something that they're trying to bring forth and manifest a reaction, a cause and effect. Uh they're trying to build what? Two two sides to everything so there can be a form of a a let's say a little war there, right? maybe in the that we know it's going on in the spiritual realm right now but with a t with a strike of the natural realm. So saints of God I think this is a time to start and if we haven't done it yet to I'm talking pray not just in the morning and and at night but to labor it's time to labor in prayer to find God like it's like he's supposed to be found. Uh on the way here I was listening to revivals. I was listening to how the Welch revival got started. I was listening to the Zuza Street revival. I was into a revival that took place in 1857 in Manhattan or New York City. Saints of God. There were key individuals in each one of these revivals. But notice and I and I like this in our first beginning here of our of our scripture says blessed in whom the man whom thou chooses. So notice that it was ordained all the way back from the foundation of the world even before time began that Charles Finny would have a revival that uh William Seymour would be the one to spark that revival. There's another man in the Welsh revival they credit to him. He started the revival. He was 26 years old, saints. And something in him said he's he wanted to be uh used of God for God's kingdom. Amen. And and saints of God, all these individuals literally quit their jobs and lean fully. I listened to the testimony of George Mueller on the way here. Saints of God, all these men quit their professions and what trusted solely in God for all their finances, all their food, all that they are. &gt;&gt; Amen. And God saw that sacrifice. Pastor Jesse preached it tremendously back home when he came to minister for us. Who is the greatest man that God ever used? Was it Job? Was it Moses? Was it No. Who Who did Jesus say the greatest man was? It was John the Baptist because he gave everything. &gt;&gt; Never married. Moses was allowed to go out in the desert, get married, have a wife, had had a new career as a shepherd, not a ruler over this or that. He's but what God he actually he he he he chose the things he wanted to do for 40 years &gt;&gt; but John the Baptist was solely set aside for one moment a space of time in such a small time was that now we see in the time like I'll say like this in in the time of uh uh of George Mueller you know what he said he said he says as I went to seek God he said he said I would try and pray in the house he said that wouldn't cut it he tried to find a secret place in the house he I could never find a secret place there. You know what he did? He said he woke up early and he went for a walk with his Bible. Well, the Bible says to find a secret place. Well, for him, it was literally getting in the word and taking a walk in the morning reading his Bible. And that's where he caught the inspiration for what that move of God, that that fire revival that he caught. Amen. Now, there's another man, but I can't remember his name right now, but and he was 26 years old, and God used him to spark and bring forth that Welch revival. &gt;&gt; Evan Evan Roberts. &gt;&gt; Roberts. &gt;&gt; Evan Roberts. That's it. He started praying hours and hours a day, looking, hungering, and thirsting for a move of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, you know what took place right before the Welch revival, which literally they say sparked the Isuza Street revival. He said three months before the Welch revival kicked in. He said he was such in consecration, such in prayer, and he would pray and pray and pray. And he said one night at late at night, midnight or 1:00, he said he was taken up into heaven. And for three to four hours he would speak face to face with Jesus Christ. And it happened every night for three months. &gt;&gt; Well, brother, the day those days are passed. There's got to be a move of the bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It is possible. But we have to lay down everything we want to do. Saints of God, the only way revival can take place is if it is has your will has nothing to do in it. You cannot interject one of your thoughts, one of your ideas. I'll say it like this. Saints of God, I was on vacation and Sister Barb, she brought this thing called the called uh this movie or these TV things called the the chosen. In the last three episodes of this, I watched how Judas dealt with Jesus and how Jesus dealt with Judas. Now, we can read in the scripture, but to see it kind of played out, you get a different light kind of like a a look at it. I'll say this or a different view, a different mindset. And as you know, Judas was expecting Jesus when he come to Jerusalem and there's oh hosana, hosana. And they brought the palm leaves and they're waving at the king. He's riding on a donkey or a a colt, right? And they're just welcoming hosana. Hosanna. And and Judas, you see Judas in there? He's like, "Vra God, this is it. Jesus, the Messiah, has come. He's going to take this thing over. We're going to be free. We're coming back. We're going to take the promised land." And what did Jesus do? He gets through there and he goes into the house of God, the temple of God, and he looks at all the money changers, and he starts flipping tables, starts tearing the house of God up. an angry God. And Judas is like he had in his own mind that this was not how this was supposed to go. And in that time we see the Pharisees, the Sadducees cry out. Then they start tempting him. He says, "Who shall we give? Shall we give money to the Romans anymore?" Now Jesus in front of everybody, all the Jews. Should we pay the Should we pay tribute to Rome? Jesus says, "Give me a give me a coin." Whose subscription's on there? Now, all of Israel's like, "Nope." He's going to say, "No." He says, "We're not paying any more taxes. We're going to be free. We want We are under God. One holy nation, one holy priesthood, or whatever you want to say to the Jews." You're right. We're a called out people. We're not many, but we're small, but God chose us. We're the apple of his eye. And Jesus says, "Give to Caesar Caesars's and to God's." &gt;&gt; And the Jews are going, Judas is like, "Oh no." And then the Pharisees come up. Says, "You're doing this and this." And Jesus, "What? Bring seven woes in Matthew 23 on these Pharisees." He says, "Woe unto you scribes and hypocrites and lawyers." He says you you you you you won't even go into the kingdom of God yourself and then you stop it up so others can't go. And at the end he calls them a new generation of serpents. He says he says how can you escape the damnation of hell? Judas is going what are you doing? This is not part of the plan. And directly after this he calls for a meeting a conference with Jesus. Judas is like, "Jesus, I'm one of your disciples." Jesus like, "Yeah, I know. I chose you. I called you." Judas like, "But um you know, you could have preached a lot of other things besides that." You know, that was not the the appropriate thing to preach at that time. We're supposed to be here, Jesus. We're supposed to be here. I'm with you. I am with you. I'm I have your back. But we're supposed to bring the unity. We're supposed to come up out of Romanism. We're supposed to come up out of this and you're supposed to unify the Jews and we're supposed to take the kingdom. He was disagreeing with the word of God that was preached right at the end of the Lord's visit. He had a problem with the word of God. And you know what Jesus answered back in this little this little drama? He said he said, "Judas, don't you think I know what I'm doing? And his response is, well, what am I what am I here for then? So, we see that the word that was going forth, the plan of God was contrary to his plan. &gt;&gt; And then you see interaction between Judas and Peter. And Peter says, Judas, don't you think he knows what he's doing? He says, "Yes, I I sure this and that." But man, he says, "You don't believe, do you? Trust Jesus." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But you see this, you see the little signs here, little signs there that he really didn't want to go the way the word was prophesied to go in that hour. &gt;&gt; And the thing that blew me away was this. They showed the Lord's supper. And we see John, we see John, Peter asked John, John, ask Jesus who it is. And we see they show him and John leans over and whispers, "Jesus, who is this?" And we see Jesus lean back in. We don't see Jesus's mouth move, but we see John's expression like And then they look at each other. Two omnipotents look at each other. The bride and the king, the bride and the word look at each other. And we see Jesus take, reach down, grab a bread. He break it. He dips it into the sap and he turns and gives this to Judas. And Judas looks at him like this. He takes the sap and he begins to eat it. And G Judas Jesus le leans over to Judas and says, you know, you don't have to stay anymore. and he lean Judas leans back and says, "You know, it didn't have to be like this." Then he gets up and walks out. The bride of Jesus Christ in this last day is in it all the way. Saints of God, if there's something you don't understand right now in the word, in this message bringing forth, put it on a shelf. Do not doubt the Lord Jesus Christ. Remember the Bible says that God lies not. Amen. So if there's something mysterious, if there's something we don't know, things of God, put it on the shelf and wait for God to reveal it to you. Amen. Don't question the Lord. Remember, Brother Ram, he he questioned the Lord one time and the Lord said and he brought a blackout on him. He says, "You owe me a you owe me a explanation on that woman, right?" And God says, "I'm not even talking to you." What? Brother had to go humble himself, repent, say, "Whoa, woe is me. Oh, I'm so sorry." And finally, God revealed to him what had taken place. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You let God do what God's going to do. You let the Lord Jesus Christ operate his last move on you in this last hour. &gt;&gt; Now, remember, blessed is the man whom thou choosest and it causes to approach unto thee. So, notice one of the things right here. He says, first of all, to come to Christ, you have to be chosen. You have to be there in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. And what that is also the same time the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. So that blood was for you. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "Blessed is blessed is the man whom thou choost and causes to approach unto thee." &gt;&gt; So the chosen any chosen was out in the world sometime. Any of you guys are lost at any specific time in your lives? Maybe. Guess what? If you were chosen, he's going to cause you to what? Come and seek him. Amen. Right. &gt;&gt; I'll say like this. I just went and saw my fraternity brothers from college. Tall cap abson frat boys. They had a little get together. I couldn't make it to their big thing. But I wanted to meet one individual because the Lord kind of showed me. I went and met him. his name, we call him Jersey because he's from New Jersey, very simple. And I said, "Jez, this and this and this." He goes, "Oh, Simon," he goes, "Remember?" He goes, he goes, "Remember when you were down and out?" I said, "Yeah, in my testimony, there's a certain spot in my life where I had I hit rock bottom. God took this away and took this away and I found myself without all the loves of my life, college, my old girlfriend, this and that. Things of God, he caused me to approach him. &gt;&gt; But a lot of times, you have to hit rock bottom. You have to hit literally the bottom of the barrel to where if you scrape any further, you can't go any lower. Anyone ever been to any lower? A lot of people's low time is not as low as other low times, right? It just took me a couple things and I was like, I'm ready to serve the Lord. I don't want to go any lower. This is as low. This is the bottom of the barrel for me. Right here. This is my mark. Yep. I'm not going any further into sin. I'm starting to look up. I want to see where the blessings come from. Where's the blessing? Where is God? He's here. He's here. And I'll tell you what, thanks God. 25 years, 30 years later, what? Here we are. Amen. Serving the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So, I met my fraternity brother and I said I he and when I first met him a years ago, he said, "Simon, I started a podcast." I like, "Okay." He goes, "Eric, it's the name this and this and this." I he said, "Look it up." He said, "Just listen to something." I like, "Okay, I'll check it out." I went on his podcast. He's like, "Two or 300 little podcasts." And you know what name of one of them was? I clicked on it. It was named Rock Bottom. I was like, "That sounds like an interesting one. I can relate to that." I hit it and he was telling the story about me in New Jersey when I was sitting between him and another attorney brother and I told him I said this is the lowest I've ever been. Saints of God that thing was so and I told him I said Jersey remember he said and I went and I clicked on this I said this he said what I said yeah I said I said I Jersey and that was the moment I turned to Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; he said really that was it? I said yes absolutely. In fact, I said I was literally crying, laughing almost as you're bringing your side of the story, what took place. The whole thing was about that trip on spring break and how he went this this he says and oh, Simon was he was brokenhearted this this he says and he was trying to drink a beer this and that and this certain kind of place. He says he looked over he said me and Alvarez and he said this is the lowest I've ever been. And I said, "Guys, I hit rock bottom." And on the podcast, he's just laughing and hooping it up and pumping it up and this and this. They got a lot of views on that one. But saints of God, the witness that he saw right there is what I saw. I said, "That's the reason I'm here right now." Amen. &gt;&gt; Because if you're blessed, if you're chosen of God, he's going to cause you to approach him. Amen. Anyone been there this morning? Amen. I've been there. I've been to the bottom of what he calls me. He drew me. Amen. To him. Amen. And he's drawing you right now. Saints of God, if you're here right now, he has caused you. What are what, saints of God? Think about all the things you could be in this world. Why are you here right now? Amen. Because God has caused you. Something has taken place in your life that has like forced you this way. And so the invisible, what presence, the hand of God, I was like a real gentle hand of God dwell pushing you towards these things. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He says, "Now notice it's not for any reason that he chose you and he calls you that what we may dwell in thy courts." Amen. He wants you. There's I tell I say it like this. You can go over here. You can go over here. But where are you going to hear the word of God? Notice what's the point of him choosing you and calling you and of causing him to approach him if there's nowhere to send you. So where does he send you? He sends you to the house of God. And I'll tell you this, not to a denominational house, but what to a true house of God where you're going to hear the true word, the washing of the water by the word. And we're going to know what sin is. We're going to know what righteousness is. We're going to know what true holiness is, how to make, and how to please our husband. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He is faithful. He is true. He is God. Amen. Now, notice here in the approach to God, he says, "And then when God come down hunting for man, he says, I want you to notice this. It's always God hunting the man. In the early mid 2000s, young Malachi is born out from his mother's womb uh sucking on bottles and uh what do they call them things? Binkers or binkies. One day he starts talking. He says, "Lord," he said, "Mom and dad, I'm going to be a Christian." No, that was not it. Anyone just come out of the womb and said, "Ah, I'm born again. My goodness, from a child, I'm a proper child. I'm going to serve God all the way and this and this. I'm going to be a missionary." Uhhuh. Acious like I want to be a missionary. I wish Mary's missionary is a wife. Oh my, we want to go to Africa to the worst spots and witness Jesus Christ. Does anyone ever have that? Just that just But God has to choose you and cause you to do these things. And if we can yield ourselves, really let everything die out, &gt;&gt; it is time. The only way we're going to produce is if we die out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know what I felt when I seen that man get killed last week? I felt like a I felt a surge of faith rise up and said, "I will die with him." &gt;&gt; And I wasn't thinking about him. I was thinking about the Lord Jesus Christ. Millions of our brothers and sisters went that way &gt;&gt; to the Catholic Church and to the Muslims and to whatever else saints of God to all kinds of insanity. Saints of God are brothers and sisters what are died daily &gt;&gt; serving the Lord Jesus Christ. It's always God hunting the man. He says not man hunting for God. Did you ever think of that? He says no no man at any time has ever at any at any age did ever him within himself desire to serve God. Never has been. His nature's against it. Do you see this is supernatural? This guy right there, that pastor right there, he should be in the He should have already been retired out of the NFL. You shouldn't even be sitting here. But God &gt;&gt; has chosen him &gt;&gt; to set him up not to be an NFL superstar. I could walk over to his house, his mansion, be like, "Gus, can you autograph my football so I can sell it?" Just little side gig. That's not it. But God said, "All right, son. You're done with foosball football." He was, "Chase this thing. Chase the word of God. &gt;&gt; Chase this seed. Chase the true seed of God. See, so now because of that, you have a pastor right here." &gt;&gt; He says, not trying to lift. I'm just saying this. Look at what God does. one per all he has to do is get one his hand on one man and God can set him aside for this can get him set aside for this get him set you know one of the in one of the in the Isuza street revival they said there's actually brothers and sisters who are specifically gifted in certain situations &gt;&gt; there was one brother he said that he was gifted to pray over those that couldn't hear the deaf and he and one man one of a deaf teacher brought in 20 and the guy said he says he took he took all the canes and he broke them and The teacher is like, "What are you doing?" He said, "You act like they're all getting healed." He said, "They are." &gt;&gt; And you know what? They went and prayed for each one. And 20 were healed in one meeting. &gt;&gt; He said, "There's another there's a woman who is gifted, who was anointed to pray over people, I believe it was, uh, uh, that were in wheelchairs and were lame, and she would pray over one after the other, and they would get up and walk." &gt;&gt; People say, "Oh, we're in the bride's revival." Um you know there was a time in Isuza Street he said and only these things took place at this time. There was times in Isuza Street in the in their building from the top of their building flames of fly fire would shoot up into heaven and then flames of fire would come down from heaven and they would touch. He says, and the lady said, at that time, he says, that's when limbs started growing back. But only at that time, only when fire from heaven, from earth and fire from heaven met, he said, that's when arms were restored, hands were restored, legs were restored. At that time, saints of God, don't you understand? You have a gift. Remember, those people were not William Seymour. Those are people in the revival. &gt;&gt; What is your gift? &gt;&gt; Are you gifted to pray over this and this or you have a gift of prophecy? Saints of God, this is the pastor's The pastor is a good thing. He's our head. He's the head, right? But notice, you are the body. &gt;&gt; Jesus has no other hands and feet and body but you. And he wants to use you and that kind of saints of God. Everyone has a testimony. Everyone has what? Power of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; We've got to get into it. He says, he says, uh, let me jump here. He says, but man never seeks God. God seeks man. God, his nature is holy and high. So, you have to be consecrated. We have to get addicted to the ministry. The book of Acts said they were addicted to the ministry. What is that? Anybody addicted to food? Guess what? We're addicted to air. You have to have it to survive. Addiction is something. You just heard the testimony of addiction a month ago, right? Month and a half ago. My cousin Adam, right? &gt;&gt; He lived for that fix. He lived for just one more line of cocaine or whatever he was on, whatever. Thanks to God, he was he sold out everything. his business, his wife, his children. &gt;&gt; That's addicted. Now to the gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said he would forget to eat. How many so caught up with God said, "Oh my goodness, Lord, brother Pastor Jess, I was in so much prayer, I forgot to eat. Oh my goodness, I was so witnessing so much. I was thinking about the things of the Lord as I was working and I completely forgot to eat lunch and breakfast. Saints of God, elevate our minds &gt;&gt; to what? Our forefathers that caused revival back then. They were in revival back then. I'm talking fiery. Jesus is coming. Amen. Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "But God," he says, "Nature is holy and high. The man is fall in the fall is low and degraded." He says a man without God is never I guess they will say it isn't he's not mentally right without God they're not mentally right prophecy fulfilled here &gt;&gt; these people crazy they are insane these are the ones the prophet said he said they're going to walk outside and see ants 15 foot high they're going to see this what they're going to be completely gone and we're going to watch it unfold that's exactly right he says I can prove it says that a man without God is no more than a brute fruit animal. &gt;&gt; Now, that sounds very deep, but I can prove it to you. Amen. Now, let's continue here by God's grace. He says, "Now, the way that God came for Adam to to approach." Now, watch. Adam made himself an approach. He says, "Now I've got to go out and meet God." So, he made himself an apron. He's a fig leaf to cover up his shame. And he found out that God refused that approach. And today, if man thinks, now here, here's the difference. Now man thinks now I'll go over and help Mrs. Jones over here. She's a woodw woman. She needs some coal. I'll give to the Red Cross or some charity organization out of my abundance. I will join the church. You're only making yourself an approach to God that God will refuse because it's not about works. &gt;&gt; Though those things follow, those things are good. But that is not how you find the presence of God. because well Lord because I did this I know you're going to hear my prayer because I just I just helped this brother right here and he needed some plumbing done and I just went and uh plunged this toilet from him and got it going. Oh, praise the Lord. The Lord's with me. No, those are works &gt;&gt; but the way to the presence of God. Now God refused Adam's reproach and then God went and made an approach for Adam. He made Adam, he says an approach to him to himself. And by doing that, he slayed some sheep or something and got them some skins and through the blood brought the first approach to the world to God for sins. And without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of sins. That's right. Only blood can make that way. Saints of God, the only way you're going to find God is at Calvary. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right down at the altar, &gt;&gt; even the altar of your heart. &gt;&gt; Saints of God, you can go through life right now. You can go be driving, you can do this, have an evil thought. And there should be a prick in our heart and say, "Lord, forgive me." Something could rise up on the job and someone could push you, push your button or buttons. Anyone have buttons or just a button? Well, brother, I got everything covered except this one thing. Well, you just got a button. But saints of God, there's many other avenues the devil can work. We've got to thanks of God, we he has obligated to win that one punch, right? Let's keep all the rest. If your weakness is this or weakness is that, just keep it that. Just have one weakness if you best you can. Amen. If what we have three time uh the pride of life, the pride of of uh uh the lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; One of those. Keep all the rest covered and keep your eye on your weakness. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me say it like this. One of the greatest times I was ever deceived, I got cheated out of some money. And you know what? I was thinking about it this last month. What was the first thing on how that took place? How did I get brother Simon, you got to take it for money? Oh. Oh, yeah. You know, the first thing I noticed and I've heard it about snakes. When you're when you're in the jungles or whatever and and you you stumble around like a king cobra, you know what the first thing they're going to do? They're going to try and catch your eyes. And I noticed when this took place with me, I was driving and this guy drove by and his eyes were locked right into my eyes. In fact, so much so that my eyes followed. I'm like, my head was straight on my one. And I drove, I parked, here he comes again. And his eyes were like, but it was it was an act. It was complete act. It was a play. said, "Hey, I'm a millionaire. I need your help. I'm stuck in America. I'm trying." But he had to lock the eyes in because the eyes are the window to the soul. I believe that happened to me for a reason to for a real tough learning curve right there. That was a tough one. But one of the things you're going to if you ever come in contact of this last great deception saints, there's going to people come up and say, "Brother, this is the way and they're going to bring it in such a dramatic form. &gt;&gt; They're going to try and deceive you, but they've got to lock your eyes. They can go like this and this, but your eyes are going to be locked right into theirs." What took place with Adam and or sorry, Eve and that serpent? The first thing we see Eve looking here comes the serpent walking into the garden. And no doubt they locked eyes and he was trying to capture hers his attention. Wherever he moved as he's coming up his eyes were locked right onto Eve's. Good morning Eve. How are you? And he's locking into the window now bypassing spirit into soul. And then he started his deception. God bless you. Be very careful someone looks you right in the eyes without bringing the true word of God. In fact, saints of God, just test it. Give it the word test. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, that's what I that's what I seen right there. The first thing contacting those eyes, those snake eyes. Right now, let's continue here. He says, 'Now notice in John 6:44, he says, uh, 43, 43, 44, 45, he says, Jesus therefore answers and murder not among yourselves. He says, no man can come unto me except the father which hath uh sent me draw him and I'll raise him up at the last day. So saints of God, the only way you could be even drawn or even c or even hear this message is to be drawn of God. The father has to draw you. And what's the father, what's that indivisible invisible spirit going to do? He's going to point you to Jesus Christ. Amen. Because that was the that was the lamb of God. That was the sacrifice. That was the one who what bore all our burdens, all of our sins, took all of our iniquities. He was tempted in every kind of way that we could be tempted and yet without sin. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, he's going to point you to the sacrifice. This is going to take your place. Amen. I share with the brothers there at Malachi's thing and my pastor was preaching on uh on Abraham and Isaac and that time where God told Abraham says take your son he's thy only son up and sacrifice him and slay him. Abraham goes and does this and he's takes the wood and lays his son on there and he's about ready to slay him and my pastor's preaching this and I'm like wow this is I'm just just waiting waiting for something and then all the all of a sudden the Lord brought something to me. Uh pastor Gam's preaching he said he says and then the angel stopped Abraham's hand with a dagger with a knife and he looks back and sees what that ram with his horns caught in a thicket caught in humanity. This is and I and I and then it struck me saints that ram was only to take Isaac's spot. &gt;&gt; And the thought came, where's Ishmael? &gt;&gt; The sacrifice is only for Isaac's seed. [Laughter] Ishmamail's he did not lay a double sacrifice Isaac and Ishmael there otherwise ser could be saved but that sacrifice Jesus Christ was not for them even though he gives them the opportunity to accept it they never will but it was only for Isaac and the holy seed line amen right there saints of God that's predestination that's your original sin right there proved in shadow and type Ishmael had nothing to do with it there was nothing no part in fact I was telling a brother about this the other night I said look God had to raise Abraham's mentality to what the sea is God sees because he said go take thy son thy only son &gt;&gt; and yet out of Abraham came Ishmael but that was not his true son how hard would that be for you and I &gt;&gt; could we accept it if God said that could God could we accept it if God showed that see that's why our love for Jesus Christ has to be un un uh uh you can't even challenge it. &gt;&gt; I don't care what happens in this life. I am I am set aside for the Lord Jesus Christ and him alone. No matter what he would show me, it's him in me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Not trying to be un uh uh compassionate, but saints of God, we we're dealing with scripture here. We're dealing with truth. Things this is not a this is not a joke. &gt;&gt; This is real life. &gt;&gt; I only got 20 30 years left and I'm done. That's how fast this thing's wrapping up. Let's continue here. I want to I want to get into where I'm going to go here. I don't know what time it is. Uh in uh 2 Thessalonians 2:10, he says, "And with all deceitfulness and unrighteousness in them that perish, because they receive not the love of the truth." Now apply that to this message. Are we looking at every quote of brother random on every topic? Are we just concerned about this or that? We have to what? But we've been chosen because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. Notice what we're baptized with the Holy Ghost and what their spirit realms completely clean and they believe the truth. What? And with that obstacle without with with that obstacle on, with that obstacle out of the way for Christ, he can express himself through the flesh. He can express himself through the individual. Why? Because his his he's sealed in his in his soul. His spirit realm is completely clean. And God now has free will to work on the flesh. And the control tower takes over. And you can be used of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I want to uh I want to move on here because I want to show you uh some approaches by God's grace. Let me I don't even know where where what time it is now. Let's continue here. Uh and I kind of wonder I came across across this quote here. He says now notice he says and we must meet God. This is 55 1110 the a hidden life in Christ. Now we must meet God upon his appropriated provided plan of how we must approach him. And if we could only approach him through that plan if we could get it right we are sure to get an audience with God. Does everyone want an audience with God? &gt;&gt; In fact I'll say this. If we fail to get an audience with God, we will perish. &gt;&gt; We need to break through. &gt;&gt; Not with I hope so or I think so, but with a thus sayith the Lord. &gt;&gt; You know they had thus sayith the Lord's back in the revival. &gt;&gt; I was listening to Isuza Street. The lady giving the testimony of Zuza Street. She said at the end of 1909, 190 after the revival died down, William Seymour prophesied. He said, "Around a hundred years from now, there's going to be a revival strike, and it's going to be greater than this. It's going to be like the book of Acts." And she said, "There's another man on the on the East Coast in New York that prophesied the exact same thing." Said, "There's going to be a revival in about a hundred years that's going to be greater than this." And then he said there was, she said, "There's another man who prophesied the same thing. There's a latter rain coming." Amen. &gt;&gt; The bride's revival is going to strike and it's going to produce beyond beyond what Isuza Street produced. It's going to be beyond what the Welsh revival produced in in 1857. That revival that struck Manhattan, you know what caused it? An economic depression. because everybody's working. Oh, I got work. Oh, brother, I got to work tonight. I'll see you later. 15 hours. Sorry. We'll shoot for tomorrow. They were working so much and then all of a sudden a depression hit. He said there childrens were thousands of children begging streets for food. The men were just sitting around doing nothing, starving, hoping. He says, "But in that idle time, there were some that started seeking God. And that brought forth revival. God had to take away all their prosperity to bring forth a revival. &gt;&gt; What happens if you ain't got no food tomorrow? The Lord do something. Listen to George Mueller's testimony. How many times did he have nothing? He didn't beg anyone for nothing. And over the course of his lifetime, they said that he was given $1.5 million in back in that money. God provided everything. He didn't beg. He never begged one thing. He just prayed. Alls he did was pray. He said as the first time he started praying, he said the Lord answered within he said he said a lot of them he said answered within the within the first day or two. What that do? It burst it brought his faith way up. He said God's hearing me. He's answering me like this. He said kept praying. Then he said as time went on he said then he would have to wait sometimes a year or two. Then it would have to be wait 10 years. But in that 10-year waiting, many other prayers are being answered at the same time. What? Building his faith, waiting for what? That 10-year prayer, waiting for this soul, waiting for this thing to take place that he needed to take place. Amen. He wanted to build this building for what? Uh these big for all his orphans, big orphan building, this this and he had to wait for years and years to get the money. Then he had to find Lord, where's the land? Then he had what? Get in prayer and said, "Lord," the Lord said, "Go to this person right here." That person said, he said, "At that time, an acre was $200 per acre." He said, "Because, but as George went there, he says, the man woke up, he says, he says, George, I was expecting you, the Holy Spirit woke me up at 2 am. He said to tell me to tell to sell it to you not for 200, but for $120 an acre &gt;&gt; and he had just enough money to do it. Purchased that. He hired three architects and he built the whole thing by what? Prayer. And faith in prayer. &gt;&gt; All you need is faith. We have to look at that isolated scriptures. We have to look at those basic scriptures and believe &gt;&gt; and believe. Just simple believe. He will provide for me. &gt;&gt; He is not going to let me starve. He's not going to leave me for the tribulation. He's going to rapture me. I will not see death. Saints, you've got to believe this. And boy, if you don't got it now, just keep saying it until you believe it. If you don't have faith, just keep speaking faith until you got until you believe it. If you're not healed, then speak healing until you believe it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Look at this. This is one of my one of my favorite scriptures in Jeremiah 31 verse 32. Thus sayith the Lord, the maker thereof, the Lord that formed it to establish it. The Lord is the name. Call unto me and I will answer thee. Is that a lie? &gt;&gt; Did he lie right there? He's like, well, maybe I'll answer you. Does Do you see maybe in there? or maybe uh maybe I'll send something. He said, "No, I will answer you." He says, "And show you great and mighty things which thou knowest not." &gt;&gt; Does anyone know greater and mightier things than what we know right now? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Do you know there's two other folds in the seventh seal? &gt;&gt; We're going to need those. We're going to need those. Hey, what is really the third pole? I mean, what uh he said that persecution. He says we're seeing it in small forms. He but then at that time we're going to see it in what it is. But all we have to do is ask him for this. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Not a hope. But remember, faith workketh by love. Do you love him? If you love him, you know he won't lie to you. If you love him, you know he's not gonna do it something that's gonna hurt you. You're He's not gonna make it a hard way. He's gonna make it the way he's built for you to make it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, let's continue here. I want to I want to move into this. By God's grace, let's let me I don't even know what time it is. I want to keep rolling here. By God's grace, I want to jump to something. &gt;&gt; Um I'm gonna skip that. Let's turn to John 3. John 3:1 approaching God. I want I want to tell you this morning how blessed you are. Do you know a lot of this scripture came to us because God has chosen people and he caused them to approach him. And as they approached him the word went forth and without this word saints we would be in trouble. &gt;&gt; And there was a man the name of the Pharisees called Nicodemus the ruler of Jew Jews. The same came to Jesus by night. Now notice why did he approach Christ and he said unto him, "Rabbi, you think you think Nicodemus went in there like, yeah, all right, Jesus, I mean, who are you? Who do you think you are and this and that and what?" He he wasn't like that. &gt;&gt; But something in him said, "There is something about this man. There's something about Christ." I don't know if he got on his knees. I don't know if he said, "Jesus, take us. Take a seat. Please take a seat. I want to speak to you." And this time he locked eyes with the word. This wasn't a This wasn't a serpent Pharisee, a serpent Sadducee trying to what? Trick him in his own words. But here, God could discern there was a true man with a true heart that had what? a good heart, a pure heart that wanted to know something from God. And he was approaching the almighty &gt;&gt; and what does he confess? He says we know he says that thou art a teacher. So notice he came to Christ and said you are a teacher and that in saying that he declared himself as a student. Notice the approach. She says, "Now remember he said when the Holy Ghost comes, he'll lead and guide you and teach you what things and show you things to come. He will teach you these things." The same anointed that teaches you all things. Right? In first John, saints of God, approach Christ as the teacher. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Approach Christ as the savior. Any way you approach him, he's going to answer back the way you approach him. &gt;&gt; And as he now, I heard brother Von say one of the most powerful things I've ever heard. He said, ' Do you know how you what kind what kind of person you want to see coming into the church? This brother's like, this brother walks in. Maybe today's his first day. I know it's not. Let's pretend it is. He comes in and he sits here. He's like, "Okay." You know, word's okay. And he comes over to Pastor Jesse or this sister. Hey, God bless you, sister. This And sister uh Lena's like, "Well, hey, brother. Do you ever been baptized?" I'm good. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it, sister. I'm talking talking to pastor now. You know what brother Ivonne said? He says, "One of the things you want the people you want to see come into your church," he says, "Have a teachable spirit." &gt;&gt; They don't know everything. They're not trying to act like this and try to act like that. &gt;&gt; Me and my pastor, brother Cam, here, we just dealt with a certain brother that come in. He's telling me about 12 books that the Freemasonry have that that are kicked out of the Bible. He's telling me about eight books that the Mormons have that are kicked out of the Bible that we need to get to this. And he's literally arguing with brother Cam. And I'm sitting there and I'm just like finally I said, "Brother, can we turn to Revelations 22?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Let's turn to that." I said it says right here that if we add or take away anything &gt;&gt; if you add those books you will go right into the tribulation the plagues that are written in this book that's the tribulation &gt;&gt; now if you take away anything oh we don't need the book of John we don't need the book of Genesis then your life will be take your name will be blotted out I said when I hit that saints of God that spirit had to be quiet Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Saints of God come with the teachable spirit. &gt;&gt; I don't know everything. We don't know anything &gt;&gt; is what we think. Saints of God, compared to what we should know, we're what brother said he's we're a million miles from where we should be. &gt;&gt; We should be getting a spiritual algebra. Brother, when it's time, speak with tongues, but don't pre don't speak with tongues when I'm when I'm when I'm preaching. It's be before or after service. If you guys are spiritual, let's get here an hour beforehand. Start get in the spirit. Bring forth a prophecy. We got some judges. We judge it. Is it good? Good. If not, wait. Let's repent. And then what then we need to get in these sort of things right &gt;&gt; now. Is there things moving? Absolutely. Pastor Jesse had so many testimonies. It's powerful. Now notice here he says, "But we know that thou are a teacher come from God." He says, "For no man can do these miracles that thou doest except God be with him." &gt;&gt; And because this man chose, he came out of his denominational system, he had some light in him. He was what? Probably a seed of God. He came to God, right? He came and met him. He left his organization. He did it in secret. He's But guess what? He still meant it. And because he came, &gt;&gt; we have the first sermon. Thou must be born again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And because he came, he had enough boldness. But remember, God was drawing him and caused him something. I'll say it like this. You don't you don't doubt the man out of Israel rose up and started all these miracles and all these organizations are doing things. are like and they're having meet they're having meetings because he he acknowledged he says he says uh we know that thou knowest they were talking about him how can this guy even do this his mom and father he's a he's a he's a child of fornication how can he do this he must be a teacher sent from God how did he do these miracles how I've never heard anyone speak like that &gt;&gt; something moved on his heart so much so saying that he pushed his way and had an audience with God &gt;&gt; and now what we're given John 3:16, the most famous scripture in the entire history, came because a Pharisee wanted what? To hear wanted to have a council with God himself. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Don't let's not let's not try and run our denominational brothers down so much. One day they're going to come they might have a greater revelation at time. I'll tell you this. They might come to this message and have a greater revelation than you and I ever could. Because if they get desperate, they'll leave their denomination. Much like us, much like the world we live, right? And what? God's going to give us great things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And what for 2,000 years, these scriptures in John 3 have been blessing people and saving people for all generations. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Approaching God. But he came to him as a student, &gt;&gt; thou teacher sent from God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And Jesus says, "You must be born again. What is this? What is he talking about?" &gt;&gt; And now this great ruler in Israel, he's learning things that are just, "What are you talking? How can I go into my mother's?" Jesus said, "Son, you don't even know what you're talking about. Say to God, that's now remember this. &gt;&gt; This is for us." Now remember the fullness of this word is supposed to be revealed in this day. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. &gt;&gt; What else is laying here? &gt;&gt; We have to seek the Lord. Notice that didn't stop, right? Whatever Jesus said to him in John 3, look what takes place in John 19. &gt;&gt; And after this Joseph of Arythea being a disciple of Jesus but secretly for fear of the Jews, here is a secret church believer. He secretly believed in Jesus. Yeah. He had to go through his he had to go through the way of life and this this and not know letting anyone know he even believed in Jesus. &gt;&gt; But be because he was a true believer. He said besought Pilate that he came and took the body of Jesus and Pilate gave him leave and he came there and took the body of Jesus and there came also Nicodemus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Whatever Jesus said to Nicodemus in that night impacted him so much that he still believed that this was the Messiah. &gt;&gt; And he craved the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word was smoked. It was smitten. It was broken. It was beaten. It was bruised. It was a dead word. But he cared even for the dead word. Even the word that has no effect right now, it was not living. But what? He dressed it up. He He craved the very word, the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Sometimes it looks like we read the Bible and it's it's not striking us. It's not having any effect. These sermons maybe they just not having an effect. But saints of God, just keep craving that body and that spirit's going to rise up in that word again and it's going to set us on fire. It's going to set us ablaze. Amen. He says, "Then took the manner of the body and they took the body of Jesus and wound it in linen clothes with spices for as the manner of the Jews for to bury." Saints of God, these were this was a believer. And now look at the beginning of Jesus ministry and the end. And here he was. He was still in denomination &gt;&gt; and what he helped in the keeping of the body of Christ. He made sure this thing was ready and per and was fulfilling prophecy putting it into a grave that was prophesied thousands of years back. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; There's more of our brothers and sisters come out of denomination. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's more of our brothers and sisters going to come out of the world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Now let's continue here. John 13, seven parables, right? I know this is simple, but watch this. In verse 36, then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house. And the disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. You know, Jesus was going to preach seven parables, interpret one, and just leave it good. But look at the power of approaching God. &gt;&gt; Now they had full access to Jesus. Do we not have full access to the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; We do. We have the exact same access. The only thing is not in the flesh now. But we have to what? Wait in wait for God in prayer. The only reason we have the interpretation of the wheat and tears is because the disciples, &gt;&gt; something struck the disciples about that of all the parables, that's the one they wanted to understand. Something deep within them. Notice, and that wasn't Jesus. The word went forth and the Holy Spirit, the father started wooing on the disciples heart saying, "What does this mean? What do you know now? He's now now they caught everything he's saying. This was this was that which was spoken um in in uh dark sayings of old from the foundation of the world these secrets. But what does this one mean? &gt;&gt; And then Jesus proceeded to bring forth the revelation of this. Many of their eyes opened right there of this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And we have the interpretation because brothers in the church wanted to know something deeper. &gt;&gt; Are you seeing what I'm saying? I hope you're picking up what I'm trying to say. If you could band together, there would be some great mysteries unfold, even greater than what we know right now. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; The very secrets the prophet didn't even bring. You know what said he says God doesn't show the prophets everything. &gt;&gt; So since the prophets's been gone for 60 years, what can we glean from the Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; Now whatever we glean will be exactly in the word will be exactly messaged in this message lining up. &gt;&gt; It won't be exactly maybe specifically taught like he taught, but I'm telling you it's going to be in the word. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; These things are going to open up before us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, let me get to you. Well, brother, that was 12 disciples pulled on that. In Matthew 24, we'll be in closing here. Matthew 24. And as he sat upon the mount of olives, notice what it says. The disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be, and what shall be the sign of thy coming in the end of the world? And what takes place directly after this Jesus preach is this the six seals. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This was before they pulled this before Jesus even knew what it was because the revelation of Jesus Christ didn't come all the way until 696 AD or 98 AD when it was given to John. But by because what his disciples came they said Lord in other words tell me about the end time. What's that word? Tell me about esquetology. Tell me about the end time things. How's this all going to work out? And Christ gives him the first six seals. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "Oh, and I'll give you another sign. When you see that fig tree blooming, but remember, heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall never pass away. Amen. &gt;&gt; He put emphasis on the word. Amen. And then he goes into what the last three parables, wise and foolish virgin. Had not these disciples, had not the hol Okay, brother, that was 12 strong men anointed the future apostles of the New Testament. Turn to Mark 13:3. Mark 13:3. Brother, how are we going to get Malachi, brother Malachi, these three brothers right here, brother Jose, that brother, brother, brother Vang, brother Jess. How are we going to get all of our all of us together? And this brother here, how are we going to get all the all of us together to do this? Matthew 13:3, sorry, Mark 13:3. And as he was sat upon the Mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter, James, and John, and Andrew, only four of the 12, only four brothers had any interest in the end times. &gt;&gt; Faith, hope, and love. And then Faith's brother. Wait, no. Love's brother, Andrew, or Howard was It only took four brothers &gt;&gt; to get into a praying atmosphere, to get into an approach atmosphere, to get into a spot where they could approach Christ in such a way. &gt;&gt; Matthew knew nothing about this. Maybe they heard it, but alls I know is four brothers were hungering to know the deeper things of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. of the entire spectrum of of of disciples only four. &gt;&gt; See, it doesn't take many. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; At the last supper, there was only two involved. Peter, John, ask Jesus. John askked Jesus. There's faith moving to love. And love says, "Jesus, who is it?" &gt;&gt; It only took two brothers to find out the faults. &gt;&gt; The seed of discrepancy only took two. &gt;&gt; God's not a god of numbers. &gt;&gt; He's a God of quality. &gt;&gt; If he can get one man, two men in his hand, two will chase 10,000, one man a thousand, two chase 10,000. See, he multiplies. And what do we get? We get all these mysteries unfolding to us. &gt;&gt; In closing, saints, look at this. Revelations 1:1. Now the word is finished. We can't add anything or take away. But the but St. Paul called this Bible the unsearchable riches of Jesus Christ. You mean we can if the Lord Terry another hundred years saints of God, our grandchildren, our children's children will know things we know nothing about revelation wise. They'll taste wine we've never tasted. They've had stimulation of revelation. Saints of God you you and I might not even know about. &gt;&gt; But look here in Revelations 1:1. the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass and he sent signified by his angel and to his servant John right now why was John there look at John Revelations 1:9 I John who also am your brother and companion and tribulation in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ was in the aisle that is called Patmas for the word of God and for the testimony of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; there was one last book to be scribed. There was one last thing, one last book called the revelation of Jesus Christ. And we needed this book. This book is only understood by us in this day. Do we get that? &gt;&gt; You are the only generation or since the 60s that know what this these things are meaning. They have the true interpretation. But how did it come? Well, brother Sy, the Bible says, look what John says. He was in there for what? He was trying to gather the word. He was trying to write compile all these letters and get them into a book and for the testimony of Jesus Christ. He was still preaching. But look what the prophet gives us little insight. Brother Bam's dealing with John now. And that's the reason Patmas vision 120460. And that's the reason they put him out there. Why was he on the aisle? They thought he was dangerous to be among the society. But he was only carrying out the will of God. And God had a purpose under all that condition. Do you want to do you want to understand the deeper things? Look what took place here. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God could not use him in all the persecutions and things. So notice the condition before the revelation, before he was on the island. Remember Jesus said, "I'm coming back." The angels, they saw all the two angels said, "The way he left is the way he's coming." Amen. And now notice Peter's already martyed. James is martyed. All the us the rest of the apostles are martyed. John is getting older. And now notice the antichrist spirits trying to notice Ephesus had already fallen. The antichrist spirit was in. The nickelens were in. &gt;&gt; The persecution was rolling. But because of the pressures of the church, there was persecution over here. This brother's wavering. This sister's waving. They're coming. Look what look what look what the prophet says. Causing the saints was coming because the saints was coming. Oh, brother John, what will we do about this? And what will we do? The people from John's church in Ephesus were coming to him saying, "John, what are we going to do? I thought Jesus was coming. &gt;&gt; What are we going to do? We're going to all die. There's going to be no Christians left. Rome is going to persecute everything. The Jews are going to kill everybody. We're all dying. And John's over here dealing with this, dealing with this, dealing with this. Where? And he's like, "Lord, what do we do?" And God had to anoint the Roman Empire. What? To take him and try and kill him. They could not boil him in oil. So they sent him out on the island. And that's exactly where God wanted him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So notice, it wasn't necessarily for John, but because the people in the church, they were so hungry, saying, "Lord, where are we at? How much longer do we have?" And God had to take John out into the island with all these snakes and with all these heathens and all these criminals so that John could get aside by himself, get in the spirit of God and the last portion, the last puzzle piece of the Bible would be given at that time. &gt;&gt; And it only took one man. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. But that one man was for many people. &gt;&gt; Saints of God, look at everything that has been given to us is because people have sought God. &gt;&gt; You know why? When we come into the message, we heard about service because God sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; Because it was time to what? Prepare a bride. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Saints of God, we're not lifting up ministers. We're lifting up Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; There is a perfect purpose for everything. So, saints of God, I want to encourage you as we stand in this last move at the coming of the Lord in the church age book. What does the prophet say us? Let me just read this as in closing. You will recall that I mentioned at the beginning of this message that this book we are studying is the actual revelation of Jesus himself in the church and his works in future ages. Then I mentioned that it takes the Holy Spirit to give us revelation. See brother I listen to tapes. My pastor preaches all the time. But it has to be revealed to us. &gt;&gt; This has to be fully revealed to us. He says, "Then I mentioned it takes the Holy Spirit to give us the revelation or we will fail to get it." There's a last move coming. Bringing these two thoughts together, you will see that it won't take just ordinary study. Well, brother, I read my Bible. I I pray. I listen to tapes. It's not going to take ordinary study. He says to bring he says to bring these things it will not take ordinary study and make and thinking to make this book real. It's going to take the operation of the Holy Ghost. That means this book cannot be revealed to anyone but a special class of people. You know Nicodemus was a special class of people. The disciples were special class of people. You know in the in the time when Jesus was born brother said there was what six believers Mary Joseph uh Zachchariah his wife the prophet Santa then there's one other guy there were six true believers those were a special class that could what receive that what Jesus Christ is born is going to be born in a virgin he said that means this book can't be revealed to anyone but a special class of people it will take one with a prophetic insight even after the prophet's gone. Yes, it will require the ability to study for 12 hours a day. Let's say that it will require the ability to to memorize every quote, to memorize every scripture. It will require the ability to hear from God. &gt;&gt; But we've got to have the approach. Come to him as a student. Come to him as a wife. He says it will require supernatural instruction. Not just a student comparing verse with verse, though that is good. But a mystery requires the teaching of the spirit or it never becomes clear. So if there's anything you're hearing that's a little bit hazy or there's a a dark cloud or some uh you're in the fog, saints of God, just seek the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Seek the one that inspired the very writing of this book. If you seek the one that wrote the book, he knows exactly what he meant when he penned it. Jesus knew exactly what he meant when he said it. Amen. You can have confidence in that. He says, "But a mystery requires a teaching of the spirit or never becomes clear how we need to hear from God." He says, "And to lay ourselves open." What's laying? It's a humbling. It's a humiliating hum a humiliating time and become yielded to the spirit to hear and know. Do you want that? It's time we lay down everything. After I was listening to your revival, I know exactly what I need to lay down in my life. The one thing Abram had to lay Abraham had to lay down was his son. He loved his son. He didn't ask him to bring Sarah up there, but this promised son that he longed for for a hundred years. This is my boy. Remember, Brother Jesse, every time Sister Kristen got pregnant, boy, boy, boy, girl, praise the Lord, we got a girl. But when Malachi Malachi Zia, that's just something with the the dad, right? Nothing. Sisters are great. The daughters are amazingly sweet honeys. But God wants us to come in contact so he can display. Saints God, he will be so pleased when we perform these things to where he will answer back. We cannot quit until we get an audience with God. Do never become satisfied in this condition. When have I when have I heard from the Holy Spirit in the last two years, year, six months, yesterday? Do we hear? Are we hearing from the Holy Spirit like they did in the revival days? Remember that brother from the Welsh? He met with God for three months every night. He was taken, say thanks to God, he was taken into heaven before the Lord Jesus to prepare himself for the revival. And they commune for two to three hours a night for three months every night. Forget what you think desperation is, what you think it is. Forget what you think uh uh being approached. Praise God. We have to get to that level. It's still possible. The lamb is still on the throne. &gt;&gt; He is still He's waiting for us to get that yielded. &gt;&gt; And I'll say it like this. I don't know of anyone else in that revival that did that. It takes one person. &gt;&gt; God would usually deal with what? One person at one time. Three months he spoke face to face with God, asking him questions, knowing God. He had to know God like Moses knew him to bring that kind of revival. He had to look into the eyes of the of the of the eternal one and ask him in that presence where John felt and fainted and almost felt as dead. He was in that presence but he was so humble. What kind of person must he been like? What kind of person was he that God said come up here and talk with me? come up hither like John. &gt;&gt; But what? He was hungry. He sought the Lord Jesus Christ. Musicians, if you come up, saints of God, don't stop till you get there. &gt;&gt; Remember, it's still possible. You know what what the end of the end of Mueller's testimony was? He said, "A lot of people think I'm a special person or I'm a special man." He said, "No, this faith that I have is available to everyone." He said, "I am nothing special. This is Jesus Christ." Well, brother Sai Mueller's this and Finn's this and no, no, there is no great ones. &gt;&gt; All of you sons and daughters of God have this potential inside of you right now. But we have to do it. It's good to hear these things. It's good to see these things. But there's come to a spot where we have to perform it. The tribulation is just months and years, months or weeks or whatever way. It's still coming. Saints of God, death is still coming. The Philistines are among us. What What Chiniki say? 1850s. The Jesuits already had New York. Chicago and LA, they already had them back 100 plus years ago. 200 plus years ago almost they have everything in line. This thing is a giant worldwide trap. The prophet said we had better get we better find the true approach and go through the blood of Jesus Christ. Start right there at Calvary. Say, Lord, thank you for dying for me. Take communion. Do this in remembrance. Not of what he's doing. Not at the not he didn't say do this in remembrance of what I'm going to do in the future at the rapture. He always pointed back to Calvary. The point was not to the future. It was point to right here when I died for your sins. When I gave my body when I when I purchased you. Go back to that right there. Start right there. Let's bow our heads. Saints of God. If you need prayer, we'd be more than happy to pray for you. If you have an aquest request a silent request an unspoken just raise your hand or if you need anything Lord Jesus Lord this was the thought you gave me and Lord look at what all we have been given because you sought Moses. Moses never sought you. But then when you sought Moses, Moses fell deeply in love with you. And Lord, then from that point, Lord, he wanted a conference with you. And time and time again, you would draw him and call him into your presence. And look, we have five books because of one man being hunted down. And Lord Jesus, you gave him the revelation. And then now look at what we have in the New Testament, Lord. And what you did with Nicodemus and uh Peter, James, and John, Lord. Look at all this. Look at the mind of God. The things you shared and the secrets, Lord, you gave to these, Lord. And Lord, they didn't just give them for for them, Lord. You gave them for us as well. But Lord, we can't add to the word now, Lord. Now, it's time, Lord, to catch the full revelation of Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus, we want to know you in a greater way. And Lord, as our as Pastor Jesse Lord wrote a book about the 12 mysteries and how one of the mysteries is finding the very will of God for your life. Lord George Mueller found the will of God for his life. Mr. Seymour, Lord, found the will of God for his life. And Lord Jesus, Lord, the one in uh the Welsh revival, Lord, the ones in Manhattan revival, Lord, and all the other revivals, Lord, you had a man that was ordained, God, to catch these things, Lord, to catch the mind of God and to lead the people, God, into the presence of of you, Lord, your presence, Lord. We love you. And Lord God, we ask, Lord, you work on their hearts, Lord, just like you said you would. Draw them, Lord. May you put such a spirit of prayer upon us today, Lord, that we will run to the closet, Lord, that we can't get wait to get out of the presence of our loved ones and come and pray to you, Lord. God, we're Lord, we're even reading the Bible, Lord. We need to get we need to talk with you, Lord. Your word's great, but Lord, we need spirit and power, God. We need spirit and word, Lord. Lord, we want to come in conference, Lord, with you, your presence, Lord. And Lord, if we could just get like that brother in in Wales, Lord, you called him up for three months and spoke to him, Lord. And Lord God, we still believe it's possible, Lord. Lord, I believe, Lord, it's even more possible for us, Lord, with this revelation. But you said to whom much given, much is required. It'll take a greater sacrifice in this day. Lord, we love you. Bless the people, God. Lord, you saw their hearts. You saw their hands. Lord God, answer their prayers, God. draw them into thy presence. Woo them, Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. We love you. Saints of God, we hope that you've heard from the Lord this morning. You know, God can use a sister to catch a revelation that will set the brothers on fire. I heard that there's a sister over in Lraine that was reading the Bible and the Lord showed her uh Lot and her his two daughters. Well, how can anything good come out of Moab? And here we see Ruth come out of it. And because God allowed that interaction between Lot and his daughters to bring forth a Ruth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; That nugget, that revelation came from a sister reading the word of God and God just dropped the golden nugget right there and she's like swapped it up and she what? Started sharing it with the brothers just like the woman at the well. Come see this revelation God gave me. Praise God. Because what? If God gives you something, it's not necessarily for you, but it's for all of us. Amen. We hope you're blessed this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; May God bless you. Just skip RS around.
