################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Brother Zachary Wallace "Love of God" - Zachary Wallace - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Brother Zachary Wallace "Love of God"
Speaker: Zachary Wallace
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sk3KScfnII
========================================

[Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Hello. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, Lord, holding your hand. So let your kingom come, Lord. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. Oh, this is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters [Music] [Laughter] sing. Oh, I surrender my all. Yes, we do. Lord, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeemed as the saints from every nation. Our awakening to sing from our hearts. There comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worippers arise. Did you come to worship him? Let the sons and the daughters [Music] see. Lord, I surrender my all. I surrender to you, Lord. I surrender to the King. Father, I see the bride rejoicing in a song of victory. For every chain of death is broken and we have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, let our worship bring praise to our Lord. Oh, glory to our king. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the signs and the daughters [Music] see. Oh, I surrender my all. Yes, we do, Lord. I surrender to the King. Can we sing that third verse again? Oh, yes. Father, I see the bride rejoicing in a song of victory. For every chain of death is broken and we have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, let our worship bring praise to our Lord. Give gloryy to our King. Let the worshippers arise. Can you just worship him this morning? Oh, let the sons and the daughter [Music] sing. Oh, I surrender my all. I surrender to you, Lord. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the signs and the daughters [Music] see. Oh, I surrender my all. Yes, Lord, I surrender to the King. Can you just lift your hands and worship him this morning? Dear heavenly father, oh Lord, we just love you. We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, Father. Lord, we just count an honor, Lord, to be in your house this morning, Lord. Lord, to give you worship, Father, to praise you, Lord. Lord, we just ask that you would just come and walk down these aisles this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would touch every heart, Lord. Lord, I pray Lord that no one leaves here, Father, without a touch from you, Lord. Lord, we just love you. We thank you, Father. Oh Lord, we just give you praise, Father. We ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Can we sing that again? Oh, let the worshipers arise. Oh, let the sands in the daughters [Music] see. Lord, I surrender my all. Yes, we do. Lord, I surrender to the King. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing? It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And oh, Pharaoh looked like he had the victory. Oh, but the waters rolled on back with the breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you now. Oh, Joshua took a walk around Jericho. Lord, you told him, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, and it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now, Elijah, all them prophets said that he was wrong. Oh, send the fire down to their gods. They prayed all day long. Then Elijah prayed and down came the fire and it ain't nothing. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry to hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now I was lonely saying I broken my heart in two. All the pieces I couldn't men with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Though this body is slowly dying without and within. Oh, I ain't worried though. The skin worms eat my skin. Cuz you'll open heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand and says, "It ain't nothing for the Lord. Oh, it ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry. Hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for one more time as I come for the offering. It ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may work. It ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart into all the pieces I couldn't man with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Amen, brother Tim. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And oh, Pharaoh, it looked like he had the victory. Oh, but the waters brought on back with the breath you blew. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. It ain't nothing for him. Whatever you're going through, Amen. It's nothing for him. Amen. How great is our [Music] God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, and all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, the splender of the king. Oh, he's clothed in [Music] majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps himself in light. Oh, and dark and his tr. Oh, but trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great Oh, how great is our God. Oh, now to age. Yes. Oh, and time. Oh, the beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. Oh, the God had three in one. Oh, his father, their spirit son. He's the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, just sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, he's a name above all names. Lord, you are worthy of all my praise. Oh, in my heart we'll sing. How [Applause] great is our God. Sing it again. He's the name above. There's no one like him. You are worthy of our praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, just sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, just sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, he's the name. You are worthy. He is worthy of all praise, Lord. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Can we sing it with no music now? How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, how great. Do you believe he's great this morning? Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how [Applause] great is our God? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Oh, we serve a great great God this morning. Amen. [Music] Amen. It says uh please remember um our daughter-in-law uh dealing with um is it arthritis? Okay. So, let's just keep her in our present from brother Amos. Amen. Let's keep those uh their daughter-in-law in their in our prayers this morning. Amen. Uh we want to keep Sister Jane in our prayers that the Lord would just continue. It's really good to see her this morning. Amen. Uh I believe uh the the the stone is still there. They are scheduled to Tuesday, I believe, to to remove the stone. Amen. But we're believing with Sister Jane that the Lord will just uh take the stone away or if he decides to to use the doctor's hands, we're going to believe for that, too. Amen. So, let's just keep Sister Jane in our prayers this morning. Amen. It's uh really good to have brother Tim back with us. Made it safe and sound. And I failed to mention it's really good to have mom and the family back with us. Amen. From Ohio. Um they've been gone for a week there. Amen. We want to keep dad and uh Faith in our prayers that the Lord would just be with them. Um I believe the the services are are going pretty good down there. It's uh him and brother Doug Baker been uh preaching a meeting there in Alaska. So, let's just continue to remember them in our prayers. Amen. Let's remember the man of God. The Lord would just use him in a special way. Brother Zachary Wallace. He's here with us again. Amen. Uh also, it is really good to have Sister Susie, uh Brother Junior's mother and his two sisters with us. Amen. Really good to have y'all with us. Maybe we could ask uh Brother Terry if you would come and lead us again this morning in prayer. Amen. How many has an unspoken request but lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. Amen. We serve a risen savior. Do you believe that? Amen. Let's excuse me. Bow our heads. We all just pray in our way and believe God for the results. Lord Jesus, first of all, we want to thank you for being assembled here as we have sung the songs of Zion and to praise your name. Brother Ram told us before you ask any petition to thank the Lord for what he means for us. Lord, that would of course take eternity to do that. But we want to say thank you, Lord, for as he preached on last time, behold, I send you Elijah the prophet. And we're thank you, Lord, for the vindication of grace, Lord, the revelation that you gave to us. And we so enjoyed the message Wednesday night. We appreciate that. Thank you Lord for the word for this hour. Brought us out of dark denominationalism realizing Lord that the this whole thing unionized world council churches all is going to head up. We don't know how soon but certainly very soon but it's thus sayith the Lord is going to happen. Father, we've been warned. We've been enlightened. We've got revelation. We know what our escape is. And again, thank you Lord that you send us this great message. Lord we pray for these requests. each one you know the needs and I just ask Lord that you give the traveling mercies when brother Sean and Sister Faith return back home be with them I know he's a little bit skeptical about flying but Lord I know you undergard to keep him as they're uh in the air and landing so forth bless the services there we pray and Lord bless the service this morning as he brings the morning message may it be spiritual food in due season and Lord to other requests that was given in you know the needs and we just commit them each one of your hands Lord we and continue to pray for Sister Jane. And I know that you'll be with her, Lord, as you'll guide the doctor's hand or remove the stone. Lord, your will be done, but we know you said you'll never leave us. You'll never forsake us. And by your stripes, we're healed. We proclaim that each one of these things, Lord, has been given in. We're happy, Lord, that we can be gathered in your name under the umbrella of a word message. Thank you, Lord, for the grace that been given. Double grace in this generation. Thank you, Lord, in Jesus name. Bless each one. We pray in Christ's name. Amen. [Music] How great is our God. You can be seated as brother Doug gets ready to come. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Five minutes. [Music] So [Music] [Music] tonight you [Music] [Music] Fire ground. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Grand [Music] I feel like traveling on and on. Oh, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Oh, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain nor death can enter there. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on and on. Oh, I feel like traveling [Applause] on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Now it's glittering towers, the sun out shine. I feel like traveling on. Oh, that heavenly mansion will be mine. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling on and on. I feel like traveling on. Brother Terry, you got a song for us? My heavenly home is bright and fair. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Now, let others seek a home below. For I feel like traveling on. Oh, which flames deire or waves overflow. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on and on. Oh, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. Lord, I feel like [Music] traveling. Lord, soon and very soon. I believe we're thankful for that. We've been looking for this for years and years and years, but it's going to come. It's going to be here. K of F. Well, there's work to be done. Lots of victories to be won. There is joy up the road that's never yet been told. There's a mansion waiting me in that land I cannot see. I'm going to keep on working till he comes. Oh, I'm going to keep on working till he comes. Till he comes. There's nothing in this world worth turning around to see. Well, my eyes on the prize that awaits me by and by. And I'm going to keep on working till he comes. Well, there's a message to be preached, lost souls to be reached, lots of hungry to be fed, little children to be lived. There's a river flowing free from the soul that's in me. And I'm going to keep on working till he comes. Oh, I'm going to keep on working till he comes. Till he comes. There's nothing in this world worth turning around to see. Oh, my eyes on the prize that awaits me by and by. I'm going to keep on working. I'm going to keep on working. I'm going to keep on working till he comes. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, he hears me and he helps me. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his home. You see, he's my companion. Oh, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, oh God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for you now. Your victory will come. Not in the way you think, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Can we stand and sing it? Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save an sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in need, just call on the Lord. Oh, he will hear you. Oh, and he will help you. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. You see, he'll be your companion. Oh, your best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Reach Jesus, the lion of Judah with all your hearts now. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love [Music] story. Amen. Do you believe him to be tremendous this morning? Amen. [Applause] Amen. As we invite brother Zachary to come. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Oh, this is it's my desire, Lord, to honor you. And Lord, with all of my heart, I worship you. Oh, and all I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore is in you. Oh yes, Lord. I give [Music] you. I need for you, oh Lord. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in [Music] me. Amen. I bless you this morning, saints. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and so much more. to be the house of the Lord to be the dwelling place. What house will you build him? What where is the place of his rest? Where will be his tabernacle? It's not a house made by hands, but it's a body. Just go to the Lord in prayer this [Music] morning. Lord, we we love you. We thank you, Lord, that your presence is here among us, Father. Lord, not only do we know that by divine presence, Lord, but divine promise, Lord, but we feel your presence among us, Lord. And we just want to entertain you here this morning. We want to make you welcome, Lord. And I just ask, Father, that you would take this vessel of clay and use it, Father, to speak your word. And I pray, Lord, that it would be directly to the situation and the needs that's in our hearts and lives, Father. And I just pray that you would have freedom, Lord. And and I ask, Father, if there's anything that would hinder this service, Lord, if there's any sin in my heart, Lord, if there's anything in this congregation, Lord, I'm asking that the allsufficient blood of the Lord Jesus Christ would just come and cleanse and wash away every stain. Father, that we might enter into your presence this morning, Lord, with just freedom and joy. I ask, we ask your blessing upon each one here this morning and your blessing upon the word of God in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be here again with you. Uh most of you were here on Wednesday night, but uh uh looking forward to what the Lord has for us this morning. If we could turn to Revelations the 19th chapter. Just uh we'll take a a scripture there. And you know, on on Wednesday night, I was preaching about the the grace of vindication and how how it's the grace of God that would show his word to us and make it real to us and how this message was vindicated to us. And I forgot, you know, you always think about a sermon and you're like, why didn't I say that or why didn't I read this? And I after the service I remembered that quote in the church age book where brother Brandham says uh speaking about this last day messenger and he says he will be more thoroughly vindicated than any messenger since the days of Enoch any prophet since Enoch and uh you know you think about these things after you say them but but you know we have received a message that's been vindicated so clearly that you know it it'd be a sin not to believe in Revelation Ians chapter 19 and verse 7. We'll read a a scripture here. Says, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready." Can be seated this morning. Uh, you know, I had a I had a sermon. I was all ready to preach here this morning and for about two weeks I was like, "Yep, this is where we're going. This is what we're doing." And then yesterday afternoon, the Lord just kind of took it a different direction. So, uh, you'll just bear with me this morning, but I do believe it's it's something the Lord wants to express. But, but I I I've been looking a lot lately at this thought of of rapturing grace and how that God has has sent us a message. He has sent us a word and it was to bring us into a rapture condition because we know we're in that rapturing age. And and brother Brandham when he was preaching the the seals, he tells the people that he says, you know, there really hasn't been a revival for the bride yet. He says, "We're waiting for it and it'll take the seven thunders to wake up this bride to get her to get her into position." And and then he goes on to tell us later in questions and answers. He says the seven thunders was what the seven seals was what the seven thunders was revealing. That's what the thunders was about. And so this great awakening for the bride was happening right there when he's saying we're looking for it to happen. And and I believe that describes so many times the way people are. They're looking for a rapture. They're looking for a a something to happen. They're looking for something to get them ready. And it's already here. It's already taking place. It's already uh happening. And and kind of how the the people they were looking in that day saying, "Fast and pray. Fast and pray. There'll be a great awakening of the day sometime." And brother Brand says, "Why are they doing that?" Because they haven't recognized what's going on right now. They haven't recognized that awakening of the bride. And he says, "It's already happened right here. They didn't notice it. They didn't recognize it." And and so to to put it very very simply and very plainly, the the opening of the word, the opening of those seals, it is the it is the bride's revival. It's the awakening of the bride out of a dark denominationalism. And so when I read this quote here from 1959, you have to recognize it in its context. He's in the lo the angelist temple temple preaching to the Pentecostal peoples uh largely and he says we've got to have awakening right quick or you're going to miss the rapture friends it could happen at any time. So he's telling them this this Pentecostal group wake up wake up or you're going to miss the rapture. And now I I want to to uh make that um I I want to make that present tense to us right now. We know because of the opening of the word. We know because of the seals that the awakening of the bride has already been declared. It's already taken place. And so, how could the bride who is awake miss the rapture? Friends, it can't happen. You can't miss it. If you have received that opening of the word, if you have recognized your day and its message, how could you miss it? And to make that a little more clear, you know, I I was just at my my brother's wedding. I was able to officiate, which is really weird telling your brother he can kiss a girl, but but I was there officiating the wedding and and doing all these things, getting it all ready. And and and after the wedding, we had the we had the uh the the what do you call that? reception, everybody's eating and everything and and I was preaching the next morning. So, I ran off and and I left and I didn't get to see the bridal sendoff where they, you know, they send the bride off and they hold the sparklers or blow the bubbles or whatever they do. I don't know what they did. I wasn't there. I left early. And so, I didn't get to see the bride caught up. I didn't get to see the bride taken away. But, you know what? You could you could be wondering, "Hey, will I be a part of this? Will I be a part of this? Will will will I see this happen? Will I be there? But you know, there's one person at that wedding who wasn't worried about missing the sendoff. And that was Alyssa because she was the bride. And you know what? There's no husband that's ever left for the honeymoon and forgot his wife behind. It doesn't happen. If there's going if he's going to the honeymoon, he's going to take his bride with him. And we are not going to a marriage. We are going to the wedding supper. And after the wedding supper to the millennium, which is the honeymoon for the bride, he's not going to forget his bride behind. And if you have been identified by elective love, if he's come down and placed his choosing on your life and he said, "You are my bride. I love you. I have chosen you." Are you going to sit there after you've been united to him in an invisible union and say, "Well, I hope I don't miss it." Friends, oh my. You can't miss it when you're the bride of Jesus Christ. It's not going to happen. If you have accepted or received that rapturing grace that his favor is on your life, that his choosing is on you, then you're not fearful about it. You're not worried about it. You're in a relationship. Now, another example would be, you know, uh uh when you go to get travel someplace, you catch a flight and people that they'll warn you, don't miss your flight. And that's good advice. Anybody here ever missed a flight? Yeah. It's not a lot of fun and it's usually rather expensive and you're just like especially if you're on your way home after a trip, you're just like, I just want to get home and then you miss that flight. It's just a bad deal. So, you know, you really prepare. You make sure you try to get there early. You try to be there on time. You you you make sure you're going to be there. You're watching your your phone for any updates. Is my what's going on with my flight? What gates it going to be at? All these different things. So, there's a time there's a season when you're worried about missing it. But, you know what? When you've got your ticket in your hand and you've already made it on board that plane and you're in your designated position sitting on that plane with that token in your hand telling you that that's your place. You know what? I'm not worried about am I going to make it. I feel the power in that plane resonating through the wings. I feel the engines roaring up. I'm not worried about missing my flight. I'm already a part of this. I'm already on board. I'm in my position. I'm just waiting cuz any moment from now it's going to take off from off that earth and I'm going to take into the skies. I'm not worried about it. I'm resting in it. Oh friends, when you can recognize the grace of God, he's choosing. Now, if you're not a part of this bride and you're not a part of this and you haven't got into that relationship with him, well then there's a there's a certainly a lot of concern. Well, what about missing it? What about it? What about it? But when you have come into that relationship of an invisible union and you've come under that uniting and you've come under that headship of Christ which is all through this message of the hour when you have come under that there's not a fearful wonder if I'll miss it. Oh no you're a part of it. It couldn't go without you. My brother Justice did not leave that wedding without his bride. And she wasn't worried. I better keep an eye on him so he doesn't slip out the door without me. No. No. She was trusting that he actually meant what he said when he said he loved her when they made those vows to be united together. Now, we we we we somehow we've kind of got this this idea built up in our minds. And in a lot of ways, I would call it a complex. And and we know that the bride is perfect. And so we think that if we could just be good enough and and never make another mistake and and work really hard to be a perfect human that then we'll be good enough to make it in the bride. Well friends, that's a lie. That is not how God's economy works. And and and back I I'll share this testimony with you. Uh Hudson or brother Daniel, where's brother Daniel? Well, all right. Uh, Junior, can you grab my measuring stick? It's back here. Thank you, sir. Um, back about uh 10 years ago, I had went to a church meeting and asked if the Lord would heal me of migraine headaches. I said, "Lord, will you heal me?" Because I thought maybe the Lord put this here for some reason. And after and I went to that meeting. I says, "Lord, I've got one question. Can I be healed?" And the Lord told me, "Yes." He gave me a very clear answer. Yes, you can be healed. And I went home. I was really excited. I says, "Praise God, I can be healed." And for 10 years, I left it at can be healed. And you know what I was actually waiting for? I didn't realize it, but I started to notice later. I was actually waiting to be good enough that God would decide to heal me. You guys have low clearances here. You can just set it right here up front. And I was waiting until I was so good that or I did something so wonderful that the Lord says, "You know what? I'm gonna reward you by healing you. That was what I was actually doing in my mind. I was waiting to be good enough. And and and I I mean I don't know I don't know what I how I got that in my mind, but that is not what the word of God teaches. The word of God does not teach when you get good enough. I'll heal you. He says when you believe my word, when I said by my stripes you're healed, then you can be healed. That's what it's based on. Not on how good you are or how many good works you do, but believing the promise of God. And so I about about uh after about 10 years I was in a service and brother Andrew Glover was preaching on overcoming fear and I'm like I'm not afraid am I? And and the Lord's like you're afraid to claim your healing. I said well I'm not going to let that go one more day. And so I stood on that promise and I said Lord I'm standing on a promise. You said I could be healed and I'm claiming it this night. I receive and accept my healing. And that started a battle that night. I began to battle. I began to war with the enemy and I' I'd be sitting there, you know, vomiting with a migraine headache saying, "But Lord, you said I'm healed and I believe that over this pain. I believe that over this vomiting. I believe that over my circumstance." And and that went on for about four months until we came up here to the to the camp meeting here. And when I came back from that camp meeting a year ago, was completely healed of migraines. And it wasn't based off of how good I was. It was based off of me receiving a promise. But I I want to show you something here and and kind of I guess how we we build these things up in our minds. And and so we have down here we have this this measuring stick of of righteousness. And down here on the lower category, we have the filthy category. And then you get a little bit higher up and and you're not just filthy, you're dirty now. You're you're getting somewhere. And then finally, you get up to the top and you're righteous. And uh so let let's let's measure up here. Let's see. Brother David, let's see where you're at. Let's measure you on this stick here. All right. Let's see. This is supposed to be up higher, but we'll put it up here. There we go. So, there you are. You're right here. Look at this. This is where you're at. Turn around. See that? That means you're a part of that down there. You know what that's called? Filthy. You don't measure up today, buddy. Sorry. Go have a seat. Let's see. Uh, how are you doing? Let's measure you up. You know, we do this so many times. We say, "Oh, well, you know, I I came to the Lord. I I quit my lying. I quit my stealing. I I'm doing a little bit better. I don't smoke anymore. If I can just get rid of that drinking, then I'll finally be a better person." And so, we get on there. All right. Look at here, son. This is where you're at. You haven't quite made it to dirty yet. You're still filthy. All right. So, now, uh, Brother Branson, come on up here. Let's get you to measure up. All right. So, I mean, this guy, I mean, look at him. He's looking really good. He's He's giving his life to the Lord. He's I mean, he's wearing a tie. He's got some nice shoes on. There's a little speck on that one shoe, buddy. I don't know about this, but you know, he we're he's getting better. He's starting to measure up. We put him on the c on the on the on the measuring stick. And hey, you're right here, Branson. Look at this. You're right there. There we go. You know what? You're still down there in the filthy category. I don't care how much you think you've climbed up this, you'll always be down there because the best of your works, the best of your righteousness is filthy rags in the sight of God. The prophet of God said that God is so holy and so righteous that the angels look dirty in his sight. and you want to try and earn something by your filthy rags. No, it's not going to happen. You by your efforts, your ability will never make it out of filthiness. And you know what? There's only one thing that can ever put you up here in the righteousness of God. And that's not your efforts. That's not your ability. That is the blood of Jesus Christ and his grace that comes and he takes you and he takes your sins and he becomes sin. And that you might become the very righteousness of God. So that when you are clothed in his righteousness, the when God compares you, a sinner saved by grace that have come beneath that blood, the righteousness of God on you and an angel standing next to you, the angel would look dirty compared to the righteousness of God that you're clothe. That is grace. You didn't earn it. Now you lean that up against the wall right there. the grace of God. You'll never get anything from God by trying to measure up in your works. You'll never get anything from God by trying to be good enough and trying to do all, you know, all the Pharisee laws right. No, that's not what you're going to get. You need to get your eyes off of works. This bride is pure and she is virtuous. She's the sinless bride of the son of the living God. But that's not based on being a good Pharisee. that is based on not your ability or your works. Good works do not produce righteousness. All right? Good works produce filthy rags. Good works does not produce righteousness. Good works produce filthy rags. Righteousness, the righteousness of God produces good works. But your good works will never produce righteousness. That's right. Oh friends, we have this so messed up in our mind. We think if I'm just good enough, then I'll be righteous. No, you receive the righteousness of God and then he begins to work through you the good works. He begins to work through you the the the love and the kindness and the the goodness to his fellow man. And you know what an old saying Martin Luther made which is pretty good. He says, "God don't need your good works, but your neighbor does." You know, go you don't need to show God how good you are, but your neighbor could use a little bit of kindness sometimes. God is so far beyond man and his holiness and his righteousness. The scripture says in in in first in 2 Corinthians uh five it says that he was made sin for us. So that holy one without spot that holy one in such purity he became filthy in sin that you might be made the very righteousness of God. So I say to you, forget your works, forget your ability, forget your strength, and trust only in his righteousness and his grace on your life. His blood was enough. When he said it is finished, it doesn't mean you need to add one little bit of your own human ability to the equation. When he said it was done, it was finished. It's by God's grace that you have been washed as white as snow and been made the very righteousness of God. But humanly you will never feel good enough. You see, because your human feelings, if you really are honest with yourself, your human feelings will always leave you down in that filthy category because the best you could ever produce compared to God. That's right. Filthy rags. Amen. So, how can I be in that pure and perfect bride? Well, you're simply resting in his election on your life. The question has never been, "Are you good enough?" The question is, "Is he good enough?" There was a man, I love the little story, it his name was Papa Cox, and Brother Brandham talked to him. He says, "Papa, why don't you become a Christian?" He says, "Oh, well, Brother Brandham, I smoke these cigarettes. I don't know." And he says, "But Papa, why why don't you become a Christian?" He says, "I tell you what." He said, "Brother Brandham, I would become a Christian when I can get good enough." Go ahead. You know what brother Brandham said? I'll tell you what, Papa. You look around till you find where you can get good enough. Then tell me where that place is I want to go to. He says, "You'll never get to it that way." And he says, "Oh, I" He says, "Do you believe there is a God?" He says, "Yes, I believe as much as you do." He says, "Good." He says, ' Do you believe that that God came down and was made a man that he might pay the price for sins? He says, 'Well, yes I do.' He says, ' Then why don't you receive that?' He says, 'Oh, well, but these cigarettes, and brother Ram says, these cigarettes will take care of themselves. I'm not I'm asking you. I'm not a legalist. I believe in grace and all the father has come to me, the father has will give me. He says, if you believe that with all your heart, he said, with all my heart, I believe it. I said, 'Then will you accept it on those basises that you're not worthy of it? This is the way to receive every promise of God. Receive it on the basis that you're not worthy of it, but he's the one that's worthy. Don't look at yourself. Look at him. Cuz you ain't can't do nothing for yourself. Look at the one that did something for you. What about him? Oh, he said he's worthy. I said, that's it. Then accept what he gives you. took him to the water, baptized him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He got out of the water and he smoked another cigarette. But you know what? A little bit of time went by and there came a day where he never wanted to touch the things again. You see, he started out by accepting the grace of God in his life. And that grace and that mercy began to work out a good work in him. And if he'd ever tried to get there on his abilities, you know what? He'd still be working on it. Amen. So if it's if it's the grace of God, if it's the love of God that's been expressed, then we we get this question like, well, what makes me any different than anybody else? If it's not my abilities. Well, you're right. It's called grace. It's called his love. It's called his choosing on your life. prophet of God talks about the the bride being like a piece of fabric that a woman would lay a pattern over top and she'd lay that pattern on there and then she he says it's of her own choosing where she chooses to place that. She says I'm going to cut it out here and then she cuts it out. He says it's the same material. It's the same fabric. You're just as much human as anybody else. You're just as much of a a mortal as anybody else. But there's been an election. There's been a grace put on your life. And he said, "I choose this one. This is the one my elective love is placed upon. It's nothing you did to earn it. It's nothing you did to deserve it. It's called grace. Oh, what makes you different than anyone else? What makes you different from a vessel of mercy and a vessel of wrath fitted for destruction? What makes you different? The elective grace of God. Oh, if you think you have anything to do with it, then go back to Pharisee school. You haven't learned anything yet. Amen. Now, we're not here by an accident. We're not here by coincidence. It is the choosing of God, the love of God, the grace of God upon your life. And this grace doesn't just happen when you were here on earth and God just decided, you know what? I guess I'll take that one. No, this elective grace goes back before the foundation of the world. When the sons of God were shouting for joy, when they seen your name put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, it put a joy and a song in our heart then and it'll put a joy and a song in your heart now when you recognize that you've been a part of this from eternity. Prophet of God says an invisible union, he says your new life is in the lamb's book of life, your marriage certificate. You were where your true eternal germ from the beginning takes hold. You're not only forgiven, but you're justified. Justified. Your marriage certificate. So, your marriage certificate. What What is a marriage certificate? Well, we just signed one last weekend. Uh they put on there Justice Wallace. Alyssa. Alyssa McGary Wallace. And then there's some witnesses written down witnessing that this marriage took place, that the vows were made, and that there was a promise between them, that they would love one another. And you know what is very special about that marriage certificate for because they come they start out blank but by the time it's done there's names on that marriage certificate and that marriage certificate identifies a very specific person. Now you know to to to to you sister Ruth that marriage certificate might not mean a lot because you know what it don't have your name on it. If that marriage certificate don't have your name on it, it really doesn't mean a lot to you. But when you see that lamb's book of life and it opens up, that opening of the word began to reveal identities that were a part of this from the foundation of the world and you can look in there and you can read that marriage certificate. Who is the lamb's wife? Who is this bride? And you look in there and you read your name there on that marriage certificate. Oh, brother, sister, it takes all the worry, all the fear, all the nervousness. You're resting in his grace. You're resting in his elective love on your life that was placed there before the foundation of the world. So, how could you miss it? Impossible. Not one name that was on that book will ever miss being a part of this bride of Jesus Christ. It's your marriage certificate. Amen. So, you begin to understand why. Because that marriage certificate, that lamb's book of life, it was sealed up. But this message God sent in this last hour. He sent that seven sealed book open down to man so that that prophet could reveal it to the people. That's why it's so important. That's why us preachers are always talking about the seals coming open and what's going on. It's because it gives you a position and it gives you a rapturing faith. You look at how many times brother Bam talks about that opening of the word, that third pole, that that that those thunders being what gives the rapturing faith. And and I want to read here uh in the first first uh seal he says uh but when it started to write those other seven thunders he said don't write it. He'd been commissioned to write everything he seen. But when he seen seven thunders over in Revelations 10 uttered he said don't write them at all. They're mysteries. We don't know what they are yet. This is the first seal. We don't know what they are yet but my opinion they'll be revealed right away. And when it do, it'll give faith for that rapturing grace for that church to move out. Faith for rapturing grace. Brother Brandt talks about rapturing faith about 30 times, rapturing grace about 15 times. And a and I want you just to look at this faith for grace. Now, if if uh if if if somebody uh let's see, let's see. You're not married back there, right? What are you? What's uh is it Rose? Mariah. Anyway, so Mariah, if somebody comes up to you, some fine-looking young man, and he comes up to you and he says, "You know what? You're the most beautiful girl in the whole world to me." He says, "Mariah, I I just love you so much. I want to spend more time with you." Now, there's a question. Do you believe him? If you don't believe him, if you don't have faith in what he's saying, then you're not going to believe or receive the grace or the favor that he's expressing to you. And how many times have we heard God's love letter expressed in this hour? And we're like, but do I really believe he's talking about me? You have to have a faith for this grace. You have to have a faith to receive this favor. And it's such an incredible favor. You know, we're here in our filthy rags. We're here in our sin. And he comes to us and he begins to express love to us. Not when we were cleaned up, but while we were in sin and while we were in darkness and and all of the filth of the world. That's when God so loved us that he gave his only begotten son. God's love for us was not when we were brought up and made up into the righteousness of God. He loved us while we were a sinner. Oh, and we have such a hard time receiving that kind of love. We just say, "I just can't believe that he means that about me." But you see this this opening of the word, this opening of the seals, it began to open up to us a faith for this grace. We began to have a confidence. Hey, I've been a part of this. God, God chose me before the foundation of the world. I read my name right there written in the book. John looked in and he seen his name. That's the bride. Says, "I'm a part of this." Brother Mary says another place. He looked beyond the curtain of time and he said, "Why there's John?" You see, when you realize that you're a part of this and it gives you such a faith to receive that grace, faith for that rapturing grace for that church to move out. This message of the hour has identified you. It has placed you and it has told you what belongs to you. The prophet says here in visible union he says just like I said that little eagle when he heard the bridegroom's voice that's what this message of the hour is when he heard that bridegroom's voice he went to it the anointed vindicated word of God for the last day speak brother man speaks over here in uh Christ mystery of God revealed and he's talking about how it's the love secret of God being expressed to his bride and how he's just he's sharing he's this this love secret with her. He says, "What what was once in God's mind is now in the body of Christ, Jesus making love to the church, his bride, whispering secrets to her." Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh friends, when we recognize the love of God that has been expressed to us and he says you know he says I mean I mean to his wife and and you know by having the revelation of his secret made known to them by his grace. Oh how the grace of God revealing these love secrets to her beginning to express these things to her. And so I I all of this here I'm kind of setting as as the background as the premise of of where I want to move into. When we realize the love of God, when we realize his grace for us, how incredible it is, then it ought to respond back. There ought to be something move on the inside of us because God sent us a message to declare. It's a love letter. He sent us a bridegroom's voice. That's what this message of the hour is. It's the bridegroom's voice. It's expressing his love to us and yet I feel so many times we sit there and we just don't really pay it any attention. We don't give it the love and the response back that it's worthy of. But if you can catch a vision of the love of God, that that love of God, how rich and pure, that love of God that's measurless and strong, and how if we could if we were to write the love of God, it would it would drain the ocean dry. and the sky could not hold the tale of the love of God. We could speak all of the this this service just about that love of God. But I I pray that the Lord has been able to quicken to you about that love. But I want to talk now. We've been talking about his love for us. Now I want to talk about our love back to him. Abraham says here now some of you haven't loved him like you should. Some of you are real, honorable Christians and you haven't loved him like you ought to. You know, you're guilty and you don't pray enough. I'm going to put my hand up now. I don't pray enough and I'm ashamed of myself, of my life. I I asked him to come to this meeting and I'm ashamed of my life before him. I'm ashamed of my life before Jesus. Bless his heart. He came from heaven this morning to visit us, come to us, talk to us, to speak to us. He is speaking us right now that still small voice down in our heart. And I friends, I don't want to I don't want you to get a negative idea, but I want to express it like this. And how I believe you love the Lord, and that's good, but I believe you ought to love him a little more. I believe you love the Lord. I believe you have a relationship with him. But if if I could put it in this context of of my personal experience, you know, I love my wife and and I I really appreciate her and I love her, but every once in a while she sits down with me and she reminds me, listen, you know, if you love me, you need to talk to me. Anybody ever had that conversation? You know, and I do love my wife, but I get busy and I get busy about all my my business and my work and my traveling and whatever's going on. and and I don't maybe spend the time with her that I ought to. It's not because I don't love her, but I it just something just needs a little bit of a a refocusing. And that's how I want to approach the church this morning. I'm not saying you don't love the Lord. But are you spending the time with him like you ought to? Are you spending the time to talk it over with him? Oh, the prophet of God, he says, "I'm ashamed of myself cuz I don't pray enough." And friends, I I know that's a a true testimony of my life. I don't spend the time talking to him like I ought to in that real love relationship of just a fellowship with him. I love him. I really do in my heart, but I need to spend more time with him. The unwelcomed Christ, Bill Ram says, she came up and she said, "I want the best alabaster box you got in the store. I want the best you got." And she clinks the money down. Oh, when he's seen the money, it's different now. I want the best you got. He is worthy of the best. What do you do for him? Give him the leftover. Oh, yes. You run around all day and you give him three minutes at night before you go to bed. Jesus deserves your best friend. He deserves everything you got. But what do you do about it? You give him just anything. He takes it. He takes it anyhow. He takes it. But but she said, "I want the best." And it cost her everything she had to give the best. But that's what you want to do. Give your best to give him your best. Give him the best of your life. Give him the best of your songs. Give him all your talent. Give him everything you got. Give him your feet. Give him your hands. Give him your eyes. Give him your mouth. Give him your ears. Give him your soul. Give him your heart. Give him your praise. Give him everything you got. Hallelujah. He deserving of the best. I ask you again like you asked Papa Cox, what about him? Is he worthy? He's worthy. He's worthy of our praise. He's worthy of our service. He's worthy of our time. prophet of God said in in I think it was enticing spirits. He says, "You show me a man, a a housewife, a a farmer, a a mechanic, a preacher that will put God first." He said, "I'll show you a man that'll be successful in spite of everything the devil tries to do to him. You want the equation for success?" That's right. Give God your best. Place him first. Hearing Abraham says here in testimony, he says, "The world's at the end of the age." And he breaks right into this. He was going a different direction. He breaks into this. He says, "The world's at the end of the age. Only in Christ are you saved." And I'm not saying that to scare you. I'm saying that just as sainely as I know how to stand here in this platform and say it. But my heart's been stirred for a time. And I know that we're ready for something now. Come in. And you Christians don't stay in that lukewarm condition anymore. You lay aside everything. Just get as close to God as you can. Walk with him. Talk with him. Let everything else be secondary but your prayer life. Stay right with him all the time. Now, I don't know why I stopped in my speech to say that, but I could prove that. I'd be willing to say that that's the spirit of God that's speaking right now. A warning to you. That's right. Remember, I'm saying that under the anointing of the spirit of God, let everything else be secondary, but your prayer life. You see, your prayer life is putting God first. It's your relationship with him. It's your fellowship with him. Let everything else be secondary but your prayer life. But friends, how many times does that end up fourth, fifth, sixth place way back down on the back burner because well, we can get by with it. We can He He's not going to strike us dead, but he wants fellowship. He's not angry at you. He's lonely. He wants to have a relationship with you. He wants to have a friendship and a fellowship with you. And he's just waiting to hear your voice. Come to him and and speak to him and commune to him. He's longing for that fellowship. Amenise. But we're too busy chasing after money or whatever other nonsense we have in this lukewarm leodyian age of riches and increased with goods that we don't got time for the lovely Lord Jesus. Everything else secondary but your prayer life. Oh, how we should have such a sincere love for him and just a desire to be in fellowship with him. But I I want to bring that down a little more personal. In John 13:34, he said, "A new commandment I give you, that you love one another as I have loved you, and that you also love one another. By this shall all men know that you are my disciples, if you have love one to another." Amen. Let's get our Bibles and let's turn over to the book of First John. I want to read a portion of scripture here. And I know this might not be maybe standard preaching, but I believe it's what the Lord put on my heart this morning. First John the 4th chapter verse verse 7 here. He says, "Beloved," 1 John 4:7, "Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love." In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten son into the world, that we might live through him. Do you see that the manifestation of love is the sacrifice? If you love, there will be a sacrifice. Here in his love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his son to be the propitiation for our sins. Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. Amen. No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us. Hereby know we that we dwell in him and he in us because he hath given his us of his spirit. And we have seen and do testify that the father sent the son to be the savior of the world. Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him. Amen. Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment, because as he is, so are we in this world. There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear. Because fear hath torment, and he that fearth is not made perfect in love. We love him because he first love us. And if a man say, "I love God," and hateth his brother, he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen? And this commandment have we from him, that he who loveth God love his brother also. Amen. Now, we we received a great revelation in this hour through the through the message of the hour that's declared to us that the body of Christ is on this earth right now. This bride is the incarnate body of Christ. And if you say you love God, but you don't love your brother, you're lying. You say, "Oh, I believe this great revelation of the hour, this great message of the hour. It's told us that the deity is not in heaven, it's in earth, it's in us. But then if it's in us, us is not just me. Us includes brother Amos. It's in us. And now if I'm wanting to do something for God, if I'm wanting to express my love to God, but I don't love my brother, I'm lying. You cannot truly have a love relationship with God and hate your brother. Amen. You see, you can have a religion and hate your brother. You can have a religion and crucify the Lord of glory. But if you really love the Lord, you'll love your brother. Amen. Amen. I I feel like so many times we get into this this this this uh approach of of the Pharisees and and how we begin to measure each other. We begin to measure Go ahead. We begin to measure one another. We begin to look at at Brother Amos and and what's your name, brother? Brother Bill. We begin to look at Brother Amos and Brother Bill and we begin to put little marks on the chart on where how they're doing. Well, you know, Brother Amos, he's over here and Brother Bill's over there and and we begin to measure each other and and we begin to judge one another and see how they're doing and and we begin to think, well, you know, he's getting up here and that one's down there. Well, you know what that is? That's a bunch of pigs laying in the mud calling each other filthy. They're all filthy. There's not one of you that are righteous. There's not one of you that have any merit. And you want to look over at your brother and condemn him because he's a failure and he's a sinner. Well, brother, sister, you are no better than them. There is not one good thing about you. What is good about you is the grace of God that has come to you and that was not your merit. That's not what you deserve. So why do we stand here judging our brother and condemning our brother? Hey, I recognize they made mistakes, but you know what? I made them, too. I recognize that they have failures, but I have them, too. There's not one good thing about me, but I've accepted the blood of Jesus Christ, and I'm pleading that same blood over my brother that the grace of God would come upon him. Condemnation will never bring a brother out of the mud. Friends, that's not what's going to do it. And if you ever actually get into the presence of God, very true. Let me let me read this quote here. It's lengthy and I know you've already heard it probably a dozen times, but I'm here to stir up your memory. Brother man says, "If the devil can keep us separated and he's got us shooting at one another, why? He's got an open target anywhere he wants to shoot. And what's the use of shooting? We're shooting one another. So, he can just sit back and relax." He says, "You're doing the devil's job." He says, "But let me give you if I found grace in your sight through God," has the prophet found grace in your sight through God, have you recognized that he's a special voice to you? He says, "If I found grace in your sight through God, he says, then you if you want to be a blessing and get a blessing when a man has done you wrong and he's absolutely justly, I mean, he has done you wrong and you know that he's done you wrong. He's done you evil. Don't mention that. You take him to prayer before God. And don't take it in a way of just a selfish and say, "Well, I'm supposed to do this." You know, that's like my kids when I tell them, you know, say sorry and give each other a hug. Sorry. That's not what he's talking about. Don't take it selfishly. He says, "Not just I have to do this." He says, "But you stand there with your shoulder to his shoulder and stand in the presence of God our father." Way a prayer should be made in the presence of God and say, "Father, here's my brother and he justly he deserves punishment because he's he's done me evil and I don't see why he did it." Then let God go to talking to you. See, we're talking about real prayer right now. Prayer is a two-way conversation. Then let God go to talking to you and you'll see maybe what that man's been through. and the devil has twisted him up somewhere and caused him to do that. And though he's absolutely wrong before you leave the throne of God, you'll be feeling sorry for that man. You'll be sympathizing with that brother. And when you get back down here to earth, you'll go over to that brother and shake his hand because you know what he's been through. You cannot stand with a mortal in the presence of God and condemn anybody. I don't believe so. No sir. Even if he is a rank sinner. And what about a brother that's made a mistake. Though I say he's wrong, sometimes he's accused wrong when he's not wrong. But if he's wrong, well, if we'll take him to the throne of God, stand there shoulder-to-shoulder with our brother, knowing that he's immortal, and maybe his destination rests upon our attitude towards him. I'll pick up on that later. He says, "When we come back from the throne of God, we'll realize that we're everyone guilty. And we all need help one from another. And the best way to do is prayer." Well, friends, you can't artificially manufacture that kind of love. You can't do it. You know, I I try to encourage my kids to to be kind to one another and and to give each other a hug, but you know what? That's that's put on because it's not in the heart. But I'm just like, "Well, at least your actions are going to be what I want." You know, even if your heart's not there. And and you know, we do what we can. But you, you know, and I feel like so many times when we come to church and we begin to rub shoulders with a brother that rubs us the wrong way. You know what? That's exactly what God wanted. Because there's nothing that'll cut a diamond like a diamond. It takes the same material. There's nothing that can cut you to the heart like a brother. And God values that more than gold. God don't value things the way we do. He values character. There's nothing that'll cause you to develop character like a brother that just cuts you very deeply. But God's beginning to cut and he's beginning to cut that diamond until that light will begin to reflect all seven colors of the deity of Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother Bram says here in what does it take to make a Christian life? He says the Holy Spirit will make every movement like Christ. It'll make you Christlike. The fruits of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith. Those things are what the Holy Spirit controls. Our emotions. Our emotions is not just so much as jumping up and down. You could do that at a shindig. We'll we'll bring that to you. But the Holy Spirit brings you into operation or in control of God that you walk in peace and in love and in joy with longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. You see, it isn't something that you do. Wait, what? It's not something you do. No, it's not something that you do. It's something the Holy Spirit does in you. You see, it's no longer an intellectual thought of your own. It's a subconscious moving of the Holy Spirit. Oh friends, it's not you trying to manufacture up some righteousness. It's the righteousness coming down on the inside of you and now it's subconsciously expressing itself and you've got a love and you're expressing it to others without having to try to manufacture it or to bring it up. It's something God by the Holy Spirit's doing through you. Oh, you try to manufacture it. And and you know, I really do think you should try to be nice. Don't get me wrong. It would make your pastor's job a whole lot easier if you at least tried to be nice. But you know, I'm telling you that that's not enough. That's not what God's looking for is just you trying to be nice. He wants the Holy Spirit to come down on the inside of you and make it a life express. Make it something that's just not an effort, not a I'm trying to produce some wool. No, no. You just got a sheep's nature inside of you and wool just becomes to grow out of every pore. Brother Bram says, "Well, yeah." He says, "Well, Brother Brandham, I can't live for this brother. I I can live for this brother because he's sure a nice man." Talking about loving your brother. Says, "I can live for this brother because he's sure a nice man." That's not it. You live for that man who hates you. live for that person who would kill you if they could. That's what they done to him. They killed him and he died that he might save them. That's eternal life. When you have that in your bosom, you're facing heaven then. Now, it's easy to be nice to nice people, but you know, there's people that aren't so nice. True. And God likes to have those people there so that he can rub you the wrong way. Sorry, you might be married to one. I don't know. But God did that for a very good reason. Somebody that can just rub you the wrong way so that you can find out that there's a few rough areas that the Holy Spirit don't have control of yet. And you can die out and you can surrender and say, "God, I want you to begin to work this out of me. I want you to begin to change this in me. I know I can't do this at my own ability. If I were to try and manufacture it, it would be nothing but filthy rags. But I'm asking that your Holy Spirit would come down on the inside of me and begin to express your nature." That's right. Oh, you know the brother Bham talks about somebody in question and answers and they say, you know, brother Brandham, you know, when somebody steps on my toes, my temper just gets to going and I want to overcome this. You know what he told him? Sweeten your temper with prayer. You get in the presence of God, you begin to die out. You begin to yield yourself. Then something comes down and begins to flow through you and you have a different nature. Now, I I want you to recognize that I'm not saying you don't have the Holy Spirit. But you know what? Many times the Holy Spirit isn't in control. We We take over the wheel again. And you know, when we do that, he just steps aside. He lets us. But if we'll just yield ourselves down, Paul called it dying daily. He says, "I die daily. I want him to have control. I don't want this old nature, this old flesh to raise up and take take control of my actions. I want to die out every single day. I want to be crucified with Christ. I'm dying daily that he might express himself and live through me. Amen. You know, when you begin to recognize the love of God for you, then there's a love that comes back from your heart towards God. And when that happens, you'll begin to love your fellow man. And not just the good man, not just the people that are at church. You'll have a burden for the sinner. Go back some years ago. I was doing some work at and and I I I went to light a little fire in the stove because it was kind of cold in the basement and it was in the fall. Hadn't had really any fires that year and I just was a little chilly. So I wanted to warm it up. So, I I put a little bit of wood in there and a little bit of paper and I lit it up and and there was a little sparrow that had gotten to the chimney and that bird came down and he crashed down into that fire and he was just flying every which way trying to get out and I opened the door. I was trying to figure out how to get him out of that fire and and I couldn't I couldn't figure out how to get it. So, I I tried to grab a stick and maybe just, you know, just hit him real hard. just just put him out of it, you know, cuz he was just right there in all them flames. And I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't stop him. I couldn't, you know, give him a merciful death. I couldn't kill him. I I just had to leave the room. I couldn't take it. Seeing that little bird all in the fire, it just bothered me. It burdened me. But friend, when you can realize the condition of your fellow man, when you can realize that they're they're hanging over a devil's hell and they're that they there's a people that has a need of you to express the grace and mercy of God to hit them and perhaps their eternal destination rests on your attitude toward them. True. When you realize that there's a there's a people, you know, Abraham was a part of God's economy. He was that elected body, but he had somebody that he cared about, which was a Lot. You never see where God really paid much attention to Lot, but Abraham cared about him. And so, he went out to battle against those kings and he brought him back. And it says in the scriptures that when God went to destroy Sodom that because of Abraham, he went and got Lot. And I believe that we are in that same position, we can have such a love for our fellow man. We can have such a burden for them that we can put our arm around them and and God will say, "Well, because of Zachary, I'm going to bring that one, too." Oh, if we could just recognize our position as sons of God to express mercy and grace to those around us and perhaps their eternal destination rests on your attitude toward them. Oh, it would put such a burden in our heart for the lost. prophet said and when love is projected he says until the burden gets on the Christian church for lost souls we're fighting the air let us stop speaking I believe in gifts and signs and wonders why certainly that goes with the body but let's not put that ahead of love and lost souls let's get into a burden on our hearts when the prophet of God went beyond the curtain of time and he got into that dimension And he was there and he realized what it was. He said, "Oh God, if I could go back to the earth, I'd compel them to come. I I' I'd search the lands. I' I'd bring everybody I possibly could." And he had that opportunity. You know, there was a rich young ruler one time. He went down and he went down to the pits of hell and he began to look around and he realized what condition he was in. And he began to have a burden for souls and he was like, "God, oh, if you let me go back, I would tell my brethren. Would you raise up somebody? Send somebody to tell my brethren not to go this way." But he'd passed that opportunity. He had an eternal perspective then of what really mattered. prophet of God after coming back from beyond the curtain of time. He says, "I'm more convinced than ever in my life that it will take perfect love to enter that place." There was no jealousy, no tiredness, no sickness, no old age, no death, only supreme beauty and joy. And whatever you do, lay aside everything else until you get perfect love. Get to where you can love everybody, every enemy. No matter in the if the plane is a rocking or the lightning is a flashing or or the gun of the enemy are upon you, those things do not matter. Get perfect love. Amen. Oh, friends, I I I'm so thankful for this message that expressed God's love to us. Amen. But what about our love to him? And what about our love to our brother? Because that's where the rubber meets the road. We say we love God, but how you treat your brother is the reality of what you're saying. You love God, and you ought to love one another. We've got to forsake everything, take up our cross, follow the Lord Jesus. And here in the sermon, where has thy strength gone, Samson? prophets talking about how the spirit of God would like to move in the church and bring great revival and and these things. And he says if they would there would be no cripples or afflictions around us if we would confess our sins. And you say our sins? Well, I don't do anything wrong. I don't drink. I that's not it. It's neglection sometimes. It's not moving up with God. It's not doing in the Holy Spirit. It's not it's it's not watering what that God has given you, you're grieving it away. He said, if it to to see a a greater manifestation of God, then stop neglecting what God's doing in your midst. Stop neglecting the Holy Spirit calling you to come up higher. The Holy Spirit has has done things for you, and you're supposed to be watering that and growing that and just and just growing greater in the grace of God. And yet we're neglecting it because we got so many other cares of life that we're paying our attention to. He says in doing that, you're grieving it away over here and make the valley full of ditches. He says the other night when I was coming over here, the Lord met me in the room and just a vision the same as you see here at the platform and he said, "Here's what's the matter with the church. They've got so much selfishness everywhere." He didn't just say this. The church of the living God has got so much differences and so much this and that till they grieve the Holy Spirit away from them. That's just exactly what it is. And brother and sisters, until we humble ourselves and become the lamb so the dove can light on us again and bring joy and peace and satisfaction and a burning desire in our hearts to see others saved and come to God, we're simply fighting the winds. Do you realize he didn't say so that the Holy Spirit can come the first time? He says you come down. You humble yourself. You become a lamb again and he'll come back again. You see, because there's a there's a lamb and a dove. There's a wolf nature. That's the that the human animal nature of you as a fallen creature is a wolf nature. And that wolf nature will drive away the Holy Spirit. But there is a power of the spirit of God to come and change you so that you can be a lamb nature. expressed. But if you grieve that Holy Spirit and you begin to go, "No, I've got my rights. I'm going to do my thing." Now, you're beginning to growl like a wolf. And that Holy Spirit is pushed away from you. He says, "But if you'll just come and humble yourself back again." Amen. It's dying daily. Amen. He says, "Come back to being a lamb again. Come back to be gentle. Come back to knowing nothing. Coming back just to submit yourself to Christ. Don't try to know to to know nothing. Just walk meekly, quietly, humbly, gently, and the dove will lead you. But when you see go to listening to that gossip, whatever you got to getting that temper up, whenever you get to thinking that you got a right to do this and that, the dove just takes her flight and goes on away. Then you don't have it anymore. I'm afraid we get used to that. We say, "Oh, well, that was just when I was enthused back as a young person." No. He says, "Now, she's not very far from you this morning, church. She's sitting right out there on the limb of peace, waiting for your nature to be changed. Do we love him? We say we do and I believe it. I really do. But do we spend that time with him talking to him like we ought to. Friends, I'm I'm I'm here as a checkup this morning. We love him, then we ought to talk to him. We ought to spend time with him. We love him, then we ought to love our brother. If we say we love our God and we don't love our brother, you're a liar. If you say you want to have fellowship with God and you don't want to have fellowship with your brother, you're a liar. That doesn't just mean people in your church. You see, God is expressing himself in a people. And if you really want to serve God, do something for your brother. If you really want to love God, then there ought to be a love in your heart for your brother. You really want to have fellowship with God, then you ought to have a desire for fellowship with your brother. You see, God's not off a million miles away somewhere. He's in a body. He's in a people, the bride of Jesus Christ. And instead of us looking at one another and and and seeing all the the mud on one another and oh well, this one's guilty or that one's guilty, you're right. You know, a critical spirit really is usually correct, but it's still a critical spirit from hell. Right? You see, they brought a woman to Jesus one time. They said, "She's wrong." She was. But you know what Jesus did? He says, "Whoever doesn't have sin in their life, let him be the one that condemns her." And every one of them turned around and walked away when they realized that they were fallen and broken just like she was. That's right. But you know there was one there that could have condemned her and he said go and sin no more. You see he is nature his nature expresses grace. His nature expresses mercy. In this hour we received a message that came down from heavens with shoutings crying grace grace. But we can look at one another through our human eyes and we can see the faults. We can see the failures. Brother Brandham tells that story about how he went to that to that restaurant one time and he walked in the door and seen the police officer with his arm around a woman playing a slot machine. So here's here's the the middle-aged man breaking the law and just degraded. And he looks over and there's a table of of young men with a girl just behaving so immorally. And he says, "There's the young people. They're gone." And he looks over and here's an old grandma sitting there with little bitty shorts on and and painted blue lips and blue blue toenails and black ey brows and just all painted up and the sweat was running down her face and the pain was all running down just a a horrible look inside. And he looks at her and he says, "God, why don't you just blast the whole thing off the earth?" Just sitting there drinking and he says, "Why don't you just rake the whole thing off?" He says, "And I heard something say come behind the door." He says, 'Th that was my boss speaking. So I stepped behind the door and he began to see a world turning and he began to see around that world was a was a bumper, a shroud of the blood of Jesus Christ. And he would see himself doing things that weren't right and as those sins would go up towards the throne of God, if that ever came before the throne of God, he would be destroyed. But Jesus Christ with that bumper of blood would reach out and catch it. And he said, and he would jerk and the blood would fly off his face and he'd he'd cry. He'd say, "Father, forgive him." He don't know what he's doing. He said, "And I'd see another thing coming up before and there would go and strike the Lord Jesus and he'd wse and he'd he'd cry out and he'd say, "Father, forgive him." Yes. He says, "I seen that and I've seen a book written and it had all my deeds written out, all of the sin I'd done, everything I was guilty of written there." And he was looking at that. He says, "Oh," he says, "Oh, Lord Jesus, is that my sin that's causing you to be hurt like that?" He said, "Yes." He says, "Oh, I'm sorry, Lord, that I made you suffer like that. I'm sorry for my sins. Lord, would you forgive me?" He said, "And I seen him take his finger and dip it in his side and right across that book pardon." And he threw it behind him in that sea of forgetfulness and brought out a clean page, Lord. And then he looked at him and he said, "I freely forgave you freely. You didn't earn it. I freely forgave you and now you want to condemn her. You want to destroy her." He says, "And I failed about that little." Amen. And he walked over to her. And you know what the prophet says in one place? He says after that, it changed my attitude. It changed his attitude towards her. And now instead of being condemning and critical and wondering why God didn't destroy him, which she deserved it, she was worthy of it. She was dressed in filthy rags, friends, she deserved it. But instead of bringing condemnation, when his attitude changed towards her, he walked over to her and imparted eternal life to that sister by bringing her back to the Lord Jesus Christ. And he began to talk and he said, you know, will you forgive me? Yes. Forgive you? Well, what? He said, "Well, I was condemning you." He says, "But the Lord showed me that, you know, this condition." And she says, "Well, you know, I used to be married to a preacher. My daughters are Sunday school teachers. My husband died and all these different things she'd went through." She says, "But I'm too far gone, and I don't think he'd have me back." He said, "He wouldn't have told me, talked to me if you would couldn't have a way back." Amen. And they got down on the floor in the middle of that room and they began to pray and the slot machine kept stopped to play. The police officer took off his hat and those people began respectful and crying and the he led her back to the Lord. What happened? His attitude towards her changed and she's in heaven now because of that. Praise God. Oh friends, when we can recognize that God freely forgave us, then what about her? Amen. Oh, that's the story that Jesus tells in Matthew 18 when he talks about these debtors who came and this man says, you know, pay what you owe. He says, I can't do it. I owe millions of dollars. I can't pay that debt. And the king says, well, then you deserve judgment. Which he did. And the man begged for mercy. And he says, 'I forgive you the debt. And then that man went out. It was just forgave millions of dollars. He goes out on the street and he finds a man that owes him 20 bucks and he says, "You pay me that money right now." He says, "I can't do it. Maybe next week." And he says, "No." And he throws him in jail for it. Condemns his brother because he couldn't pay him the 20 bucks when he owed millions and he was just forgiven. And you know what? When the king heard about that, he took that man and he threw him into the prison house with tormentors until he could pay everything he owed. Yes. And he told that man, he said, he says, "So likewise," Jesus says, "So likewise shall my heavenly father do also unto you, if you from your hearts forgive not everyone, his brother that trespasses." See, G Jesus was answering Peter a question. He says, "How many times do I have to forgive my brother? This lousy guy sinned against me seven times today." Jesus said, 'Well, 70 times seven, which uh Brother Wayne was preaching a little while ago. He says, 'Th that's about every two minutes. So he says, obviously there's going to be some people who are really offensive, but there's also these people that need to forgive a whole lot. So after about every two minutes, you got to let it go if you're going to keep up with the 70* 7. Peter was asking this question, and this is the story he told. He says, "If you want to be forgiven, if you want to be forgiven for your great debt, then what about the little little debt your brother owes you?" Amen. Let's stand to our feet this morning. Abraham says in the sermon, Lamb and the dove, if if you want to listen to a sermon that'll take you off your high horse, that's a good one. He says, "You remember that sweet peace that you used to have when you'd get alone with God, but that's all been taken away from you now. And why? Because you did something to grieve that dove away. You'll just come back to be a lamb and he will come back." You know, I is your bitterness such a great treasure that you'd rather keep that than the sweetness of the spirit of God? you know, is your is your critical spirits of so much worth to you that you'd rather have that than the Holy Spirit? You know, is our is our jobs and our ambition and our muddy of so much more worth and and our all of our earthly things of so much more value than to spend that time with our precious Lord Jesus? Well, no. No, it's not. I believe we should need to have a heart checkup this morning, friends. If I had a doctor, I'd get out that stethoscope and and I believe we just need to check up on our hearts this morning. Do we love him like we ought to? Do we love our brother like we say we love God? I believe we love him. I believe you have the Holy Spirit. But friends, don't let him sit on a branch somewhere. Make him welcome in your heart. Entertain his presence. I want you to think about if the Lord Jesus were sitting in your room when you woke up tomorrow morning and you seen him sitting over there in the chair. Would you just say, "Good morning. I got to go to work." work or would you spend a little bit of time to worship him? Would you spend a little bit of time to entertain his presence and thank him for his goodness to you? I believe if we were conscious that he's there, we'd take a moment to worship him. He's worthy of it. Amen. He's worthy of our love. When you realize his love to us, oh, it just there because he first loved us, there's a love that begins to pour out back to him. And that doesn't just stop at the Lord Jesus. It it overflows in your heart and it goes to your brother. It goes to your sister. It goes to your [Music] enemy. It goes to that sinner on the street that needs the love of God expressed into their [Music] life. Let's sing this song this morning. I love him. I love him because he first loved me and purchased my [Music] salvation on Cal. [Music] Calories tree. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first loved [Music] me and purchased my salvation on Christ. Calories trees. Let's just bow our heads this morning. If you notice in your heart that maybe there's a little coldness there. You don't want it to be that way. You just want the Holy Spirit to come in and and renew a love [Music] relationship. If you recognize that you've allowed a little bit of bitterness to slip in and and you're not loving your brother like you really ought to, friends, you can't manufacture it. But there's a Holy Spirit here this morning that's desiring to come into your vessel. There's a Holy Spirit that's desiring to come in a burning fire into your life and just consume you with his goodness and his grace. Heavenly Father, Lord, I ask for this congregation this morning. Lord, I don't know the life, but Father, you totally changed my message that I might express this this morning. So Lord, I pray that whoever it was for, Lord, they'd recognize it. Lord, Lord, they wouldn't pass it by, but they'd recognize that you're calling to them and you're desiring a fellowship with them, Lord. You're desiring a love relationship, Lord. Not just a cold formal church religion, but Lord, a a burning fiery love between man and God. Lord, a a bride and a groom together. Father, I'm asking that there wouldn't be one little particle of of just church tradition left in them, Lord, but they would have such a love for you, Lord, that it would just be expressed to their fellow man. Father, I pray that there'd be such a genuine love in our hearts, Lord, that we couldn't but help love our brother. Lord, not because they're deserving, but like you who said, "Father, forgive them as they nailed you to the cross." And Lord, I'm asking this morning, Lord, that our heart would would just respond in love to you, Lord. Lord, those of us, Lord, me included, that have let our our prayer life become secondary, Lord. Father, forgive me, Lord. And and let that take first place, Lord. Let my relationship with you be more important than anything else in this life, Lord. Lord, if I don't eat, then let it be. But, Father, let me have a relationship with you. Father, I just ask that our hearts would show us a an opportunity, Lord, to be a witness to those around us, Lord. Lord, not to be expressing condemnation or guilt or judgment to our fellow man, but Lord, to be expressing the love of God. Lord, to bring in souls for your kingdom by your love expressed through us. This world is dying for love. Lord, let us be a channel for that to flow through. We thank you for your grace, Lord. We thank you for your love that was expressed to us. I thank you, Father, that when I was a sinner, Lord, when there was nothing good about me, Lord, you came and you gave your life that you might redeem me. I thank you for that, Lord. And I desire just to give my life of and service back to you, Lord. Just appreciation and thanksgiving for all you have done for me. We love you, Lord. May your sweet Holy Spirit find a resting place in every heart here this morning. Grant it, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Love of God, how rich and pure. Let's sing that this morning. The love of God is greater fall than tongue or [Music] pen can ever It goes beyond the high star and reaches to the lowest stand. [Music] The guilt sheepy hair bow down with [Music] care. God gave his son to him. His airing [Music] child he [Music] [Applause] [Music] reconiled and pardoned [Music] from his sin. [Music] Oh love of [Applause] God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more reure the saints and angels song. Could we within? Could we [Music] within the ocean filled? And were the [Music] skies a parchment [Music] made where every [Music] star on earth aquill and every and a scribe by train. Oh, to write the love of God above would drain the ocean. dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky. Oh to sky. Oh love of God, how rich, how pure, how measureless, oh, and strong it shout for Ever more endure the saints [Music] end song. Can we sing that again? Oh the love of God. [Music] How rich and [Music] pure, how [Applause] measureless, oh, and strong. [Music] It shall forever, further more endure. The saints end. [Music] Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you [Laughter] see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? Where would I be? You only [Music] know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, a hopeless case, an empty place, if not for grace. Amazing grace, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Oh precious Lord, please take my hand. Oh, lead me on. Lord, let me stand. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, singing that again. Oh precious Lord, please take my hand. Lord, lead me on and let me stand. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace as they would just play softly. Did you enjoy that this morning? Amen. So thankful for the love of God. Amen. And as again as brother Zachary was there ministering, I was kind of just thinking of some of the things that I was have went through not too awful long ago. I I um I had some uh some things that I was dealing with towards somebody and and I'm just so thankful for our pastor, my father, you know, that could just lead me in the take the right steps. and you know this I was building a bitterness just just kept getting hard and my heart just kept getting hardened and and and I was needing advice. I was just I just didn't know what to do. I was just just was just going to shun him, be done with him and just tired of it. But then he would just set me down and he would tell me about the man that spat on David. And he said he spat on on David and David's guard there drew his sword and said, "How dare you spit on my king? I'm gonna slay you right now. And David said, "Hold your peace." The Lord told him to do that. The Lord told him to spit on me. And sometimes God allows things to see what we're going to do. He allows trials to come. He'll allow somebody to do a certain thing, somebody to say something about you just to see how you're going to react. And dad would set me down. And he says, "Hey, what if that person is here to build your character? What if that person is here for God to mold you to to to make you move a step higher? What if he wasn't here and and you weren't going through these things and and you would never know how to handle a situation when something else came up down the road?" And I just I had to melt down and I just said, "Lord, yeah, you know, you're right, Dad. You're right. I You're so true." And and and he would say, "Well, also what if he's causing you to do this, and maybe the Lord's allowing this person to do this so you could look up so you could say, "Lord, I I need you. Lord, I want to draw closer to you. Lord, I I I'm desperate for you." and and and you know you you never know. So instead of getting bitter, instead of allowing hatred and instead of allowing malice to come over your heart, you can say, "Lord, I want to let love prevail. Lord, I say I confess that I love you. I I tell everybody that I love you and I get behind this pullpit and I confess that I love you. I want to show a love. I I I I want to say that I love you, but I want people to know, Lord, that I do love you." and and I want to love this brother. I want to love this sister with all of my heart, no matter what they've done to me. Amen. I'm just so thankful for that message this morning, Brother Zachary. That was that was very good. Amen. But we want to let love prevail. We say we love God, but but do we love our brother? Do we love our sister? Amen. I believe that you do this morning. Amen. We want to draw closer. Oh, that is that is just my desire. That is my desire. Say, Lord, I do whatever it takes. Lord, I I just need you, Lord. I want more of you every day, Lord. I know I don't read and pray like I should, but Lord, I want you, Lord. There's a desire in my heart to say, Lord, I want more of you. Oh my. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, where would I [Laughter] be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. Thank you, Lord, for grace. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? You You're my brother. You're my sister. Take me by the hand. You're my brother. You're my sister. Oh, take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stay. hand. Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand. Oh, together we will work until he comes. And there's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand one more time. Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Oh, take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. Amen. We want to keep Brother Zachary in our prayers. Um, I failed to mention this morning. Sister Hannah, Zachary's wife is and uh their babies haven't been feeling good. Amen. So, let's just keep them in our prayers. Um, my little baby Zoe, she's been running a fever for uh 2 three days now. I believe today makes the third day. So, if you wouldn't mind just keeping her in your prayers that the Lord would just go and touch her. Amen. Um again, brother Zachary, um are you heading home Monday, tomorrow? Okay. So, we want to keep him in our prayers. Uh he was telling me there in the office, he's got trips planned. He's supposed to be going to the jungles for 2 weeks. Um here at the end of this month, uh he's got Pakistan, he's going there for two weeks. Um he's uh just got different places lined up. So, let's just keep Brother Zachary in our prayers that the Lord would protect him, watch over him. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. We want to keep our pastor and our prayers and uh faith there that the Lord would just continue to bless them. I believe they'll be coming home on Wednesday or traveling back on Wednesday. I don't think they'll be until Thursday morning. Amen. But we've got um uh a visiting minister coming in on Wednesday. Uh service is at 7. So, let's just come with a a heart to expecting to receive more from the Lord. Amen. Uh we want to keep Sister Jane in our prayers that the Lord would just continue to touch her. Brother Bob, Sister Janice. Amen. Brother Terry and Sister Alice. Sister Alice, it's good to have you and brother Terry back with us. Amen. So, maybe we could uh ask brother Amos if he would dismiss us in a word of prayer. Amen. We just want to thank you for the Lord speak to us Lord of our getting himself out of the way. [Music]
