################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Brother Daniel Martin Revelation Over Reasoning - Daniel Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   Brother Daniel Martin "Revelation Over Reasoning"
Speaker: Daniel Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVFAT4oG--E
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh no. Hey [Music] Wow. Wow. [Music] [Music] 3. [Music] [Music] Our [Music] God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our [Music] God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Can we stand and sing it again? Oh, our God reigns. Do you believe He reigns this morning? Oh, our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. He's alive. Oh, he's alive. [Music] Yes, he's alive. you. Oh, he's alive. [Music] He's alive. Our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. He reigns this morning. Oh, our God reigns. Yes. Our our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. It's really good to see uh Sister Hope with us. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would invite the Lord's presence. [Music] Amen. And have you been redeemed this morning? Oh, I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. Oh, all to him. I now resign. I have been I have been redeemed. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. Oh, all to him. I now resign. Oh, I have been I have been redeemed. Oh, I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Holy Ghost filled. I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. Oh, I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, Christ is mine. Oh, all to him I now resign. Oh, I have been. I have been. Can we sing it one more time? Oh, I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. Oh to him. I now resign. Oh I have been I have been redeemed. I've been redeemed by love divine. Glory. Glory. Christ is mine. Oh all to him I now resign. Oh I have been. I have been redeemed. Are you glad you've been redeemed? Amen. Brother Tim [Music] Ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because all my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone." Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. [Music] Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad. Are you glad my sins are gone? Oh, there underneath the light. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Now when Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because Oh, my shins are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Can we sing that fourth verse? [Music] Oh, I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know. Are you glad? You know my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the shea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood. Oh, as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. In the sea of forgetfulness. Amen. No more to be remembered. Amen. Can we sing? Listen to our hearts. [Music] How do you explain? [Music] How do you describe? Oh, a love that course from east to west [Music] and runs as deep as it is wide. [Music] Lord, you know all our hopes [Music] and you know all our fears. [Music] Oh, and words cannot express the love we feel but we long for you to hear. [Music] So listen to our hearts [Music] and hear our spirit sing. [Music] Oh, a song of praise that flows from those who have redeemed. Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you what what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, Lord, listen to our hearts. Now if words could fall like rain. Oh, from these lips of mine. [Music] Oh, and if I had a thousand years. Oh, I'd still run out of time. [Music] Lord, if you listen to my heart. Oh, every beat would say, Lord, thank you for the life. Oh, thank you for the truth and thank you for the way. Oh, so listen to our hearts, Lord. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] Oh, a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you what. What an awesome God you are. Oh, when words are not enough to tell you of our love, Lord, listen to our hearts. Can we sing it again now? Oh Lord, listen to our hearts and hear our spirit sing. Oh, a song of praise that flows [Music] from those you have redeemed. [Music] Oh, and we will use the words we know, Lord, to tell you what. What an awesome God you are. Oh, and words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our hearts as they would just play softly. Now, I don't have any written prayer requests this morning, but we want to um uh remember those uh who weren't able to make it. There were some there at Brother Ron's uh meetings there and um the the family there in Pennsylvania, Brother Amos, Sister Lisa in Pennsylvania. Let's just keep them in our prayers. We also want to um remember Sister Martha, continue to remember her in our prayers. Sister uh Kim Weekes. Amen. That the Lord would just continue to do a work. Amen. In their lives, their bodies. Amen. How many has an unspoken request this morning? Amen. Maybe we could ask uh Brother Bill if he would come and lead us this morning. Amen. Let's all pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you Lord Jesus for your many blessings. We ask oh Lord Jesus that you'd move in behalf of these requests and we ask Lord you bless the sisters that are sick and afflicted and give travel and mercy on and all the ones that out and about. We ask Lord Jesus your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. to you. What? What an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. Sing it again now. Oh, so listen to our hearts. Lord, hear our spirit. sing. Oh, a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. [Music] Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you what what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. You can be seated this morning. Amen. Maybe we'd ask brother Josiah if he'd get a song ready. Amen. So listen to our hearts and hear our spirit sing. Oh, a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you what what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. Oh, when words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. Amen. Do you love the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Did you come expecting tonight to receive something from him? [Music] Last night I lay in bed and I began to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, I can't explain with tongue or pin the spirit's groanings deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pull. [Music] Oh, I feel the pull. Oh, I hear the call [Music] and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. [Applause] He speaks to me. Oh, and I Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. Oh, I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase [Music] he was drawing me to live a higher plane. Oh, there's there's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. Hit my husband. I'll reach my goal cuz I feel the pull. [Music] Oh, I feel the pull. Oh, I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. Oh, I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase [Music] he was drawing me to live a higher plane. Oh, there's there's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. Cuz I know for sure that I'll reach the goal cuz I feel the pull. [Music] Oh, I feel the pull. [Music] Oh, I feel the call. [Music] Oh, and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. [Applause] He speaks to me. [Music] Oh, and I agree. [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. And are you glad that you feel the pool this morning? Amen. [Music] Gater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, hit it again. Greater, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, Satan's lie, a roaring lion, and he's roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. Oh, many souls have been his prey. to fall in some weak hour. Oh, but God has promised us today his overcoming power. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. And on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind, it blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. And with a power greater than any earthly foe, oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Sister Janice, do you have a song? Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. [Music] [Music] The crowd was great, but she knew she had to reach him far. It was her last hope of ever being healed. [Music] So she pressed through the crowd. She reached out and touched his garment. right there. And there her miracle was fulfilled. There's a miracle in the making. One just for you. The father is working it right now. Your prayers have been heard and the answers on the way. Yes, there's a miracle in the making for you today. Now, have you prayed and prayed and still you've heard no answer? And has your faith grown weak and you feel you're all alone. [Applause] Don't give up for the God you serve. He won't leave you. There's a miracle for you, my child, if you'll just keep holding on. Yes, there's a miracle, [Music] in the making. One just for you. The father is working it right now. [Applause] Your prayers have been heard and the answers on the way. Yes, there's a miracle in the making for you today. [Music] Your prayers have been heard and the answerers on the way. Yes, there's a miracle in the making for you today. M. [Applause] Amen. Are you thankful for that? There's a miracle on the way. Amen. Can we just stand to our feet? [Music] I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than you. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? That our God is bigger. Amen. He's better. He's stronger. Amen. I know the musicians can be dismissed if we would go into the word this morning. Amen. Amen. Are you glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. If we want to turn to uh Genesis Just an announcement. We want to um I was actually supposed to announce that this was the fifth Sunday for the offering for our tent meetings and um I got a text to remind everyone and I still forgot. Um but we want to um remember that on the 9th um so not this coming Tuesday but next Tuesday we will be having service instead of on Wednesday. Uh so it' be the the 9th. Um the u dad is we're my family and dad and the family will be going to Oklahoma for Uncle Wendle's meetings over there. And um so we will be leaving on Wednesday, so the 10th. So we'll have service on the 9th on Tuesday. So if you could just remember that and come expecting. Amen. I believe God's going to do something. Amen. So if we could uh Genesis 3:1 and uh we're going to read down to the sixth verse. Amen. We're all familiar with this. But it says, "Now the serpent was more subd than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, ya, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden." And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit." And so, so she remembered what God said. Amen. She said, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. God hath said, Ye shall not not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest you die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "But ye shall not surely die. For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be open." See, he started to reason with her. And ye shall shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband, which uh with her, and he did eat. Also, if we could turn to Deuteron Deuteronomy the 28th uh chapter. So, she heard the voice of God tell her not to eat of the of the tree. Amen. But then Satan started to reason with her. Amen. So, now we turn to dut Deuteronomy 28:1 and we'll read down to the seventh verse. And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken, if thou shalt listen diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe and do all his commandments, which I command thee this day. Amen. So, so he's saying here that if you will listen to his voice that if you will obey his voice then he starts reading then he starts telling of all the blessings that you will receive if you hearken unto his voice. He says, "Which I command God with thee, uh, that will set thee," he said, "The Lord thy God will set thee on on high above all nations of the earth, and all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee. And if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God, blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field." Amen. Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kind, and all the flocks thy the flocks of thy sheep. Blessed shall be the ba thy basket in thy store. Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be thou goest out. The Lord shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face. They shall come out against thee one way and flee before thee seven ways. Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege, Lord, to to come into your house, Lord, once again to hear your word, Father, Lord, to give you worship. And Lord, I pray that you uh just felt welcome, Lord, here this morning. And I pray that you would just have your way, Lord. But I pray that you would just speak, Lord, to the to the hearts of your people, Lord. I pray that you would just uh move in a special way, Lord. Just just walk down these aisles, Lord, and just touch every heart, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would just give us the revelation of your word this morning, Lord. Lord, let let us not be just hearers only, Lord, but doers, Father, Lord, of your word. Lord, we love you. We thank you for all that you've done, Lord. We ask it all in your name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. I'd like to um Amen. So, the scripture we just read, it was speaking to Israel. Amen. If you'd hearken to the voice uh if you would hearken to the voice of God, it was speaking to Israel there, the natural seed of Abraham in that day. Amen. But this scripture scripture actually pertains more to us as we are the spiritual or the supernatural seed of Abraham. Amen. And I was reading it the other day and and I I um it actually I it uh I get a scripture every morning at at 8. My phone sends me a scripture and I was reading it and I and I read the first couple verses and it just blessed me. So, I opened it up and I just I read the whole thing and and so uh but but it says that if we would just hearken to the voice of God and not reason with it, it says these blessings shall come to us. Amen. And I just love that this morning, all the benefits of God belong to us. Amen. And if I were to uh give a title, I I couldn't think of what to title it, so I just I title it revelation over reasoning. Amen. And so we need revelation in this day. Amen. And brother Brandham says we should pray for revelation more than anything. More than anything we should pray for revelation. And I know I I mentioned this a lot, but but as we know as we were reading in the opening scripture there that Adam and Eve were in perfect harmony with God. Amen. Do you believe that they were in perfect harmony with God? They were one with God. And brother Brandham says in the message oneness. Now when Adam and Eve listened to the lie of the devil, the holy image of God left them. Their fellowship was broken with God. Their fellowship of oneness with God was broken. My all because they they listened to what the devil had to say. Amen. Their fellowship of oneness was broken with God. And I want you to catch this now. The very minute they listen to the lie of the devil, he says that broke their fellowship. And the very minute that you listen to the lie of the devil, it'll break your fellowship. And that that's the very minute that you go out of the presence of God like she did is when you fail to take God's word as just as it is. Amen. So we know that there are many voices in the world today. My we have so many voices out there. Uh there's voices of entertainment. There's there's voices of comedy. There's there's so many voices. All the junk on TV and and the movies. There's there's voices in the politics. There's there's voices of fashion. And and these voices are trying to creep its way into the church. Amen. They're trying it's trying to Satan is trying to to uh to squeeze us in here. And there are so many voices in the world, so many things to attract our attention away from God. Amen. And and and how do we recognize the voice of Satan? Brother Brandham says Satan's voice is anything that is contrary to the voice of God. Amen. Anything that is contrary to the voice of God is a lie. Amen. And Satan has one purpose in his mind, and that's to get you to disbelieve God's word. Amen. Do you believe that? Satan is trying to get you to reason with God's word. Amen. And brother Brandham says, "No wonder the voice of God is a rare thing today. It's smothered out by so many different voices. So many things that dam and take away. It's got to a place until it dulls our senses, until we can't hear the voice of God." But but then he goes on to say, "Oh, but in the midst of all of that, in the midst of all of these voices, in spite of every dueling and every voice that's in the world today, some of them has pleasure voices. Some of them are sinful voices to lure the people. But in spite of every bit of that, the truth of God still remains. Amen. He that will hear my voice and come after me, men and women will hear the voice of God, God still wants to speak to every individual that'll open their ears to hear God's voice. Oh my. Amen. And now, what is that voice of God? The voice of God is the word of God. Amen. The voice of God is his word. John 5:24. Listen to this. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my voice. Amen. He that He that heareth my voice, he that understandeth my voice and believeth on him that sent me hath ever have everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life. Amen. Brother Brandham says, I've got a lot of quotes here, so you just have to bear with me. Brother Brandham says, "Now, I could walk out here and say to the drunker, do you believe?" Sure. A man with a with another's wife, do you believe? Sure. Did you sit in the meeting last night to hear the word? Sure. You believe it? Sure. He is saying that. Uh but the original interpretation of this word, he that understandeth my word. So you can go down the street and you ask, did you hear his word? Oh yeah, I heard his word. Well, did you sit in church this morning? Yes, I sat in church and I and I listen and so so he is saying that he that understandeth my word and will believe on him that sent me, he that understandeth, that is who it's made known to. Amen. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father first hath draw him." Amen. And all that my father hath given me, they will come. My sheep, my doves, hear my voice. A stranger will not follow. And what is the voice of God? It is the word of God. That's any man's voice. But what's any man's voice but his word? It's the word of God. They shall hear the word of God. Amen. And how do we hear? How do we understand the word of God? Amen. Spiritual revelation. Amen. And and God can only give the revelation. And we've got all kinds of uh Bible seminars. We've got all kinds of of Bible colleges. We've got all kinds of uh of people putting on big conventions and and we've got apps on our phones now and and all of these things are trying they're trying to understand the voice of God and and understand his word. They're trying to understand who Christ actually is. So they begin to reason with it. Well, we don't understand it. So they put their own ideas in it. Well, we don't understand it here. So they just add things to it or they take away things from it. My. So they begin to reason with it and it's only taken the people further and further away from God. Oh my. But the Bible and the church is absolutely a revelation. Amen. Matthew 16:E3 says when Jesus came into the coast of uh of Cesaria Philippi, he asked his disciples saying whom do men say that the son of man am? And they said, "Some say thou art John the Baptist. Some say Elijah Elias and and others say Jeremiah or one of the prophets." And he said unto them, "But who do you say that I am?" And Simon Peter answered and said, "But thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona. Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee. schools didn't reveal it unto thee. Uh denominational ideas didn't reveal it unto thee. These colleges didn't reveal it unto thee. But my father which is in heaven hath revealed it unto thee. Oh my. And I say also unto them, thou art Peter, and upon this rock. Oh, you got the Catholic over here trying to raise Peter up. But over here he says, "And I say unto thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock, upon this revelation, I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Oh my, are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. Satan hates revelation. Satan hates this revelation. Brother Brandham says, "Why does he hate revelation?" Why is he so against revelation? is because that the entire cannon of God's word and God's church is solemnly built upon revelation. &gt;&gt; And another place, brother Brennham says, "The devil hates every bit of scripture there is, but he hates worse, Genesis and Revelations." He attacks Genesis because the authent authenticity of it because he wants to make the people believe that it wasn't so. He's trying to tell people, "Oh, well, it was just a fruit. Oh man, that that never happened. And and and he's trying to get the people to to reason with it. Amen. And Genesis didn't come about the way that God said they did. And and had something else caused this creation. They say it was a great big bang and and all these things. Then he attacks it that way. And he attacks the people away from revelation because it reveals Jesus as being God and him being the devil. Amen. And he's doomed. Brother Brandham says he is doomed. And the glory of of the sanctified church is going home to God. And the doom of the false prophets and all them that lie and do everything and do everything going to is going to be cast into a lake of fire. &gt;&gt; Satan knows his ending. &gt;&gt; Satan knows he's done. Satan knows he's doomed. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Another place he says what he started out with with in Genesis, he will finish in Revelations. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's why he hates Revelation. The word of God exposes the devil. The word of God exposes who the devil is. Amen. It tells what he is. So what is he what does Satan do? He tries to cause confusion. Amen. He's trying to get the people to reason with the word of God. Amen. It started in the beginning of time and it's still his tactic today. Amen. He's got one purpose in mind and that's to destroy you. Amen. This uh the thief cometh not but to steal. Amen. John 10:10 says the thief cometh not. Satan cometh not but for to steal and to kill and destroy. Amen. But I have come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We look back to the garden. Eve stopped to reason when she quoted the word to him, "God said, 'You should not eat thereof, for the day you eat thereof, that day we die." So, she's quoting the word to Satan. She's telling Satan what God said. And Satan, listen to this now. Satan never disagreed with her cuz Satan knows that the word of God is true. So, he didn't he didn't say, "Oh, no. I don't think that's right." He didn't say that at all. Satan never disagreed with her. He said, "Certainly." That's right. But he said, "You see, you need some new light." Oh my. &gt;&gt; He always tries to make the grass greener on the other side of the fence. Oh man. But he says, "You see, you need some new light. Something a little different from what God said. And if you do it, you'll just be a little smarter. Your eyes will be open." But she said, "Well, God said, but we will die." And he said, "Oh, surely." See, there you come. Just that much. Surely you won't die. See, just one word. That's all it took. And it caused a separation. Just one word. Just one word caused a separation between God and man. And he said, "Oh, surely you won't die." And it caused a separation. Anything that is contrary to the word of God is nothing but a devil. Anything that is contrary to the word of God is a lie. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I don't care. I don't care if your mommy said she had a greater revelation. I don't care if your daddy said she he had a greater revelation. I don't care if your favorite preacher said he had a greater revelation. If it's contrary to what God said that it's false, that it's a lie, that it's of the devil. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Take God at his word. Now, sin had caused a separation between God and man. Brother Brandham says, "Adam tried to make himself a way back to God." He tried to make a way back to God by covering himself with fig leaves. Brother Brandham says it was a religion. Amen. He tried to cover himself with the his own religion, making himself he was trying to make salvation without an atonement. And brother Brandham says it worked as long as God wasn't around. Oh my, it worked as long as God wasn't around. And we find that man still doing the same thing today. They're joining a church. or putting his name on a book, trying to find a way, saying a few prayers a certain way or repeat repeating a couple of creeds, trying to find salvation without an atonement. They were driven from the garden because of transgression. All the blessings, all the blessings that we were talking about has been cut off because of transgression. But brother Brennham says in another place he goes, "So there I can imagine seeing the poor little Eve when she looked at Adam, her long blonde hair hanging down her back, those big bright blue eyes that looked looked like the the skies where God had made them. The tears pouring down mixing with the blood on the garments. Oh my. Flapping down around her body. Amen. So they gave her the fig leaves. Adam had tried putting on fig leaves, but God knew that wasn't going to work. &gt;&gt; There had to come a death. Amen. There had to come there had something had to die. So what did he do? He killed a lamb and he clothed them with the blood of the sheep's kids. And brother Brandham says, "And as they were walking out and tears pouring down, mixing with the blood on the garments and flapping down around her body, Adam with his strong body caught caught her and leaned over and put his b caught her and leaned her over on his bosom. And there there the tears mingling, falling as it ran through the sheep skins. Blood dripping down, blood all the way there. Now he says, "You have to depart out of my presence." And I can see Adam and Eve with their arms around one another going and moving out like this. Them old sheep skins flopping around their legs, bloody beating on their leg. Brother Brandham claps his hands together. And then I can see all the space which was God had no beginning of days, ending of years. He's forever and ever. And I can see all that great space between them. As Adam was walking away, Eve was walking away. God was sitting there watching them go the other way, watching that blood garments just beating on their legs as they were going away. Amen. And he couldn't stand it. He moved down. Oh, he moved down to it moved down to the very heart of God. And it spelled L O V E. God so loved he just couldn't see them go. He called them back and he says, "I'm going to put enmity between your seed and the Satan's seed." Amen. That's it, church. It wasn't just some kind of religion. It wasn't uh some man's ideas. It It's the bloody bleeding lamb. Amen. And if it was the budding bleeding lamb back there, then there's got to be the blood today. &gt;&gt; Reasoning will say just shake the preacher's hand. Reasoning will say just sign a creed. Reasoning will say uh go by the way a man's ideas. Reasoning will say just be just be a church hopper and keep going until you find something that pleases you. Just keep going till they till you find something that suits your needs and till you feel accepted. But it's by revelation. &gt;&gt; Oh my revelation says it was the bleeding bloody bleeding lamb. That's right. &gt;&gt; Stay with Revelation of God's word. And until you come under that atonement, you will remain a sinner, separated from God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You've got to catch the revelation. &gt;&gt; Hebrews 11:4 says, "By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain." Brother Brham says, "Cain worshiped." Cain built him a church and an altar. Cain worshiped at the altar. Cain made a sacrifice. He was just as religious as Abel was. &gt;&gt; Cain was just as religious as Abel was. But Cain brought works, fruit of the field, fruits of the field, and laid them on the altar. Now, surely Cain thought that that's what uh brought us out of the Garden of Eden, fruit, something that I have to toil and bring back. And now he did it by a natural view. knowing that the tree was a forbidden fruit. So he brought fruit back and laid it on the altar. But Abel by spiritual revelation revealed to him by God through his faith that it was not fruit. It was the blood that caused it. So by spiritual revelation at the first church buildings that was ever made, the first altar directed there was a pro and a con. able by spiritual revelation. So there was no written word of God revealed to him that it was not the fruits or the works of your hands. He brought blood and offered blood and it testified for him that he was righteous because it was spiritually revealed to him. &gt;&gt; Abel didn't have scriptures to go back to and look. But God gave him the revelation. God gave him a spiritual revelation that it was by the blood and not fruit. &gt;&gt; Cain had reason. Cain had reason with the word and God rejected him for it. Amen. Abel had revelation given by God that it was the blood signifying that one day that one day there would come another bloody bleeding lamb. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. a redeemer that would break the separation of sin and bring us back to the presence of God. Amen. And that's why Satan is so against revelation. Anything that's revealed, spiritual revelation, Satan is against it because he knows that once you catch the revelation, you will become an invincible army. Once you catch the revelation, once you know who you are in Christ, once you know what Christ has done for you, you will become an invincible army. Oh my. Amen. How many believes that the word of the Lord comes to a prophet? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says John was the greatest of all the prophets because the rest of them spoke of Jesus. Amen. Since Eden, since the garden, they all spoke of a of a of a lamb to come. They all spoke of Jesus to come. And all them look forward to his coming. All them look forward to this great time. But John says, "Behold the lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world." He intro he introduced the world, the Messiah that he had been pro that that had been prophesied since Eden. He was the forerunner of the Lord Jesus. So we know that that that John the Baptist was the first forerunner of Christ. Amen. To prepare the way. And all the prophets spoke about what was now made manifest through a body of Jesus Christ. And yet the people didn't recognize it. Oh my. Oh, they they they were religious people. And man, the Pharisees and the Sadducees, they they were all religious people. They knew the scrolls. They but they lacked revelation. They believed and followed the teaching of Moses. And Moses's message was great for his day. But when Christ came, they failed to recognize Christ in their day. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and the only way we can know God is by revelation. The only way we can know God is by spiritual revelation by the Holy Ghost. Amen. 1 Corinthians 12 verse three says and that no man can say just break it in here that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. No man can say that Jesus is Lord but by the Holy Ghost. Amen. And that's why it's so important that we know without a shadow of a doubt that we are filled with the Holy Ghost. It is important that our children get the Holy Ghost. It's important that we as parents stay under the influence of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's the grad revelation in your life. Amen. John 14 verse 15 says, "And if you love me, keep my commandments and I will pray the father, he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. Even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive." They can't receive it because it see because it seeth him not. They don't understand, neither knoweth him, but ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you, and I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Amen. Yet a little while the world seeth me no more, but ye shall see me, because I live, you shall live also. And at that day ye shall know that I am in the Father, and ye in me, and I in you. What a revelation. Oh my. Peter told everyone to repent and be baptized that they should receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And the same Holy Ghost, the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost, is the same same Holy Ghost that is fallen on you. Oh my. &gt;&gt; The same Holy Ghost that fell on Pentecost is real for the church tonight. &gt;&gt; Don't reason with it. Don't reason with the God's word. Amen. Just believe it. Just accept it and believe his word. &gt;&gt; What is faith? Brother, Brother Brandham says, "Now faith is a revelation from God." Now, faith is a revelation. There's where I want to stay there just a moment. It's a revelation. He has revealed it to you by his grace. It's nothing you did. It's nothing than nothing you did. You didn't work yourself up to into faith. You ever have faith, it's given to you by the grace of God. And God reveals it to you. Therefore, faith is a revelation. And the whole church of God is built upon revelation. Brother Bronham says, "A Baptist minister told me not long ago, he says, I just can't accept revelation." I said, "Then you can't accept the Bible. You cannot accept Christ because he is the revelation of God." Amen. He's God revealed in flesh. Therefore, the whole church is built on divi divine revelation. That's right. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I hope this is making sense. &gt;&gt; And we see that throughout time that people begin to separate themselves from God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Bram says we got two churches at hand this morning. One of them is the church of Pentecost that was organized at the day of organized at Pentecost by the Holy Spirit which is a spiritual birth. The second is the church of the Roman Catholic that was organized in Nia Rome and this is what and this one is an an intellectual membership from the church come come all the protestants come all the denominations so when they created that denomination there in Nia Rome that's where it first started that was the first organization amen that was the first denomination and the first church of Rome had in injected dogmas they were baptizing in the father, son, and holy ghost. And they were claiming that Jesus was born in December when he was born in the springtime, brother Brandham says. A and they were introducing this uh to the people and they started accepting that they started to reason with the word and they started organizing and and creating denomination. Amen. They were and there and they were leaning to their own understanding and they were began to reason there. And for a thousand years after Na Rome, it remained dark. Amen. That was through the dark ages. Amen. And that seed that was planted on Pentecost had basically rotted out during the dark ages. Amen. And we needed something. We needed something to bring that seed back to life. Bring it back to the original foundation that his word was built upon. Amen. Back to that original Pentecostal experience. Amen. Not a Pentecostal idea, not a Pentecostal denomination, but a Pentecostal experience as it was back on the day of Pentecost. Amen. The revelation of Jesus Christ in these last days. Amen. You take a grain of wheat. Amen. I'm not a farmer, but you take a I'm just kind of reading here what the prophet says, but you take a grain of wheat and you plant it and you watch it grow. You have to stock the shack. And when it pulled away the shock, when you pulled away the shock, there is the grain. There is there is the actual grain right there. The the the real thing. And when Martin Luther came being the stalk, he was given the revelation of justification. They shall live by faith. And there that seed started to take form. And then come Wesley, him being the tallest sanctification. And that seed still started to grow. Amen. It wasn't the real thing yet, but it started to grow. It was still growing. Amen. And now when we come into Leodysy, a church age, Pentecost, restoration of the gifts, that that being the shack, which is the next stage of the coming forth of the grain. &gt;&gt; Yet the church world went on building denominations. They went on building their own ideas. They went on building off of their own creeds and their own dogmas. Amen. And they they went on. They heard justification and they reasoned reasoned with it and they organized. Then we go a little further down with sanctification. They too reasoned with it and they organized. But the seed didn't stop growing. Oh my. I'm sorry I spilled all the water. Oh my. That seed didn't stop with Wesley. That seed didn't stop with Luther. It just kept on growing. Hallelujah. We come down on the Pentecostal age, the Leonian age, and it looked like the real thing. &gt;&gt; It looked like the real thing. The Amen. They were speaking in tongues. They danced. They prophesied. It looked like the real thing. Amen. Like it did in Pentecost. Amen. The Bible says it would be so close that it would almost deceive the very elect if it were possible. They had a form of godliness, but they denied the power thereof. But the life of thy she seek didn't stop there. Amen. Because God had a people reserved for his name's sake. Oh my. And there shall be light in the evening time. And God was finished with the Pentecostals. Amen. I've got to slow down here. I wish I had the voice. Amen. God was finished with the Pentecostals. So as the shack begin to pull away, now we come into the astronaut age. Now we come up just a little bit higher. Oh my, the life of God resting in his bride. Oh my, we can forget about the horse and buggy. We can we can forget about the automobile. We can forget the ideas of the airplane. We are now astronauts. Amen. We're flying higher than denominations. We're flying higher than creeds and man's ideas. We're flying higher than unbelief. Amen. Brother Brandham says as he was baptizing, the spirit of the Lord spoke to him and said, "As John the Baptist was sent for the forerunner of the first coming of Jesus Christ, your message will bring the second coming of Jesus Christ." Amen. Fulfilling Malachi 4. Amen. Brother Brandham didn't come with a message to make us feel good. Amen. This message was sent to the leot uh this message wasn't sent to Leoa to only organize another religion. It was sent to us in the in these last days because God promised he would restore us back to him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Back to the original Pentecostal experience. &gt;&gt; Amen. That where I am, you may be there also. Amen. This message came to get our eyes off of the denominational ideas. This message came to get our eyes off of creeds and dogmas and point us to the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was sent to get a bride ready to meet our bridegroom. Amen. It was sealed up. No one could open it. The shields were sealed. No one could open it. No one was worthy. But now in these last days, that seal has been broken. Oh my. That's it. Amen. Revealing Christ. Christ back in the church again. Making himself manifest in a in a in a people in you and me for his purpose. Amen. For his desires. Amen. What a revelation. Brother Brandham says that's why Satan is so against the ministry today because what is it? The revealing of Christ. Let the church go on with its great denomination organization. It's literally and its little flowery messages and so forth. Let them go on. Satan won't bother that. They don't have no troubles. Everybody pats them on the back. When there comes a time that God through the Holy Ghost reveals Christ back in the church with the power and demonstrations of healing the sick and making the sign and making the signs that he said would follow the believers come to pass. That's when Satan rolls over in his bed. He doesn't uh he does something about it then. But until that time, Satan don't care how much church you join. He don't care how much he don't care how many times you just come and be a benchwarmer. He don't care about that. Amen. But when Christ reveals to you that he is the son of God and the works that he did, you shall do also, not some other works, but the same works. &gt;&gt; Satan hates that. Satan hates revelation. John 14:12 says, "Verily I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I shall do, he uh shall do also, and greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my father. These shine shall follow them that believe." &gt;&gt; Amen. And when that becomes a revelation, brother, you're near the kingdom. Then on this rock, I'll build my church and the gates of hell. She cannot prevail against it because this man or woman that's ever been in the back desert alone like Moses was. And the revelation of God has been made manifest to him or her through the Holy Ghost. There is nothing that can shake him. There is nothing that can stop him. Oh my, he's just as sound and solid as he can be. &gt;&gt; Satan hates revelation. He doesn't like it at all. It upsets his plans. Why? Because there is power in this message. He doesn't want you to catch the revelation of Jesus Christ because there is power in this message. &gt;&gt; And God hates a powerless religion. And when you can come under the presence, when you can come under the power of the revelation of this message, you have so much power. The prophet of God says you can go create a world and live on it. Amen. That's how much power you have. The power that Christ had is now living in you this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. And brother Brandham says, "Satan knows that if the people can get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. Don't reason with it. Just believe it. Satan will try and get you to reason with that. &gt;&gt; Satan will try to to reason with you. Reasoning will tell you that you're not loved. Reasoning will tell you that you're just too weak. &gt;&gt; Reasoning will tell you that you're a failure. Reasoning will tell you that you're not strong enough. But revelation, oh my, that'll make a Baptist shout. But revelation, Revelation says you're more than overcomers through Christ Jesus. Revelation says you are love. Revelation says you were in the mind of God before the beginning of the world. Revelation says you do have a purpose. &gt;&gt; That's what revelation does. &gt;&gt; It tells you who you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. God didn't choose you to be a Hitler. God didn't choose you to fulfill Hitler's position. He didn't choose you to be a Goliath. And now you're going to face David. God didn't choose you for that. He didn't choose you to fulfill the devil's works. He chose you for his benefits. He chose you for his purpose. He chose you to defeat Goliath. Amen. He chose you to be a devil stomping child of God this morning. Amen. He predestinated you. He's called you. Amen. He's preferred. He preserved your generation. He watched over your grandpappa. He watched over you all throughout the generations. He protected him. He protected your grandma. He protected your grandpa knowing that you would come in these last days and fulfill his desires. Oh my. It's time we let the message influence us in this age. &gt;&gt; It's time we let the message influence us. Oh my. For you become the word as you receive the word. &gt;&gt; You become the word as you receive the word. Amen. Play the tapes in your home. Play the tapes on your job. Amen. Play the tapes in your car. Never get so busy that you can't push play on a tape. Amen. There's power in those tapes. There's power in the voice of God. &gt;&gt; When you listen to a tape, don't let it go in one ear and out the other. Don't just push play and never really catch the revelation of what he's trying to say. &gt;&gt; Never push a play. Never push play on a tape without asking God to reveal to you what the prophet is trying to say. Let it influence you. Let it influence your home life. Let it influence your work life. Let it influence your family. There's power in this message. There's power in the message. There was a brother I heard this this brother tell the story and he said it was okay if I shared it. But there was a brother that went to a tire shop to get his tires done on his car and he ran into someone he knew uh from church and they began to talk and asked and you know he asked the man how his how he was doing. He asked the man how his wife was doing. the brother. He asked the brother how the how he was doing and things and they began to talk and they and they just started caring this conversation and he started to to talk about his wife. He started to tell how much his wife was just a religious person. how much his wife was just was just, you know, uh just uh that his wife, you know, telling just just praising his wife. And they and as they begin to talk, the man start the gentleman started to tell the brother uh how his wife would just just constantly just listen to tapes. When she'd wake up in the morning, she would play a tape. When she'd go to bed at night, she would play a tape. when she would walk through the house, work through the house, she would play a tape. When she'd go through the grocery store, she had a play tape or a tape playing. And he said, "As a matter of fact, when I brought my wife's car in this morning, I turned on the car and there a tape started playing." And the brother was like, "Well, praise the Lord. You know, that that is wonderful. we should always play the tapes, you know, and uh she'd go to bed listening and the first thing, you know, and um he said, and so a couple days later, this brother a couple days later went to the grocery store and as he was walking through the aisles, he had seen somebody that looked familiar. So he was walking and he and he's walking, he glanced over and he seen him. So he stopped. He was like, "That looks like so and so." So he walked over there and sure enough it was the man that he was talking to a couple of days earlier and she was sitting there wearing a pair of pants. He was just sitting there bragging about how much she listens to the tapes and here she is wearing a pair of pants in the store. She was letting the message go in one ear and out the other. She knew she was listening but she wasn't hearing it. She had to play him, but she wasn't catching the revelation. &gt;&gt; So when you play a tape, catch the revelation of what the prophet is saying. &gt;&gt; It will change your life. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Let God reveal it to you. Amen. Let let the word of God have preeminence in your life. In your home, in your car, at work. Let God have preeminence. Amen. Satan is fine with you listening to a tape every day. Satan is fine with you listening to a tape every night. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's fine with you doing that. He's fine with you with you doing that just as long as you don't start praying for revelation. He's okay with you listening to all the messages you want. But as long as you don't start getting the revelation, amen, Satan is fine with you going to church just as long as you become a benchwarmer. He's fine with you just going to church or and doing these things as long as you fall asleep. As long as you just sit there and let your mind wander, he's fine with you doing that. But as long as you don't catch the revelation of Jesus Christ, he's okay with that. But when Satan Satan loses all of his power and influence when he comes under the presence of God. &gt;&gt; So as long as you listen to the tapes and don't get the revelation, as long as you listen to your favorite preacher and don't get the revelation, you're okay. But when you catch the revelation, Satan is defeated. He loses all of his power and influence under the presence of God. &gt;&gt; So he'll try and get you to reason with the word. &gt;&gt; He knows how much power is in this message. He knows how much power is in God's word. So what does he do? He'll try to get you to reason with it. As long as he don't get you to get that power. Amen. He'll tell you that the days of miracles is passed. He'll say, "God can't heal cancer anymore. that God can't dissolve a kidney stone anymore, that God can't bring the dead back to life anymore. He'll tell you them things are of the past. But Revelation says that it's Jesus Christ the saying yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. You can defeat every devil this morning. You've been given the keys of death, hell, and the grave. &gt;&gt; You've been given the keys. Amen. You don't have to feel something. You don't have to be a preacher or some great evangelist. You don't need some someone to prophesy over you. You just need a revelation. &gt;&gt; You just need a revelation. And if you have the Holy Ghost inside your soul, see, that's the thing. A lot of people get the Holy Ghost from their flesh. It'll make them stop their lying. It'll make them stop their their their their telling the dirty jokes. make them stop watching them the dirty movies that Holy Ghost on the flesh can do that. But when you get the Holy Ghost in your soul, then you have the power and the authority to claim every promise of God this morning. Amen. You have the power to cast down them reasonings. &gt;&gt; Sickness is under your feet this morning. &gt;&gt; Cancer is under your feet this morning. Fear is under your feet this morning. Complexes is under your feet this morning. Catch the revelation. You're free this morning. Satan is defeated. Oh my. But as long as you keep reasoning with God and as long as you keep questioning, well, I don't know. Well, is he talking about this day? I is the promises for me in this day. You're just opening the door for Satan to come in. But resist the devil and he will flee from you. &gt;&gt; Voices of reason says you have to wait till the millennium to be sons and daughters of God. But Revelation says you are now. You don't have to wait. Revelation says you are now sons and daughters of God. Oh my. Voices of reason will say the greatest revival was over 50 years ago. But the revelation says the greatest revival is now. We are now in the bride's revival. Oh my. Voices of reason will say you have to hear your favorite preacher to get a revival. You have to hear your favorite pastor to be in revival. Amen. Reason will say you have to go from youth camp to youth camp to be in revival. Voices of reason says you have to go to a certain pastor's church to be in revival. But Revelation says you are the revival. &gt;&gt; You are the revival. &gt;&gt; We can go on vacation and be in revival. &gt;&gt; We can go to work and be in revival. We can go to the grocery store and be in revival. Oh my. We can come here on a Wednesday night and be in revival. &gt;&gt; Why? Because we've been given the revelation that God is back in his church again. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I pray that you can catch it this morning. You are unstoppable. &gt;&gt; You are unbeatable this morning. &gt;&gt; Oh my. As long as you keep wondering if God is here, as long as you keep looking to see if he's here, you will miss it. But once you catch the revelation, you will know that he is here. Oh my. Hear his voice calling out the message of the hour. Prove that he is among his people performing shines and wonders. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Brother Brennham says, "I understand that there'll come scoffer in the last days. I understand that there will be nations against nations in the last days. I understand that there will be a title wave in the last days that the musicians will come. I understand that there will be fearful sights like flying saucers in the heaven mysterious sights and men's hearts will be failing for fear. &gt;&gt; There will be a perplexity of time and distress amongst the people. I read that there'll be that that they'll all go into organizations and dominations and have a confederation in the in the last days. I understand that women will bob their hairs in the last days. I understand they'll wear short short clothes and walk in high heeled shoes tinkling as they go in the last days. I understand that the moral will be very low in the last days. I understand that the preachers will be false shepherds in the last days that they'll compromise and will not feed the people the word of God but will go after creeds and things instead. But I understand there'll be a voice come in the last days, crying out in the wilderness, calling the people back to the original message, back to the things of God. I understand by the book that those things will take place. I believe that's where we're at today. Do you believe that? I believe we've heard the voice in this last days and it's calling us to come up higher. Come up higher. Come up higher than the horse and buggy. Come up higher than the automobile. Come up higher in the revelation. Come up higher than the airplane. We're now eagles. We're now eagles. We're going to be sure and above the heavens. Oh my, we are a blessed people this morning. Amen. We are a blessed people. [Music] Brother Brham says, "I understand. I understand all these things are going to come to pass. It shouldn't surprise us that they're trying to get the gays and all the pride stuff out. They're trying to just just the world is just getting worse. It shouldn't surprise us. The Bible spoke of it. But it also spoke of us. It also spoke of us in these last days that we don't we don't have to be subject to those things that we don't have to listen to reasoning. Amen. We're more than conqueror conquerors through Christ. Amen. Brother Mark, if you could could you turn that scripture uh Deuteronomy 28, I'm going to start out. I wasn't going to read it. I didn't finish reading it in our opening scripture, but we talked about the blessings of the Lord, but Deuteronomy 28:8, we'll start there. We left off at verse 7, but I just want to read what the blessings if you would just hearken to the voice of God. I wanted to read to you all the blessings that would belong to yours. It says, "The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee and thy storehouses, and all that thou setest thy thy hands unto, and he shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee. And the Lord shall establish thee and a holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God, and walk in his ways. Verse 10. And all the people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of thee. And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruits of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy ground, in the land which the Lord swear unto the fathers to give thee. The Lord shall open unto thee his good treasures, the heaven to give thee rain unto thy land in the season, and to bless all the work of thine hand. And thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow. And the Lord shall make thee the head, and not the tail, and thou shalt be above, and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath. If thou shall uh if thou hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God, which I command thee this day, to observe and do, and to do them, and thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day, to the right hand, or to the left, or go after other gods to serve them. But God has preserved you. Oh my. Oh my. I just I could just feel like I could just go on and on. Hey man, what song are we singing? My God is faithful. [Music] His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, why should I worry when giants come calling my name? [Music] Oh my God is is better troubles I face. Why should I hunger for power or riches or fame? [Music] Oh cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger. He's gater than you. [Music] You see my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Oh yes, my God is stronger. The victories already won. You see he died for my ransom. But he rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Oh, hell and the grave. And I won't be shen. [Music] Oh, I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. [Music] His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Sing it again. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. [Music] Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Are you thankful for the revelation of Jesus Christ that's been revealed to us in this day? Oh my. Amen. Can we sing that song? Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, Satan's like roaming to and fro seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells us so. Oh, many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. Oh, but God has promised us today his overcoming power. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Now on that day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. Now with a power greater than any earthly foe. Oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, that greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. He's in you this morning. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, and on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind, it blew into the upper room and baptized all of him. Now with a power greater than any earthly foe. Oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, that greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he. Can we sing it one more time now? Oh yes. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Greater is he that is in you than he that is in this world. Amen. Amen. I pray it was a blessing in some ways. I know I I lose my voice so easy and uh sometimes I just I want to express it and can't express it the way I feel it. So you just have to bear with me on that. But um you know I I pray that it blessed someone today. Amen. I know it blessed me. Amen. So we want to uh keep our pastor and the family in our prayers. Uh brother Terry in our prayers. He is in Missouri. We want to keep brother Amos, sister Lisa, Kevin, Melissa, all them. Uh they were brother Ron's Kevin Melissa and sister Kim and John, brother John there. So let's just remember them in our prayers that the Lord would just bring everyone home safely. We want to remember those that are just not feeling well uh that's been sick. Amen. That the Lord would just bring them back. Amen. Brother Doug, it's good to see you this morning. Sister Hope, really good to see y'all. Amen. We uh also want to just remember service on Tuesday on the 9th instead of on Wednesday. Amen. That would be a week from this coming Tuesday. So, let's just keep that in our prayers. Amen. That we will be going to Oklahoma that following Wednesday. So, just keep us in your prayers. Amen. Um Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Can we sing one more song? Amen. I am um I am redeemed. Bought with a price. Oh, I am redeemed. I've been bought with the price. Jesus has changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody asks you just who I am, tell them that I am redeemed. Sing it again. Oh yes, I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody ask you just who I am, tell them that I am redeemed. Amen. God bless you. We want to keep Sister Alice in our prayers. I spoke with her yesterday and um she's feeling very lonely without brother Terry being there. So let's just just remember her that the Lord would just go down and comfort or give her a blessing. Amen. Maybe we could uh just bow our heads for a moment and uh we can ask uh brother Will if you would dismiss us in a word of prayer. [Music]
