################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-28 - Pastor Shawn Martin We've Been Gathered Unto Him - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-28
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "We've Been Gathered Unto Him"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LQm3CjWJng
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message Of The Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] meet you. meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare [Music] and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Can we stand? There are many, many others through the Bible for fearless David and his sling. Oh, you have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the well we often sing. There are many, many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet vine and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there. That home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear will be glorious, I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Many things will there be missing in that meeting. For the mourers's bench will have no place at all. There will never be a sermon preached to sinners. For the sinner had refused to heed the call. There will be no mourning overweightward loved ones. There will be no lonely nights or pleading prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted at that meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Now there the doubters will be missing all together. All the skeptics will be absent on that day. There will be no grumblers present to disturb us. Oh, and the achans will be busy far away. There the saints will have his shield upon his forehead. Dressed in rain none but ransom ones can wear. Oh, and all who have the wedding garments will be brave at that meeting. Oh, are you looking forward to that day? Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there and at home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ears will be glorious. I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Oh, there is coen to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there and at home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard my mortal ears will be glorious I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Amen, brother Joe. Well, if anybody ask you where I'm going, where I'm going someday soon. [Music] And if you want to know [Music] where I'm going, oh where I am going. Oh, someday soon. Tell them for me I'm going up yonder. Oh, I'm going up yonder. [Music] Yes, I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm going up yonder. Yes, I'm going up yonder. Oh, I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. [Music] Well, now I can take the pain. [Music] Oh, the heartaches they bring. I have that comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. Oh, as God gives me grace. Oh, I'll run this race [Music] until I see my Savior. Oh, face to face. Oh, I'm going in the rapture. Yes, I'm going in the rapture. Do you believe you're going? Oh, I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Tell him for me I'm going in the rapture. Yes, I'm going in the rapture. Oh, I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Just any day now. Above all powers. [Music] Above all power. Above all kings. Above all nature and all created things. above all wisdom and all the ways of man. [Music] For you were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever known. [Music] Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth. But you were crucified. You were laid behind the stone. You live to die. rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall. Oh, you thought of me above all above all powers [Music] above all kings. Above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. Oh, you were here before the world began [Music] above all kingoms. Above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth. But you were crucified. You were laid behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like rose. You were trampled on the ground. You took the fall. Oh, but you thought of me [Music] above all. Oh, you were cruel. Sified. You were laid behind the snow. You live to die, rejected and alone like a rose. Oh, trampled on the ground. You took the fall. Oh, and you thought of me above. I'll sing it again. Oh, you were cruel. Sified. You were laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trample on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me above all. You took the fall and thought of me [Music] above all. [Music] Can you just worship him tonight? Amen. He thought of us. Oh my. Amen. As we go into prayer tonight, we have a couple written requests we want to make known. We want to remember brother Terry. Amen. Uh he's traveling there to Ohio. So let's just keep him in our prayers that the Lord would just be with him uh during this time. We want to keep Brother Amos and Sister Lisa. They're on their way to Pennsylvania. Let's just pray that the Lord would be with them on the roads and uh dad and the family as they would be traveling that the Lord would just be with them. We're going to pray for the meetings as well. Uh that the Lord uh would just speak through them. the the the man of the men of God. Amen. And pray that they will be a huge blessing to the church down there. Amen. And uh I believe Sister Crystal put a request in that says, "Please pray for Elizabeth Smith." Uh she was flown to Rono with a possible stroke. So let's just keep uh Elizabeth in our prayers tonight. How many has an unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. And maybe we could ask u brother Mark if you would come and lead us tonight in prayer. We want to remember the uh uh sister Martha, sister Kim Weeks. Amen. We want Brother Bob, sister Janice. Amen. We want to uh remember dad tonight that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. Pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just count it a privilege honor to be in your house tonight. Father, we thanking you, Lord, for your mercy and your grace you've given us. Father, thanking you, Lord, for the plan of salvation, Father. Lord, just just thinking about that song, Lord. You thought of us above all, Father. Lord, you left your splendor, Lord, to come, Lord, to to become sin for us, Lord, that we could be saved, but we're so grateful for that, Father. Lord, we just pray for all the requests that was mentioned tonight, Lord, for Sister Elizabeth. Lord, you see her condition there, Father. We just pray Lord that you touch her tonight Lord with a special touch from you Lord we pray dear God for Lord the ones traveling brother Jerry brother Amos is ministering possibly Lord we just pray that you bless them Father pray Lord you protect our pastor or family as they travel Father Lord just protecting Lord we pray bless the meetings there Father Lord just meet the needs of the people Father Lord all the unspoken requests Lord you know each need Lord and still ones it's not back 100% healthwise with us, Lord, for Sister Kim, Lord, and Sister Martha, Lord. Lord, Sister Melissa and my wife, Lord, different ones, Lord, that's suffering in their bodies, Lord. We just pray that, Lord, our faith can touch you tonight, Lord, for their healing, Lord. Bless each and one of them. We pray bless the pastor, Lord, who brings forth the word, God. Just help us to receive it with open hearts, Lord. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Oh, you live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall. Lord, you thought of me. You can be seated. Amen. As Levi gets ready to come. Oh crucified, you were laid behind a stone. You live to die. Oh, rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me [Music] above all. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] God my savior, God my healer, God mighty never. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, [Music] God my healer. God might deliverer. [Music] Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. [Music] Yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. [Music] Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, hallelujah to our God. Glory, hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. God my healer. God might deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, every praise to our God. Every word or worship with one accord. [Music] Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Is he your everything tonight? Amen. And every praise belongs to him. Oh happy day. Oh happy day when Jesus washed. He washed my sins away. Yeah. It was a happy day. It was a happy day when Jesus wash. He washed my sins away. Oh, he taught me how to watch and pray. Oh, and live. Rejoice. ing every day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day when Jesus wash. [Music] He washed my sins away. Sister Jane comes. It was a happy day. Oh, happy day. When Jesus was, he washed my sins away. Oh, he taught me how to watch and pray. Oh, and live rejoicing [Music] every day. Oh, happy day. There was a happy day when Jesus won. He washed my sins away. Do you remember that day? Amen. [Music] since I started for the kingom. is my life. He controls [Music] since I gave my heart to Jesus. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. The more that I love him, more love he bestows. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. [Music] [Music] Every need he is supplying empty us. Grace he bestows [Music] every day. My way gets brighter the longer I serve him. the sweeter he grows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows, the more that I love him, more love he bestows. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. [Music] Each day is like heaven, my heart. overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? Amen. And how many is ready for the word? &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] I was made to praise you. I was made to glorify your name in every circumstance [Music] to find a chance to thank you. I [Music] was made to love you. God was made to worship at your feet and to obey you, Lord. Oh, I was made for you. Oh yes, I [Music] was made to praise you. was made to glorify your name in every circumstance [Music] to find a chance to thank you. I was made to love you. I was made to worship at your feet and to obey you, Lord. Oh, I was made. Can we sing it again? Oh, yes. I was made to pray. [Music] In every circumstance to find a chance to praise you are [Music] Oh Yes. Oh, I was made to worship at your feet and to oy you, Lord. I was made for you. [Music] Amen. Well, aren't you glad you found your purpose? Not wondering what you're made for, but knowing, amen, that we were created uh for God's purpose, Amen. and his design. And we certainly love the Lord. It's uh good to be back in the house of the Lord. And uh the musicians can be dismissed, but good to be back. And um nothing like being in a in a a church building. And um we appreciate u being able to um you know have services um at other places when we ain't able to meet but uh we are certainly glad to be able to meet here tonight and may be a little warm but we'll survive. Um, uh, Brother Daniel Cross has ordered the part that we're needing, uh, for the AC and, uh, so the Lord willing, he'll be, uh, he's planning on coming, I think Friday, is it? And, u, uh, to, uh, help us get this fixed. And so, uh, we appreciate Brother Daniel being willing to do that. Uh so uh Lord willing uh Sunday we'll have some AC or heat whatever we need at the time. And uh but um also uh if you have your Bibles we're just going to turn to the book of Genesis first of all. And um as it was said we want to keep Brother Terry in our prayer as he's traveling. He's actually headed to Missouri and uh to see a son and so uh we want to keep him in prayer and brother Amos, sister Lisa on the road uh tonight. And so um may the Lord just be with them. But um before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and talk to our Lord. Father, we're so glad that you have made us and designed us, Lord, that we could be yielded to you and that you could work through us and perform your will, your desire in us, Father. And that's certainly our hunger. That's what we want you to do, Lord. and help us, Father, to yield ourselves more and more to you and to die daily, Father, that uh you could have the preeminence in our lives. And we pray, Father, that you would meet tonight with us. And Lord, speak to our hearts, Lord. And we know as the prophet said, you could have chose anything to preach the gospel, but you chose man. And father, as I stand here behind this sacred desk, I ask that you would use me and help me to yield myself to you and that you could speak to your people. Bless what simple words we would have. Just a simple thought, but Lord, if you would take it and multiply it, that's what would matter to us. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. So we want to look at Genesis the 49th chapter and um uh the 10th verse and um it says the scepter shall not depart from Judah nor a lawgiver from between his feet until Shiloh come and unto him shall the gathering of the people be. Unto him shall the gathering of the people be. Um, if you want to turn to Matthew the 24th chapter, Matthew chap 24 and um verse 27 and 28 we will read. It says, "For as the lightning cometh out of the east and shineth even unto the west, so shall also the coming of the son of man be. For whethersoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. Amen. You can have your seats. And in case you're wondering who the gathering would be, uh there as we read there in Genesis, uh Jesus would answer that by telling us it'll be the son of man. The son of man. I uh if I have a title, it'd be uh we have been gathered unto him. Amen. And I'm so glad for that. I'm I'm glad that we you know that God has made it uh to where we can easily identify ourselves &gt;&gt; in this age. So so much confusion as to you know what is what uh got you know females um confused on what they are you know whether they're a male or a cat or whatever and uh uh and and you got males doing the same thing. They're confused on the gender that they are and everybody's just confused. a day of confusion. But we can identify ourselves and um easily and so we don't have to wonder who we are. We don't have to uh wonder what we are doing or what is happening in in us or uh to us. We we have uh able to identify and uh God in creation as as he was creating he designed things that would reflect him and his people. Uh whether it be the trees or the flowers or even in the animal kingdom um everything was designed to reflect something to to reflect nature of of humanity. And so God designed everything that he could uh be seen in nature. Uh you know, brother Brandham said that um uh his first Bible uh was nature. Uh he could see God in nature and and know that there was a God. And so so we see that uh God is an eagle and and um and and here we find the eagles will be gathered. Uh he could have said, "Well, the sons of God would be gathered." But again, he says the eagles will be gathered. Well, uh the prophet says, you know, God is an eagle. Uh Jehovah there in the Old Testament likens himself as the eagle. Uh uh his prophets are eagles. And God likens his people as eagles. Eaglets. Uh Jehovah's eaglets. if we could say it that way. And so, but but there there's a reason why that he would uh uh symbolize the eagle as being uh uh representing us and uh you know, the prophet talked about eagles and and a lot and and but there's a lot of characteristics that an eagle has that reflect God and and reflect his people. And and one of the things the word eagle, the prophet would tell us, means a feeder with the beak, one that feeds with the mouth. And so that's that's exactly what God does. He he feeds his children by his mouth. And the Bible says the uh uh man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. And so then we we see that the word coming out of God's mouth is where the eagllets are going to be because that's how they're fed. They they can't be fed by nothing else. They cannot be fed by seminary. They they can't be fed by Dr. So and so or psychologist so and so or whatever. It's fed by the mouth of God. Ain't that right? And we know that the word of God comes to a prophet. And so, uh, when when the word comes to a prophet, Jesus says that the prophets are gods. Amen. They're they're gods because they have the word of God that has come to them. And when they're speaking, it's food uh in in the season. Amen. And so, we're we're not gathered now. Uh Jesus would tell us, you see, we're we're gathered around the carcass. We're not gathered around politics. Amen. Uh uh we're we're we're not gathered around a political speech as the prophet said or a social gathering. We're not gathered around some sports event or or or whatever. Those things are not our food. Can you say amen? Amen. But what is our food must come out of the mouth of God. And what comes out of God's mouth? Nothing but promises. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because whatever God said, he is going to do. So then we're feeding not off of of some whim of man or some idea or a suggestion. We're feeding off the very promised word of God. Amen. And so, uh, uh, as the prophet said, eagles love holding on to God's word. It's, it's the only food that they will eat. Ain't that right? Another thing is an eagle will fly higher than any other bird. Amen. If if a h a hawk would try to uh or any bird would try to uh uh find fly up as as high as the eagle. Well, uh uh you know, he would lose his oxygen. He's not he's not built to fly that that high in the heights and and and the prophet said, you know, he'd just disintegrate and and his feathers would fall out and and all of these things. So, anyone that would try to impersonate an eagle uh or anything that would try to impersonate would would burst because they can't stand the pressure that an eagle uh uh can. And so, another thing, eagles can see farther than than any any other bird. They talk how an hawk can can can has has great eyesight, but the prophet said that that there's no comparison between a hawk and an eagle as to what they they can see. Amen. And and so that eagle is so much stronger than any bird because he's built much more powerful uh uh than than any. The prophet says he has to have a special build or he cannot stand it up there. See, a a a bird has to have be specially built uh uh in order to to to stay up there. So, an an eagle can it's not that the eagle just decides, I'm going to fly up there. God made him God designed him to be able to stand the pressure. And you know how he gets up there? By his wings. Amen. The winds are blowing and he takes his wings and he begins to soar upon the winds and and it takes him higher. Now the prophet says our wings is the old and new testament. Ain't that right? When the trials come, your wings is the old and new testament. That if you'll use them right, you can fly, amen, higher than any other thing around. Amen. You can use the winds of adversity. something that would blow a sparrow down and and drive a something little old bird down. Amen. You can take them wings and you can fly higher and higher and higher into the heavenlies. So, so the prophet said, you know, if he got up there in into those rims, he has to be his body has to be made up in order to stand those fears that he's in. If any other bird tried to follow him and would get into that place, even the hawk, he'd smother. He can't and couldn't breathe. He said, I say this with respect. That's where we get today with a lot of hawks that are trying to follow the eagles. See, they get up there and they say, "Well, I can't stand this. This makes me nervous. Let me out of here." Amen. And and we see them bailing out on the message. Right? See, they can't even sit through one meeting. They just smother to death. They're They're not built right. They're not built for that atmosphere. I want to say this, the closer you get to God, the more troubles you're going to have. Amen. But but a Christian is built for it. Amen. To where they can stand the pressures. Can you say amen? Amen. They're not going to back down. They're not going to give up. They're not going to say, "Well, it's just too hard. I'd rather just stay down here." Well, you can stay down here. Amen. But eagles are built to go up higher. Amen. See, and so we we find that there have been people who who claim to be like the eagles that Jesus is speaking of. Amen. But they're not able to to withstand uh uh the atmosphere of the supernatural. Amen. And you know, uh, Brother Bram said, someone said to hear not long ago, I was preaching and there was a woman while I was preaching was weeping and she just got so full till she just screamed out, "Hallelujah." And I met that uh I said, "I met a fella which was a Sunday school teacher and he ran and he had a baseball team of the First Baptist church in our city and he said, "Billy, I was enjoying that message till that woman started crying." And he says, "It just made shivers run over my back." I said, "If you ever got to heaven, you would freeze to death." Oh my. This is such a minor thing, but you you have to be able to stand it. And God makes you up that way if you're an eagle. He says, you know, if he if he speaking of that man, if he got up there and and seen the miracles are happening, seen the signs and wonders of God moving and and believes that the days of miracles would be would is past, he' just disintegrate and fall out. That's what's the matter with a lot of people today. They claim to be eagles, but I wonder, ain't that right? See, and so th this explains as to why people can so easily walk away from the message. They're tired of the message. They they find that they're exhausted with the message and and and like the message ain't helping them and it ain't doing any good and we need to go back and they fall back to denominations or they fall back to the world. Well, they weren't designed, amen, to follow the message of the hour. They they weren't designed to soar into the heavenlies and and and and see the mighty power of God on display. Ain't that right? See, you have to you have to be an eagle. Amen. Uh to live in the heavenly atmosphere where all things are possible. How many believes eagles live up that way? Amen. Why? Amen. Because they can see further. They can see further than their trial. They can see further than their sickness. They can see further, amen, than the impossibilities. They see things that are possible that no one else can see because they've got the vision for it. Can you say amen? Amen. See, and so the prophet said, when God bs a child into his family, that man has a makeup, something that can stand the supernatural, that can uh differentiate between the real and the unreal. uh the one who knows what real eagle food is. See, so a man, amen, that is birthed, got that new birth, is is been born in Jesus Christ and and and born into the family, he's an eagle. Amen. He's got that nature of an eagle. God ain't going to give a hawk the Holy Ghost and he just sits around and make excuses as to why he can't fly. Amen. You see, if you ever see an eagle that can't get up in the heights is because he's bound. He's in a He's in a cage. A Can you say amen? But a Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost comes into that man, that woman, that boy or girl, and sets them free. Amen. From the cage and and man-made religions and unbeliefs of the devil that they can soar up there. And once they they begin to soar up there, they say, "This is where I belong." Amen. They won't won't look down and say, "I wished I could go back down that way and oh, this is so hard. I barely can breathe and I just I just don't know what's going to happen." Oh, no. They're happy. Can you say amen? They're happy. Amen. Denying the world. They're just happy. Amen. Soaring and and enjoying the blessings of God. Amen. People that just complain about being a Christian. I I don't know about it. Amen. I You just wonder about their real experience. people that just complain. They they have to give up this and they have to give up that they just have to give up this. I just don't understand. See, amen. Because the nature of an eagle, you never see him say, "Oh, do I really have to go up that high? I I just don't understand." You know, if if I could just go down here, I just wish the winds would quit blowing so I just wouldn't automatically put my wings out and start flying. It's just an automatic thing. Can you say amen? We love God. We love what we do. We we love giving everything up for our Lord and and serving him with everything we've got. Amen. See, and so, you know, if you if you ever just watched uh uh uh little eagllets and when mama comes down with food, man, they've got their necks stretched out and and their mouths wide open. Amen. Because they know, amen, mama has come to feed them. Ain't that right? So here we're gathered around the carcass and and the prophet tells us the carcass is the fresh kill of the word. It's the word that's raised up and and fattened and and being made manifest and give out as food for the children. Ain't that right? See, and so we we find that God is the word now. Amen. God the prophet put that within us that God is the word. Amen. Can't separate God from the word. God is the word. Ain't that right? Amen. And and he's the one that said, "I am that I am." Amen. Not was, not going to be. Amen. Not will be. I am that I am. Amen. He's the fresh kill of the word. He's He's the freshness. Can you say amen? That's right. So, he's always present tense. Always. And when you're feeding off God, you're feeding off the present tense God. Amen. Not something have gone down yesterday and and all that. And so the prophet says when the power of God begins to fall according to the word of God, real genuine eagles will come to that feast. Where are they going to come? To the power of God. Amen. When it's in the Bible, it's a biblical happening. It's a biblical power. We ain't just accepting anything, amen, and calling it power, but we're looking at it and we're discerning it by the scripture. And we can see that this is God. Amen. And it's our feast. It's a feast. Can you say amen? And eagles, genuine eagles, will come to that feast. There ain't nothing in the world will keep them away from there. Ain't that right? Now, as as you you all know the different types of birds and things and and they it so it's nobrainer. Amen. But chickens have their own food that they gather around, right? Amen. That's right. Amen. And the prophet said they they just scratch around in the manure pile. Amen. Getting them little worms and a little this and a little that. They they they they don't have, you know, that's their diet and that's what they fellowship around. That's what they gather around. Well, buzzards have their own diet that that they all gather around and and and they eat food that's been dead and rotten uh uh uh for for a while, stinking and and and you'll see them every every once in a while, you know, you'll see them buzzards flying around and you automatically know something died, you know, something dead, something stinking somewhere, and that's they're gathering around for a feast. Ain't that right? Amen. See, they swarm around that. Amen. See, well, if a man is gathered around something that is dead and rotten that's been dead for a long time, church, his experience will talk of that. Amen. And he will try to convince you that God is not doing miracles today. Amen. He'll convince you that God's not the same as he was yesterday. Amen. Because he's feasting off something that is long dead. Can you say amen? He will not experience the God that is the I am that I am. Amen. He He'll just talk about a God that was. Ain't that right? Amen. See, so he will think that the days of miracles is passed. He will believe that God doesn't do anything than that what he used to do. Amen. Because the word that he is feeding on, Amen. has no life in it. Now, if you'll notice that the Pharisees and the Sadducees were the buzzards in Jesus's day when when Jesus was on the earth, there there was different types. And and and the prophet called them the Pharisees and the Sadducees, he said they were buzzards. Amen. See, and and and well, how do you know that? Well, they were gathered around Moses's message. See, and and they were eaten from Moses's message. Amen. And and the prophet said, "They knew Moses, but they didn't know Jesus." They knew Moses, but they didn't know the fresh kill of the word. Can you say amen? Well, see, Moses's message was good when it was fresh. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? See, and and in that when it was fresh, notice what it did. It brought Israel out of Egypt. It provided a token for them to get under. Amen. It it provided an atonement for the people. It produced a smitten rock that followed them, it had the angel of the covenant with it. Ain't that right? Moses's message, while it was fresh, it was a message of deliverance. Ain't that right? But by the time Jesus got there on earth, that message had long died. It was rotten. It was maggoty. Amen. And it wasn't fit for the age, amen, that them Pharisees were living in. There was no power. There was no supernatural. There was no God in that message. Amen. Can you say amen? That's right. See, and so that's what the the Pharisees were gathered around. The supernatural was gone. And so they were eating it, but they weren't experiencing life from it. They were eating it, but they weren't experiencing the supernatural. Amen. uh uh that that that it happened uh uh uh when it was fresh. Can you say amen? So, Brother Brown said they were buzzards. See, and they felt they didn't need the fresh food of that day. See, they were taking the carcass of Moses's day and trying to gloat over it after God had given the type in the wilderness of fresh mana each night, meaning each generation. Amen. That's where they failed. It poisoned them. It killed them to eat that contaminated food. And spiritually, it does the same thing today. It kills them spiritually with a denomination. And and the prophet said that's how they crucified the Lord of glory. Amen. They were eating maggots food. They were eating a dead rotten food that had been dead long time ago. And they couldn't recognize the food that God was giving them in that hour. Now, the prophet said, "See, Jesus didn't serve the people leftovers from Moses's teaching, you know, by teaching Moses's message." Can you say amen? He was the word then. Jesus was the word then that he was given to the people. Ain't that right? Amen. To be eating and and these things. And so, he was feeding them the fresh kill of the word for that day. Now the prophet said Israel was called in that day to the wedding feast. Amen. And and uh the the feast of the wedding supper and Israel turned it down and went into judgment. See, they stoned and killed the prophets that was sent to them by making excuses. Amen. See, well, in the Old Testament, you know, God uh fed the children by by uh uh mana falling from heaven and and as they were on their journey and and he he fed them and and but he told them he said only store up the the food for that day. Don't don't don't save any don't store up any for tomorrow uh or anything like that, but just save for today. That's it. you know, and uh uh when they when they did save up for the next day, didn't listen, it it turned worms and maggots and it it spoiled. Ain't that right? And it was a type and the shadow of today. Amen. See, and so uh if you notice, the eagles were to only eat Moses's message. Amen. uh uh for that day. The eagles were only to eat Moses's message for that day. Ain't that right? See, so the prophet said there was some of it left over the next day, but it was no good. See? Amen. Uh uh the eagles may have not ate everything and and was left over. Amen. What was left over, it was no good. It it it didn't mount to nothing. See, but the prophet said the eagles knew they they knew that there was something else coming. And so they were waiting to see something else. Ain't that right? See, he says the word they say here. It's here. It's supposed to come. We had caribou yesterday. We have sheep tomorrow. See? See what I mean? There is old caribou carcass down there gloating, but we've got sheep coming today. Where is it at? See what I mean? Angels food. See, the people that eat mana one day, if they tried to keep it over the next day, it just got contaminated. So notice what he says now. Luther had a message of repentance, but you bunch of Lutheran buzzards. He says, Baptists had a message, but you Baptist buzzards and Pentecostals had had a message coming home now, but now it's Pentecostal buzzards. Ain't that right? See? And so, so we find that the the the buzzards come after the life has gone out of the meat, out of the the food, and now it's nothing left. Amen. It it was good in its time. Amen. It was good in its day, but we're not living in the day of Luther. We're not living in the day of Pentecost. We're living in a bride age. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? And so every denomination now is is is nothing but a storehouse of rotten maggoty food. I say that now it's nothing against people. It's against the system. Amen. That's what it is. It's the system that's drawing the people and deceiving the people in the name of Christianity. Ain't that right? But now the Lutheran, they had fresh meat under Luther's message. Amen. in Luther's day. Ain't that right? And so the prophet said, "You couldn't feed a Lutheran uh the the carry on that the Catholics were eating. You you just couldn't do that." Well, then the Methodists in Wesley's day, they had fresh meat. And you you wouldn't be able to convince Methodists in Wesley's day, amen, to turn back and start eating, Amen. Luther's uh uh food of of the food of Luther's day. It it it was rotten. It it was no good. Can you say amen? See, so you couldn't feed him Luther's message. The life was already gone from it. It was maggoty. And the prophet says, "Neither can you feed the bride of Jesus Christ." Pentecostalism. &gt;&gt; Are you with me, church? &gt;&gt; Amen. There there's a certain diet that the we as the eagles are are are feeding from. You cannot feed the bride of Christ. Pentecostalism. No, you see Christ is being revealed in the promise of the age. You believe that? &gt;&gt; In the promise of the age, the promises of the age. That's where Christ is being revealed. The promise of the age. That's where the carcass is. Amen. And that's where the eagles. Amen. See, that's what the churches, the prophet said, that's churches are gathered around. See, and he says churches doesn't mean denominations or organizations. It means groups of people of believers who are gathered together under the fellowship of the word. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Eating goes with fellowship. We've talked about it. Eating goes with fellowship and and uh eating accompanies fellowship. So where you gather to eat is where you have fellowship. Ain't that right? See fellowship. Eagles fellowship with eagles because they have the same things in common. Crows fellowship with crows because they have the same things in common. Chickens fellowship with chickens for the same reason. We've said it often. Birds of a feather flock together. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham said, you take for instance crows and doves. They don't have any fellowship with each other because why? Their diet. Everybody say their diet is different. Their diet is different. Two different cravings, two different likes, two different appetites. Their diet is different. See, they they couldn't invite one another to dinner because the crow is a scavenger. He just eats on old dead carcass somewhere. See, and the dove doesn't have any gall. So, if he'd eat that stuff, it would kill it. It's a very good picture of the sinner and the Christian. I mean, when he's a real Christian. Ain't that right? See, so so now now please understand what what I'm saying here this this evening is is see fellowship with the wrong things can kill you spiritually. You believe that? Fellowshipping with the wrong things. You see people even in in a message church and they're so dead in their life and experience and so carnal is and you find out what they're thriving off, what they're feeding off of and it tells you something's wrong. They're their fellowship is is with the wrong things and it's killing them spiritually. Amen. See, a a person can be raised in the message and go to a message church and and and yet not be gathered around the carcass of the word if their heart's not there. Amen. Jesus says, "They honor me with their lips, but their heart is far from me, showing that they weren't really gathered around the carcass for that day. They they were just honoring with the lips, but their heart was somewhere out in the world." Can you say amen? Amen. See? And so then then it tells us that we've got to stay gathered around the word of God. Amen. Everybody say, "Stay gathered." &gt;&gt; Stay gathered around the word of God. Brother Brown said, "It's bad when you go to segregating with unbelievers who are worldly and ungodly. Separate yourselves from the things of the world. Come out. Don't be better. Try to act like you're better, but don't mar your garments with the sin. Don't be partakers of other men's sins. See, if you want to speak a word of encouragement to people, all right, but don't have to wallow with the pig, you stay away from it. How many believes that? You don't have to act snobby and and and and just like, you know, whatever, you know, but at the same time, don't don't wallow with that. That's not your fellowship. As I've told you before, if you if if you're strong enough and you want to witness to somebody, then witness to that person. But don't you let them talk you into things that they're doing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And condoning it. &gt;&gt; See, so now as believers, we have things in common. We believe in the super How many believes in the supernatural? &gt;&gt; We believe in in in miracles. How many believes in miracles? Amen. That's something that we just believe in. We We believe that there's one Lord. How many believes that? Amen. We believe in Malachi 4, don't we? Amen. We We believe that that the seventh angel has come and sounded in this age. How many believes that? Well, see, then that shows we've got something in common. Amen. I I may not be like you, Brother Tim, and you're a businessman, and you're a lot smarter than I am in that way, but I I may not be that. that I can't just say, "Well, I ain't going to fellowship with him because he knows more about money and business than I do." I find that we've got something in common. We believe the message of the hour. We believe the Lord is coming. We believe in Malachi 4. Amen. So why would I let the devil put a wedge between us and say we can't have the fellowship? Amen. Because of some carnal reasoning. Amen. Church, I'm telling you what, if we're gathered around the carcass, we can have fellowship. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Brown said, "This is why we have gathered around is because we have things in common. That's why the eagles are gathered around the carcass. Is because they they're of the same diet. They they've got the they're they're enjoying. And this is Brother Bram said, "I'm so glad to have your kind of feathers so that we can have this fellowship." Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. I'm I'm glad that I've got eagle feathers and not chicken feathers. Amen. I'm glad that I've got the same kind of feathers that the prophet had. Amen. That as he got excited around the word, I can get excited around the word. Amen. When he can receive the revelation, I can receive the revelation. Amen. When the eagle is screaming, I'm not around clucking. Amen. And not know understanding. Amen. What is going on? But I'm that eagle that was in that chicken yard. I hear the scream and something calls out for fellowship with it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Whatever wherever the word is, the true nature of the bird will show itself. That's a direct quote from brother Brandham. Wherever the word is, the true nature of that bird of the bird will show itself. Now, someone asked Brother Bran, "What is the carcass and who are the eagles?" He said, "An eagle wants fresh meat. He must have his fresh meat. He's not a buzzard. He's an eagle. You can't give no denominational stuff to him. He's got to have the eagle's food. That's the freshest of the meat. Not what Moses done. Not what somebody else done, not what Sanki, Finny, Knox, Calvin, but right now. Right now, see the meat that's killed for this day, this age, right? That's the part of Christ that died to make this word be confirmed. That's what we they eat on, not what Noah done, what Moses done. They're examples. See, we see and read what they did, but it's what he promised to do. Now, see, and he promised it through them, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Types and shadows. See? So, so he he was the word back there. That was the carcass for that day. The day of Wesley was a carcass for that day. The day of Luther was a carcass for that day. But they don't go back to that. Not eagle. See, that's already contaminated. What was left over must be burned of the communion. Even don't leave it for the next generation. Ain't that right? Amen. See, the Bible says that when you're taking communion, what's left over of it, don't even let it lay till morning. Burn it. That's what we do with the bread. Amen. Communion bread. We burn it. Amen. After whatever is left over after communion, we burn it. Amen. It's not to be left over. See? Amen. See? So, refer back to that. See? No sir. I ain't doing that. See what we got fresh food today. Amen. That's the word that's promised to this hour be made manifest in this hour. Can you say amen? The word that's promised to this hour be made manifest in this hour. So, Brother Brandham in a prayer uh said this. He says, you know, the only way that we know to correctly fellowship with thee talking to the Lord is around thy word. to correctly fellowship with the Lord is to fellowship around his word. &gt;&gt; Not there's a lot of people singing and shouting and raising their hands and having Christian concerts and all of these things and oh time of worship. But to correctly have fellowship with the Lord &gt;&gt; is to be gathered and fellowship around his word. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; See, thy word is the truth. We gather here for spiritual strength. &gt;&gt; We need it, Lord. We must have strength to endure the crosses that we bear. How many believes that &gt;&gt; there's something nourishing in this message? &gt;&gt; I don't know if you feel it, but I sure do. &gt;&gt; Going through the trials that you go through, there's something nourishing. &gt;&gt; Oh my. you know, for years now, the churches or they've been talking about, you know, joining the churches, uniting the the churches together and and these things. The prophet said they're going to do it. They're doing it, you know, and he says, but they couldn't do it until the falling away, until the church begin to get away from the spiritual feast draw itself back and organize itself. And then the revelation didn't stay with the church. See, when when they had a good revelation, Luther had a revelation, Wesley had a revelation, Pentecost had a revelation. Amen. And and the revelation was there. Amen. And and and yet they they got away. They fell away. And the revelation did not stay with the church. So we got Methodists today that don't have the same revelation that them Methodist had in in Wesley's day. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. See, they they didn't have these things. Amen. See, and so we we find that Jesus already predicted that the people of this age would not come to the feast of the Lord. Too many excuses. Prophet says they have the excuse that their church don't believe in it. Right? It'd come to the message, but the church don't believe in it. They'd preach the message, but they would get kicked out, and then they'd be where are they going to preach at? And and and all of these things. He says, "If God would speak to a man's heart and say, I want you to go and preach the full gospel." Well, my church doesn't stand for it, Lord. You have to excuse me if you will. See, I've got a fine charge. You know, I'm pastor uh one of the greatest churches in the city, Lord. Oh, we praise your name down there. We sure do. I just can't do it. Excuses. He says they go out on Sunday afternoon and play golf instead of having a church. Close it up on Sunday nights cuz it's too hot to come. See, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, truce breakers and false accusers, incontinent, and despisers of those that are good. Oh, you say he's talking about infidels. No, he wasn't having a form of godliness fundamentally as fundamental as the other one was. Another place we we we stay home to watch this or to do that and or to take a little ride. It's too hot to go to church or something like that. I just don't feel good. Well, you're going to feel worse than that some of these days when you're condemned at the judgment bar. Amen. Another place, see they don't come to the spiritual feast of his promised vindicated word. They refuse. Too many excuses. See? Amen. But so they don't come to the spiritual feast of his promised word. Vindicated word. Some kind of excuse. Too hot. I'm too tired. I will tomorrow. Some kind of an excuse. That's all they do. See, by rejecting the day of visitation, it separates them from God. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; It separates them from God because you can't fellowship with God without correctly fellowshipping or you can't correctly fellowship with God unless you're fellowshipping around the word of God. &gt;&gt; Well, do you love him? &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord. Now, we have heard the cry, "Come out of her, my people." That's been a cry. And and if you've heard that, you're blessed to hear it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; At your invitation to come to the feast. &gt;&gt; Come come out of her, my people. &gt;&gt; You see, if if God's calling us out, then he wouldn't just have nothing for us not to go to. there wouldn't be anything for us to, you know, he wouldn't leave us just wandering. In other words, scattered. We've come out and we don't know what to do. Well, I'll go do this then. I'm going to go do this and I'm going to go do that and and and scattered all over the place. See? Well, God wouldn't do that. He'd have something for us to gather around. Ain't that right? you know, uh uh not to take much longer, but you know, we're we're it's it's a time of year season that that we'll start seeing the geese fly over and coming together and you'll start seeing them and occasionally you can see a bunch of them gathered around. You know, I've read to you a few Sundays back of how that, you know, brother Bram said he was him and uh that Indian man on the uh Bert that he had led to the Lord was on the lake and and ducks were just all over that water. He said it was the biggest number of ducks he had ever seen at one time. And they were just the quacking and the quacking was so loud and deafening and and and uh Bert, you know, said, "Hey, Billy says, you know, what what do you think? what what do you think's going on? And Brother Brandon said, "Well, a snowstorm is coming. The a snowstorm is coming." And and and so they're gathered, amen, they they've all come together, amen, to escape uh uh the the winter and the the the cold. And he says, "Well, what do you think they're doing with all that quacking so loud?" He says, "They're having good fellowship before they leave. They're gathered around for fellowship, right?" Amen. See? And so we we find, Amen, that you know, it's kind of like the same thing as as in Egypt on the first Passover when God was fixing to uh deliver. It was time of deliverance for Israel to leave Egypt. And Israel was scattered all over the nation of Egypt uh as slaves doing different things. and but but there came a gathering and God began to call and and gather them into one place and and and their gathering was in Gan. Amen. and and uh uh we we find that just before they left that God was going to send the death angel uh uh the destroying angel uh and and and uh they were to be delivered. But before he'd done that, he told Moses, "You tell the people to slay a lamb." Amen. And put the blood of that lamb on the door. And then that household or so many whatever the household would go under in under that blood into that house and they were together around that lamb and eat the lamb. Amen. And and the brother Brandham said they were to fellowship around the lamb. They were eating the lamb. The the lamb that had died in theirstead. The lamb that shed its blood in theirstead. That they don't have to die. They're under the blood. The blood is out there on the door as a sign that they've got a substitute. They didn't have to worry. They didn't have to fear. They didn't have to do Amen. Now, now there was fear strike in the land. Trust me. But not in the home where the lamb was. Not in the home where the token was. Not in the home where there was fellowship around the lamb. Amen. There must have been a house of hold of peace. There must have been a joy. There must have been songs being sung. I'm leaving this old place. Uh, we're going out of here. We're safe. Can you say amen? They were fellowshipping around the thing that had died for them. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. and they were in under the blood having communion and they weren't fellowshipping around worldly things but around the lamb and brother Brandham said that's the way it is in our heart when we apply the blood of the Lord Jesus taking away all sin then we can have fellowship eating the word of God around the table of God fellowshipping upon the godly things you preach divine healing and every one of them cries out amen why you're you're feasting off the lamb him. Can you say amen? Amen. See, uh uh that's right. Preach that we should lay aside all sin and malice and strife and things. And every believer says, "Amen." Fellowshipping around the word. Amen. That's what you like. You like to preach around to people that are fellowshipping around the word. They ain't fellowshipping around their troubles. They're not fellowshipping around the things of the of the world and the the dead carry on of unbelief. Amen. But they're fellowshipping around the word. And they know, amen, that a rapture's coming. They know that deliverance is coming. Talk about the end. And they're rejoicing because they're fellowshipping around the word. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We have too many people criticizing this message when they should be saying amen to it. &gt;&gt; It shows that they're not in fellowship around the lamb. Amen. The nature is showing up. Amen. It ain't an eagle nature because the lamb is the word. &gt;&gt; Now notice now the prophet said the word become blood. I just want you to understand what you're fellowshipping around. The word became blood. That lamb was a bloody lamb. &gt;&gt; The word bled for you. How many believes that? &gt;&gt; The every promise that God made to you has got blood on it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. G &gt;&gt; said, "See, the word bled for you, and you are washed in bleeding word, the word bleeding, the life of God in the word, and the word was bled for you that you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes." &gt;&gt; What was he talking about? false doctrines, false ideas, false conceptions of man, false teachings of man, maybe even from your own false teachings that you've conjured up that I may conjured up in my own mind. Do you understand what I'm saying? Amen. We we we've been washed from all of that. &gt;&gt; We're we're eating the pure unadulterated word. Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; See, the word bled for you that you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes and be cleaned and sanctified by the washing of the water of word, the word. And makes your mind and heart stayed on God and on his word. Oh, do you love him? &gt;&gt; No man, now no man can have fellowship with God outside the blood. You see, it's the blood that hides us from the wrath of God. You believe it? &gt;&gt; The blood. Where's the blood? Where the carcass is. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where it's at. See, the blood is what keeps God from destroying you. Keeps him from destroying me. &gt;&gt; He's not seeking to kill me. He's not seeking to kill you. &gt;&gt; There is a blood. &gt;&gt; You're not gathering around the figs of man. &gt;&gt; You're gathered around God's provided blood. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; As I said before, his holiness demanded judgment, but love demanded fellowship. &gt;&gt; So, he produced a lamb, the son of God. The lamb died in ourstead, took our judgment. so that we wouldn't have to die. And his shed blood has brought us back into fellowship with him. &gt;&gt; You believe it? &gt;&gt; Now notice he said, "Now, did you get that?" He said, "Then how?" See it? Through the blood, washing of the blood, taken away, separating of sin that the Holy Spirit woos the believer through the blood, cleansing of the soul into the fellowship into this spirit life inside with Christ. Shut out the world. uh uh and very nature of God is in you. Still subject to mistakes. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Still subject to mistakes. &gt;&gt; And your brother still subject to mistakes. &gt;&gt; Your sister is still subject to mistakes. &gt;&gt; Your wife and husband may be still is still subject to mistakes. Mom and dad, children, preacher. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Still subject to mistakes, but God can't see it. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Are you fellowshipping around the lamb? &gt;&gt; God can't see it. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, he said, "See, God can't see it because it's covered by the blood. &gt;&gt; God can't see through the blood. Every time he looks through the blood, it looks white." &gt;&gt; Is that the way you want God to look at you? &gt;&gt; Bloody bleeding word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He looks through the blood, it looks white. So if if God so pleased was so pleased with Christ till he accepted him and said this is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased and through Christ being the perfect one us dead to our own thoughts and ideas being born of the spirit of God walking not after theology but after the spirit inside of us then let the dead in Christ walk not after the things of the world but after the things of the spirit. Romans 8:1 said, "There is now therefore no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh, fighting and waring and strife and envy and selfish things." See, don't walk after that. That's of the flesh. But after the spirit. See, you're inside of Christ walking. Then all the things of the world pass away. All the great creeds that you had of this thing or that thing is all vanished away. and your mind and heart becomes singular on Christ Jesus. That shows you have died to yourself and born again. Then just as sure as church time comes, you just can't keep come from keep from coming to church. If you just going to you're just going to go if you have to hobble. That's all you're going to church because the spirit itself bears record of gathering together in Christ Jesus. Can you say amen? Now I'm I'm I'm going to clothe, but I want to read this. What is it then that we've been gathered to? Just our idea. Is it our figment of our imagination that we're gathered around the right thing? Oh goodness. Brother Brandon says, "Never forget at Joon Johannesburg, South Africa. I just arrived about 30 minutes before a plane and I had been been three days and nights in the air. So tired I could hardly stand it. They take me out to the fairgrounds where some 60 or 50 or 60,000 people were gathered. And no sooner than got on the platform till the Holy Spirit I seen coming across the place a bus and it had a sign on it Durban. I saw a young man had to fuss and slip away from his mother and father with one leg six or eight inches shorter than the other. He was wearing a white shirt with suspenders holding up his trousers. And I noticed the young man and I looked back again and the vision was gone. And then just in a moment I saw that light hanging over a young man way back in the audience. Now this is 50 60,000 people. And the man's in the very back, but he sees the light over there. Amen. And I looked and I thought I'd seen him somewhere. And I watched him and that light kept holding him. Uh it kept holding over him a few minutes and I was waiting for the interpreter to catch the next words. Then I seen that same young man stand up and throw down his crutches and his six inch inches short leg came down to normal with the rest. And I said to Mr. AJ Schuman who is in glory tonight. I said, "Mr. Schuman, just quote my words. It's a vision." And he said, "Very well." And I said, "The young man sitting back there with a white shirt on and suspenders. He come from a city called Durban, some 1500 miles across the country in a bus, and he had to slip away from his father and mother to come. But he's believed on the Lord Jesus, and he's got one leg 6 in shorter than the other." And the young man jumped up and there he was standing trying to feel for his crutches. And I said, "Young man, the Lord Jesus has healed you." And immediately his leg come out 6 in to the normal with the rest of him. And they brought the young man to the platform and doctors examined him there. You can see his picture in my book. And I've been standing there just a few moments and I seen a little green car running down the road and it slipped and it turned around backward and struck a tree and a young blondheaded girl had a broken back and I said, "I see a little green car that slid into a tree and a young blondheaded girl of about 18 years old has a broken back. She's in serious condition." No one responded and I couldn't see her anywhere in that vast big audience of people. And I stood there just for a few minutes and I said, "Understand it. Don't be suspicious. It's the Lord Jesus." In the power of his resurrection, he sent the Holy Ghost to continue his work. And there I seen the vision happen over again. And I couldn't see the young woman. Just then, standing right in in front of me here stood that light as you see on the picture. And it stood there. And I walked up there and and there she laid down below the platform. Oh God, rich in mercy. And I said, "Young lady, the Lord Jesus has made you well." And she started to cry. And her mother said, "Oh no, don't tell her to get up. Says if she moves, she'll die." And the young lady jumped to her feet, screaming and praising God. And the mother fainted and fell in the cot that the girl was laying in. "What is it?" he's asking. Just about that time, some critical man raised up back there and stood with one foot on one seat and one on the other and said, "You American, I challenge you to tell me what name you do this in and what denominational church do you belong to?" See, it's just the same. They don't understand. They're not looking for these things, right? They're not looking for these things. They're satisfied with old carry on. See, the churches are not looking for the coming of the Lord. And the Holy Spirit is here to confirm his coming to bring it to pass so much. Each one wants to take his own way. That's the way it is. It was there. Each group had their own idea. But that's not the question tonight. That's not what I'm talking about. The question I'm asking you is, what do you think it is? It concerns you. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Who is this that's going up and down the nations? Not man. Man man cannot do those things. Who is it that's speaking and saying to the people in the audience that's sitting right here and over here in different places in the meeting when women and men are brought in here dying. Who is it? That young woman that walked into the baptistry this morning that three weeks ago dying with sarcomus cancer uh uh lives right here on Maple Street. Mr. or Miss Batty Batty I guess and and and I asked three doctors that was with her. She didn't have one chance to live. Think of that church didn't have a chance to live with four or five little children and my mother trying to take care of them. Mama said, "Bill, she'll never come home again." And I went out to where she was and the Lord Jesus spoke. Thus said the Lord, if she will go to the church and promise to be baptized in the name into the name of the Lord Jesus and will serve God, she'll go home well. And I asked her, "Will you do this, lady?" And she said, "All that you say, I'll do it." And immediately the pains left. And three days later, she was home. And the doctor can't find one trace of that cancer. Who is this that cometh in the name of the Lord? Who is it? It's the Holy Spirit of God. What's your opinion of it? What's your opinion knowing your pastor? He says, see, and with sitting in these seats here, people out from out of town sitting with epilepsy and setting with here sets a man somewhere in here, a Menite brother right here, a surf sufferer of epilepsy. Never knew him. Seen him, nothing about him. See, and all of a sudden about two years ago, I guess two years, the Holy Spirit called it and said, "Thus sayith the Lord." And he's never had a spell since. Who is it? Who is it? See, this woman was sitting here last Sunday, the last time I was here, and come down from somewhere in Illinois the next day with a great tumor in her body that was malignant. And some of the best medical science of Illinois was taking her to the great clinic to be operated on Monday. and she squeezed her way in. And I've never seen her, heard of her in all my life. And all of a sudden, the Holy Spirit shouted her. And he told her who she was, where she'd come from, and and she was going to be operated the next day. And he says, "How many was here to see it?" Uh, see that? He said, "Seen the news flow back." The next day, she went to the doctor. They taken her from clinic to clinic. Can't find a trace of it. Who is this? Can you say amen? Amen. Who is this that's doing this? Could you dare to say it was your pastor? Never. Could you dare to say man had anything to do into it? Never. It's the Holy Spirit. The spirit that was on our Lord Jesus and is coming to unite himself with his church is so close that he's spreading forth his great holy light to redeem and to bring into fellowship a church of the living God for the rapture that's near at hand. Who is it? I can't answer your question. I can't answer for you, but I can answer for myself. And over this sacred desk tonight in the ears of this the company and the purchase of the blood of our Lord Jesus, I say this from the bottom of my heart. Not because that I'm one of you, not because that I'm just somebody different, but one of the redeemed that's washed by the blood. I believe that that same light that hangs in this church tonight, that same one shows by its nature that it's Jesus Christ in the form of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That's what we've been gathered to. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; And as we're eating it, we believe it. I believe the same miracles can happen tonight. &gt;&gt; I just believe it. There ain't nothing that's going to whip this bride. &gt;&gt; Brother Tim, I believe it. &gt;&gt; That cancer can disappear. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; From Sister Martha. He can do it. He did it here. &gt;&gt; That's the word we're feeding off of. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that, church? &gt;&gt; We've seen it. We've seen the blind eyes open. I've seen the crippled walk. I've seen legs straighten out and grow to its normal length. I've seen it. We're feasting off the word. &gt;&gt; I just believe it. &gt;&gt; If the musicians will come, this concerns you, church. &gt;&gt; It's the same thing that's going to bring a rapture and changing of our bodies. It's the thing that's giving us strength to fly away from the things of the world and to escape the oncoming judgment. I thought of this. Brother Brandaman speaking of the cloud that appeared over Tucson said they took the picture. They still don't know what about it. here. Some time ago, everybody was saying, "Lookie here. This looks like this and them angel's wings and how they're folded in there." One day, turning it to the right, looking there was Jesus Christ, just as perfect as Hoffman ever drove him. It was standing there with the white wig on, looking back down towards the earth, showing that he is supreme authority. That's what we've been gathered around. The heavens declare it. The Bible declares it. The message declares it all the same. Supreme Authority with the white wig on. You see his black beard under. Many of you have seen the picture. We got it back there. Just turn it to the right sideways. Look at it. There he is. Just as perfect as it was if it had been photographed of him. They're looking at it from the wrong angle. You got to look at it in the right angle. They don't know what we're gathered around, but we've looked at it from the right angle, and we know. We know what we're gathered around. It's proven by our nature that we're eagles. We're eating on the fresh carcass, the fresh mana, the promised word that God promised in this age. I see no mistakes. I see nothing less than Jesus Christ made manifest. Hallelujah. God made manifest 2,000 years ago in a body that was created in the womb of Mary. But in this day, God made manifest in a body that was redeemed by his own blood. Hallelujah. And I see a people, Amen. redeemed by that same blood, God in you. Hallelujah. Do you love him? Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name He said, "See, the first time I ever seen him, he looked like the head of Hoffman." He said, "I'd never seen that before." And in Billy's Sunday's tabernacle years later, I saw it. My house has never been without one of the the picture sins. Then here in the skies, and you remember what brother Brandham talked about. I I I wish I could remember the sermon looking unto Jesus, maybe. Can't remember. You can look it up, but where he talked about how he was in the field crying, weeping at night. He said, "And there stood before him was the Lord Jesus." Had his back to him. He said, he said he really don't know what it was. He said, but all he knows is the wind started blowing and his hair and his garments were flowing with the wind. [Music] And he looked he said, "Jesus and he turned and looked at him and he says the the the the scene, the face, you can't even describe it with words. No artist could ever ever ever catch all the features." Then he saw the Hoffman's head of Christ and he said, "That's the that's the closest that that he looked. It's not exactly, but it is the closest. But now he says here, see, 33 years later from seeing him out in that field, declare it that it's the truth. That's the way he looks, not some mystic something of somebody's idea. Can you say amen? He said, "See," he said, "like in the Vatican, they got a Christ draw over there with a little white ring of beard and a ring of beard around his chin about a half inch long, runs right around the top of his mouth and like this." And they call that the Christ. That's puts me in mind of a Greek artist. I seen one time in an ancient cathedral showing what Adam and Eve look like. They look like beast or something. That's what the carnal mind can perceive of some spiritual thing. He said, "I think Adam was the most handsome man that ever lived and Eve was a perfect woman in every way." He said, "But now the carnal mind wraps up the thing in their own ideas and then God sends down and unfolds the thing by his power." Aren't you glad for that? Aren't you glad you're you're around the carcass, the fresh kill of the word? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh little legal [Music] and fly. Glory to God. You weren't born. [Music] You were born for the sky. Don't let the trial get you down [Music] and drive your spirit in the ground mount up with wings. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, sing it again. Go. Spread your wings, little eagle, and fly. [Music] You weren't born for the valley. Oh, but you were born for the sky. Don't let your trial bring you down and drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings, little eagle. Well, how many eagles do we have here tonight? Can you say it again? Oh, spread your wings, [Music] little eagle. You got wings. You got the promises. Just spread them and fly. You weren't born for the valley. Oh, but you were born to fly in the sky. Don't let your trial bring you down [Music] or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings, little eagle. Sing it one more time, shall we? Hallelujah. So spread your wings, little eagles. [Music] Oh, keep feeding, feeding, getting strength, cuz you weren't born for the valley. But you were born. You got to fight your way through them atmospheres. Oh, don't let the trials get you down and drive your spirit to the ground. Ry mount up with wings, little eagle, and fly. Don't let the trial, Don't let the trial bring you down and drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings. Little eagle and fly. Oh, can you lift your hands? Can you worship him? I know I have you do that a lot, but the prophet said, "You water after the word has gone forth, you water it with your praises." Oh, Father, we're so thankful we have a gathering place. We're so thankful, Lord, that you made us to fly that we could be gathered around the carcass of this day. We're not crazy. The world thinks we're crazy. The makeeliever thinks we're insane. That we're going overboard with things. But oh god, it's it's nature's of an eagle. We're feeding off every word, Lord. We see you manifested in your word. We're drawing strength from it. We're so thankful, Lord. We love you. Bless the people here, Father. You see their needs. You see the things they're going through. I I pray, Lord, that you'd help them. Oh God, we love you. We love you. Don't let the trial get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Just mount up with wings. It'll eagle and fly. One more song. I'm going to rise. Rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings, fly away one more time. I'm going to rise. Oh, I'm rising now. Oh, I am rising. I'm rising. Rising above it all. I've got my wings spread. I'm rising to heaven. [Music] Oh, sing it again. I am rising. Oh yes. Halleluah. Rising. [Music] Rise above it all. Spread my wings. Fly away. Rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings, fly away to heaven, rise above it all as they play softly. God bless you. We love you. Remember service 11:00, Brother Daniel will be ministering, the Lord willing, and ask for your prayers as we would be traveling tonight and be ministering there in Pennsylvania and just praying God will anoint, be with us, be with the people. Oh my, it's such an urgent time, isn't it? I so want to proclaim this message to everyone I know. Hey, Satan fighting. He's trying to twist it all up, trying to discourage young people. One one man behind the pulpit, he asked the congregation says, "How many believes that the voice of God's on tape?" Amen. He goes, "You better be careful what you say." He said, "I said to my church the other day, and they all said, Amen. And I took a hammer and smashed the tape right before him. I said, "I just matched the voice of God. This is a man that claims to be in the mess of church." I thought, "Oh, God, them young people, what are they what are they going to think? This thing's sacred to me? These books are sacred. These tapes are sacred. Play the tapes in your home. Read them books. Feed, feed, feed. That's the only way you'll get strength. Get off the YouTube. Get off the television. get off whatever you're reading, whatever, and find time to listen to the message of the hour. Can you say amen? God bless you. Love you. Sure. Good to have brother John. Is your name Brother John? John. All right. And uh we certainly want to keep him in our prayers. He's going to school. And um also uh this coming Sunday will be the fifth Sunday. And so we're we're trying to uh on the fifth Sunday uh take up offerings for our meeting. And uh so just keep that in mind. Um that uh this this Sunday will be for the offering for our meeting. Amen. God bless you. Love you. Let's bow our heads. Brother Bill, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? [Music] [Music]
