################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Brother Andrew Glover It's Time To Check The Spiritual Forecast - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Brother Andrew Glover "It's Time To Check The Spiritual Forecast"
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2xnEH7CVdY
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] tell you why. Because my shins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. There of blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkishes from dawn. in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now, oh, my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. to tell this part. I'm glad. My sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Now when Satan comes to tempt me and he tries to make me doubt, I say, "Oh, my sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgivefulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day white. My sheds are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say I know my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. or as far removed as darkness is from [Music] dawn in the sea of God's forgiveness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. This be why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because are you happy this morning? [Music] Oh, and when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the black. Christmas. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Oh, can we sing that again? Oh, there beneath the black on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. in the sea of God's forggetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are [Music] gone. Amen. Are your sins gone this morning? Amen. You can't get any further than God's uh sea of forgetfulness. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. How many enjoyed the service last night? [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me in the sunshine in the rain. He is still the King of Kings who remains the same. Oh, he's faithful to his children and his promises are true. If he says he'll always be there, that's exactly what he'll do. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley, low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. Oh, he's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me in the sunshine, in the rain. Oh, he is still the king of kings who remains the same. Oh, he's faithful to his children and his promises are true. If he says he'll always be there, that's exactly what he'll do. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Now I don't worry when skies are gray. And I don't bother with the guards. Satan throws my way. Oh, for the one who cares for sparrows and the liies of the field. Is the one who calms the violent storms when he says, "Peace be still." Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. And I don't worry when skies are gray. And I don't bother with the darts Satan throws my way. Oh, for the one who cares for sparrows and the liies of the field is the one who calms the violent storm. When he says, "Peace be still." Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though. I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Now in the sunshine and the rain. Oh, he is still the king of kings who remains the same. Oh, he's faithful to his children and his promises are true. If he says he'll always be there, that's exactly what he'll do. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Play, brother Kevin. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. I like this verse now. I don't worry when skies are gray and I don't bother with the darts. Shan throws my way. Oh, for the one who cares for sparrows and the liies of the field is the one who calms the violent storms when he says, "Peace be still." Oh, he's good on the mountain. Is he good? Oh, he's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. [Music] That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Oh, he's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Hallelujah. Amen. Has he been good to you? Oh my. Amen. [Applause] Does anybody know? Does anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. I do. [Music] Does anybody know about the love of [Music] Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Does anybody know? Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Oh, does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Oh, yes. Do anybody know about the power [Music] Jesus? How many witnesses do we have this morning? I do. Lord, does anybody know about the power of my Jesus? I do. Oh yes, I do. [Music] Oh, does anybody know about the love of my [Music] Jesus? I do. I do. Yeah. Yes. Does anybody know about the love of Jesus? Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Does anybody know? Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Hey man, did you experience his grace? Oh yeah. Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Sing it again. Does anybody know about the power of Jesus? Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Lord, does anybody know about the power of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. As they would just play softly, we've got several written prayer requests we want to make known this morning. Um it says uh uh there was a uh a young lady there, a young girl was kidnapped um there in u Johannesburg, South Africa. Amen. The the family uh of the young lady is message believers. Amen. And uh they've asked us to pray uh that the Lord would just bring her home. Amen. Brother Daryl Ward's grandson is not feeling well. Manny's been fighting sickness. And also, um, Lynn Duggar is in the hospital. His, uh, kidneys are shutting down. So, so let's just keep these, uh, request before the Lord this morning. Heaven, he has an unspoken request, but lift your hands this morning. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Kenny uh, Caps if he would come and lead us in prayer. Amen. Let's keep Brother Andrew Glover in our prayers this morning that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. How many can say, "Lord, I want more of you this morning." [Music] Amen. Hallelujah, church. How many's happy to be here today? God is good all the time. All the time, God is good. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, once again, Lord, we've been uh uh gathered in your name, Lord, that we may be found, Lord, worshiping you in spirit and in truth this morning. Lord, we pray for a blessing for each and everyone who made the effort to come, Lord. It's not easy for some, but Lord, we just respect and we believe and we bless everyone who made the attempt to come out. And Lord, for these prayer requests this morning, Lord, we pray that you'd intervene. Lord, may the Holy Ghost go and arrest that devil that's uh bothering uh uh each and every one that we've had a request for this morning. Lord, we know that you are the mighty one. You are the one, Lord, that can heal. You are the one that can deliver. And Lord, we give you thanks, Lord. We give you glory and honor for all you've already done, for what you've done in this prayer line last night. Oh God, may it continue as these folks go home on their way. Lord, may they continue to believe. The prophet of God said, "I only believe." Oh my. Lord, we love you tonight or this morning. Will we praise your name for all things in Jesus name? Amen. Amen. Jesus. Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Does anybody know about love [Music] Jesus? I do. I do. Does anybody Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? I do. I do. Or does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. You can be seated as brother Isaac Massingale comes. Does anybody know about the power of Jesus? Oh, I do. Oh, I do. Does anybody know about the power of [Music] Jesus? I do. Yeah. Yes, I do. Amen. How many got a touch last night? Amen. Well many well many years he walked in darkness as he groped along the streets with his hands stretched out for pennies or for just a bite to eat. It's the story of the blind man who met Jesus on his way. But with the master's touch, the man looked up as the scoffers heard him say, "Well, somebody touch me." Oh, somebody touch me. I was blind, but praise his name. Oh, I now can see. Well, I was in darkness. Oh, when Jesus failed me, but since he touched me, I now am free. One day he touched the crippled man, made him to walk again. Well, the master he saw with pleasure that he had labored not in vain. Like the story of that crippled man. I once was bound by sin. Oh, but since the master came. Oh, praise his dear name. Thank God I never can say. Well, somebody touched me. Somebody touched me. Oh, I was blind, but praise his name, I now can see. I was in darkness. Oh, when Jesus found me. But since he touch me, oh, I now am free. Sing it with me if you would. Oh, somebody touch me. Yes, somebody touch me. to say I was blind, but praise his name I now can see. I was in darkness. Oh, when Jesus found me, but since he touched me, I am free. Oh, I was in darkness. Well, when Jesus found me, but since he touched me, I now am free. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many has felt the touch of the master's hand? Amen. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Safe. God's wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out that he could bring me out. Show me the way. For a long time I [Music] traveled down a long lonely [Music] road. My heart was so heavy and I sang close. Then I heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Sing it now. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. I'm saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me. His brother's come for the offering. Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Oh, I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. I'm safe. Saved by his wonderful [Music] grace. And I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Lord, we love you here this morning and want to thank you for all that you've done for us, Lord, especially last night and feeling your presence in this place. And I'm asking, Lord, that you'll be with us again here this morning. Just bless all those that can give and those that can't. In your name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Applause] Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved say by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Sing it again. As brother Mark Spencer comes. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me the [Music] way. Amen. Let me have fear this morning. Let me have you be part of the predestinated to be here this morning. Amen. I was thinking about you look around. You see all the people that's not here. You say, "Well, there's empty chairs." I'm here to tell you when he comes back after his bride, there's going to be a lot of people missing. But you just thank God that you are a part of the ones that are going home. Amen. I thank God for that this morning. Amen. People were delivered last night. Amen. I come fired up. I learned how to I got my twin right here in the front. He taught me how to dance. Brother Jans taught me how to pray. And where's my bodyguard out there when somebody comes shouting right straight to me? He took a lick. And I He said, "That's what I'm here for." I thank God that there's somebody standing between me and sin that's going to take the lick for me. Amen. I thank God for that this morning. We got something to be proud of. We got something to give joy. We being predestinated for this hour, this time, this moment in our lives. Amen. We have a reason to shout. We have a reason to praise God. Amen. I thank God for brother Sean having these meetings because I get to meet you. I get to use to you when I get over there. I ain't going Yeah, I know him. Amen. I'm going to pray right beside of you. Amen. I'm going to be right there with you. Amen. I think about it. When we go through trials and tests of life, people were delivered last night. People were delivered. Walls came down. Amen. Walls came down. Amen. You think about Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. Brother Brandham talks about them. I want think about him this morning. Amen. But they did not question when they were leading them to the fire. Brother Brandham takes us back and puts us in a story. They were looking at one another. Are you ready? Yes, I prayed all night. Amen. Ain't nothing. My God is going to take care of us. Whether we live or whether we die, he's going to take care of us. And they didn't worry about the people that was around them. Enemies is always going to be around you. Amen. You just keep walking. You keep walking. It's going to get hotter. Amen. But what he's doing is burning out everything that's inside of you that don't need to be there and get you ready to go. Amen. Brother Andrew is coming to preach. I'm just having a good time. Amen. who couldn't preach to you all. Y'all are ready and recipients of the word of God. Amen. Thank God for good moms, too. My mama read a story from the Bible long ago about Shadrach, Meack, and old Abindigo and how the wicked king command they be thrown into the flame because they would not bow and then deny their father's name. Mama said the king stood high up on the balcony so tall. When he looked in, he was shot by all the things he saw because they thought that he wouldn't find it. Lying dead upon the ground. But instead of three, he counted for up walking all around. Then I said, "Mama, wait a minute. There's one thing that I must know." And three went in and three came out. Then where' that fourth man go? And I never will forget it. Mama danced across the floor. She thought probably God's work had never been before. She said he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you. When you call upon his name, not one flame or fire will touch. You'll come through it and you'll tell. Yesterday, today, forever, God is still alive and well. I said he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. Not one flame of fire will judge you. You'll come through it and you'll tell. Yesterday, today, forever, God is still alive and will. Oh, my friend may be destined to face life's hottest flame. But I'm glad that I can tell you through the power of his name. Not one flame of fire will touch it. You'll come through it and you'll tell. Yesterday, today, forever, God is still alive and well. I said he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. Not one flame or fire will touch. You'll come through it and you'll tell. Yesterday, today, forever, God is still alive and well. I said he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. Not one flavor of fire will touch you. You'll come through it and you'll go yesterday, today, forever. God is still alive and [Applause] well. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you still believe he's in the fire this morning? Amen. Whatever you have need of, he's there to meet that need. Amen. As we invite our pastor to come, can we sing that song? I see a cloud. [Music] I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain now. In a time when it was dry and not a cloud up in the sky, all the children of Israel began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now they opened up the door. A seventh time they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. They began to understand. The time for rain was at hand. Just like God said it would be. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a clown like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Go. Today we have no fear for a cloud did appear. The prophet scream, "My bride, go through that door." Oh, have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. The rain is just about to pour. Oh, I see a [Music] cloud. A cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain one more time. Yet I see a [Music] cloud. I see I believe it's been raining all week here. Oh, I see like a man's hand. I know it's going to rain. Bless the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. God provided the cloud and he's now raining upon his people. Amen. And I'm so glad for that. We didn't come here bringing our umbrellas, spiritual umbrellas. We want everything that the Lord has for us. Amen. You love him. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. I How many's enjoyed our musicians? I uh um I don't know, Brother Will Robson. Amen. Uh so I I uh told Brother Kevin I want him to uh play uh play something uh for y'all. And so uh he uh mentioned Brother Will. Uh Robson's got a special there with his saxophone. So they're going to play us a song. And u How many believes God works through music? Amen. Sure does. He He works for uh in music and and we certainly appreciate u uh them dedicating their talents to the Lord. And I've certainly been blessed and I know you have too. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] and you didn't have to buy tickets to hear them. God's blessed us with some the best musicians in the message of the hour. And I thank God for raising up young men to lend their talents. They're want not wanting big name. They're not wanting big highlight. They just want to be a blessing to the bride of Jesus Christ. And I'm so glad for that. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Amen. It's um a real honor to uh my brothers would come, but uh it's a real honor to have brother Andrew uh ministering for us today. And um uh brother Andrew is no stranger uh to us and we certainly love him. Uh sister Mariah and and uh brother Andrew's ministry. God has just really uh blessed him uh with the gift and um he's started preaching just at a very young age and um you know just uh he he was raised by his mother and grandmother, a broken home, but he had a desire to serve the Lord and um and he would say it, you know, every opportunity that he uh could come to church if if some way that you know uh his mom grandmother wasn't able to make it, he'd call on the phone just a young age just to um call someone to pick him up sitting on the front row always taking notice of of what the the ministry was saying and and these things and God has blessed him for that and uh you know I think he's a been a great example to the young people to you young people and Um uh you know uh he's he's been challenged in so many ways um uh through his ministry and uh people trying to sway him this way or sway him that way to their ideas. But he has stayed true to the message of the hour. I say God bless him for that and and um we need more young men like that. Amen. He was told he ought to go to college before he started preaching. Just go to college and get a degree. And it kind of tore him up. He didn't know what to do, you know. And uh received the advice that if God is opening doors, you follow that. And that young man has been whirled around preaching the gospel everywhere. God has blessed him and taken care of him. And and I know you're going to be blessed today. but he's asked us to um uh sing a song. It's an old song. Uh um and I'm sure you y'all would Brother Kevin would know it anyways. Um Signs of the Time are everywhere. Yeah. Amen. I We've never sung it before here, so I don't know. Um, [Music] try here's a time that just right. All [Music] right. I can't sing the same. Years of time have come and gone since I first heard it told. How that Jesus would come again someday. If back then it seems so real that I just can't help but feel how much closer his coming is today. Signs of the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes upon the eastern skies. Lift up your head. Redemption draw with nigh. Wars and strife on every hand. Yes. Amen. And vience fills the land. Steals some people doubt that he'll ever come again. Oh, but the word of God is true. He'll redeem his chosen few. Don't lose hope for soon Christ Jesus will [Music] descend. Signs of time are the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Lift your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption draw with [Music] nigh. Oh, signs of the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes upon the Easter sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption draw. Times of the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Lift your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption draw with [Music] nigh. Signs of the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption drawing. Lift up your head. Redemption drawing. [Music] Praise the Lord. How many is excited this morning? Amen. Amen. That ought to make our hearts rejoice this morning. Amen. It's going home time. Amen. Any day now, we're going to change bodies and Amen. Go back to where we came from. Amen. God bless you this morning. How many's enjoyed these meetings? Amen. Amen. How many can give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Amen. How many has received something from the Lord? A healing, a deliverance, a miracle. Amen. It's just been a such a tremendous time in the presence of the Lord. And Amen. I know this morning the Lord is here with us. And he has something for us this morning. And maybe we just bow our hearts together for a word of prayer. I know it's the final service of these meetings and I know maybe a little tired in bodies, but there's one thing we know that our Lord never fails. Amen. And let's just bow our hearts this morning and speak to him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this morning on this resurrection Sunday, Father, as we gather here this morning, our hearts are rejoicing, Lord, to know that we're not under the bondage of religion or tradition, oh God. But Lord, we're under the liberty of your word and the anointing of this message, Father. Lord, we're so thankful this morning for what you've done among us this weekend, Lord. And Lord, how we stand back and see the enemy fighting on every hand, Lord, doing everything that he can to hinder these meetings, to hinder these people, Lord. But Father, we stand here this morning with thanksgiving in our heart to say once again, our Lord triumphed over the devil's plans. Lord, we know that sicknesses were healed, diseases were healed. Lord, we know empty vessels were filled here this weekend. And Lord, for that, we give you thanksgiving. We give you praise. Now Lord, as we come this morning to the final service here, Lord, looking into your word, I pray this morning you send the spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building. Lord, may you drive out every spirit to try to hinder your word this morning. Father, may you move among us in the preaching of your word. For as your prophet told us, Lord, it's the highest office is the preaching of the word. Now, Lord, I pray you help me get myself out of the way this morning. Lord, may you remove me as the speaker. Remove them as the hearer. Father, Lord, may you speak through me. May you hear through them, oh God. And Lord, when we would leave this meeting, when the believers would get in their cars or get back on the planes or however they get home, Lord, as they travel home, Lord, may they be able to say, "Did not our hearts burn within us this weekend?" Lord, not as a man came and talk to us, but as you came, Lord, we thank you for your mercy and grace. Now, Father, have your way among us this morning. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. and all the believers says amen and amen. If you have your Bibles this morning, we want to turn to the book of Job, the 19th chapter. And while we're turning there this morning, I do want to say, Amen. We thank brother Shawn for the invitation, opportunity to be here once again and these these meetings and all the efforts and labors that's going in uh from Faith Tabernacle. And the just want to say I appreciate the vision to keep these meetings going and amen. I just recently uh heard brother Sean's sermon. He preached on laboring for the kingdom of God. And uh in that sermon, he he mentioned about different men of God that he knew of that had ministered and give of themselves and expended themselves when they really didn't feel like doing it. And I'll tell you this morning, Brother Shawn Martin has done that many, many times. And we thank you, brother Shawn. Amen. For giving of yourself when you didn't feel like it, but you did it anyhow. And preaching the word. We say God bless you this morning. Amen. How many appreciates the man of God for the vision? Amen. Listen folks have a vision but if nobody will follow it it does no good. So we thank the Lord for brother Shawn the family this morning and I tell you this meeting very very special to my heart is just a I don't know 17 18 year old boy. Brother Shawn uh invited me to be a part of these meetings and I thank you for that opportunity brother Shawn and all the men of God that's ministered here this weekend. I say my hadn't the word of God just been powerful. Amen. Powerful and amen. We we thank the Lord this morning and Amen. I do want to say it's an honor to have my wife here with me and Malachi. Amen. They're they're here somewhere. We're sure glad to have them here with us this morning. And Amen. Brother Matt McGary uh came all the way uh to give me a birthday present again. Brother Matt, thank you for coming. Amen. We sure love and appreciate him. Long story. I'll tell you another time. Amen. But it was Matt McGary that got kicked out of Louisiana camp, not Matt Morris. Amen. Love you, brother Matt. Job chapter 19 and verse number 23. You love the Lord this morning. Job 19 and verse 23. Job here writing, "Oh that my words were now written. Oh that they were printed in a book that they were graven with an iron pen and led in the rock forever." Now listen what Job says. For I hope that my redeemer liveth. I guess my redeemer liveth. For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. And though after my skin worms destroy this body, how many knows, brother Ram said, skin worms are already in you. But he said also is quickening power. Yet in my flesh shall I see God whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold and not another. He is our Lord. Amen. though my reigns be consumed within me. In the book of Proverbs chapter 29, Proverbs chapter 29, it's a very very familiar reading. Proverbs 29 and verse number 18. And then we want to look in one other place in in first uh Peter uh Proverbs 29 and verse number 18. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Solomon here writing he says where there is no vision the people perish but he that keepeth the law happy is he where there is no vision the people perish but he that keepeth the law happy is he and then first Peter chapter 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number eight I I'm going to borrow this scripture from brother Jonathan this morning also brother Wendle speaking last night on the grace 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number 8. Peter here writing says, "Whom you have not whom having not seen ye love." Notice that Job had not even seen him yet, but he already loved him. Whom having not seen ye love, in whom though now you see him not, yet believing ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory, receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls. Now listen, of which the salvation the prophets have inquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you. So this is not church grace. This is prophetic grace, which prophesied of the grace that should come unto you, which is because a prophet said, "You're a prophetic class of people." searching what or what manner of time the spirit of Christ which was in them did signify when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves but unto us they did minister the things which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven with things the angels desire to look into wherefore gird up the loins of your mind. Be sober and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here today, I want to by the help of the Lord for just a few moments this morning, if I would take a title, I want to speak to you on this. It is time to check the spiritual forecast. It is time to check the spiritual forecast. I want to read a quote here. It's a little lengthy, but I just want you to hear it this morning. I I believe Brother Brandham says it beautiful here and I know my redeemer liveth. 1955. He says, "I think of Job, the one we're reading of a few moments ago. He looked forward to this morning when he was old. He was stricken in age. His flesh was simply falling from his body from sores. His heart was broken in grief. Every mortal part of his being was withering away. And a great man like that who made a great impression to the world of his day. All that he was, the greatness, he would go to the cities of the east and the princes would bow before him on account of wisdom. But here he was at wits end. Isn't that something? Here he was at his wit's end. Everything was gone. Seemingly his body was gone. His property was gone. His children was gone. All that he had was gone. But then God in his mercy come down to Job and give him another sense. Amen. God in his mercy came down to Job and give him another sense that he could open his eyes and see the day that when there would be a body he would receive. He knew there was one coming, a just one who would stand in his place, who would raise up the body of the dead. And he screamed out, "I know my redeemer liveth." I like those positive words. Amen. Not a hope. So I have a feeling there will be. He said that's the attitude of many today. I have a hope that someday. But Job had more than that. See? Amen. He said I know my redeemer liveth. That's a positive side. It's no more negative. It's all positive. And if today if we only have a cross on top of the church to show which is all right that we believe in Christ's death, burial, and resurrection. If we only have a few dead bodies of dust laying under the church that some of the saintly people were buried in. We only have that as a hope, then we're among all men most miserable. But today, how thankful that we are that we don't have the dead bodies, but we have the resurrected spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, that he rose from the dead. Amen. Triumphant overall. It's not no more, I guess. So, you could look at a cross and guess so. You could look at a body laying on the ground and say, "I guess so and I hope so." But when the vision that struck Joel become a reality, then the resurrection of the Lord Jesus by the Holy Spirit in the heart, then you got it. He said, "I know my redeemer liveth." All the shadows had faded away. All the old darkness of hope so and maybe so. And we trust it'll be that way. It all faded away to everybody that ever made their heart a suppler, amen, of the Lord Jesus Christ. When Christ, the resurrected one, came to our sinful condition we were in. The old things died out in the crucifixion with him at the altar and we rose again a new with him and we live with him and we reign with him and we are seated now in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Listen, we're already raised with him. The resurrection's already passed as far as we're concerned because we're now risen with Christ. Amen. Seated in heavenly places. There is no more guessing. There is no more wishing. It's over. We are now risen with him. Seated in heavenly places. You say, "Then brother Brandham, what does it mean that we should preach the gospel?" Amen. That's our next hope. Amen. Amen. The resurrection is our hope. But the next hope is the preaching of the gospel that produced the resurrection. After we have risen with him, then we have the great commission to go into all the world and bring these tidings to others. Listen folks, Job 4,000 years, amen, before the coming of the son of God. Amen. Job by a vision saw the resurrection and he received assurance. Amen. By the vision that he was going to be there. Amen. Job saw an Easter vision. Can I say it like this? Job received a forecast. He received a picture. He received a vision of the future. And you say this morning, what are you talking about? That's what these meetings have been. They have been a vision. Amen. Or a future of your life. But listen, it's not going to remain in vision form. It's not going to remain in future form. But there is the God of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob that is here this morning. Amen. To transport you by the preaching of the assurance of the vision into the fulfillment of it. When you look there at that word forecast, it is a prophecy. It is an estimate. It is a prediction. Amen. Of future happenings or the condition. Amen. I love that, brother Mark. It don't just predict the future, but it tells the conditions that will be there when that thing takes place. Amen. It is to predict or estimate a future event or trend. It is to indicate as likely to occur. It is to calculate the future. How many can thank God for the message of the hour? Amen. This morning, we don't just have the promise of the rapture, but we have an entire sermon called the rapture that tells us the background or the condition or the setting, amen, in which the rapture will take place. When I look there at that word forecast, another word for forecast is vision. Brother said, "What is a vision? It is a forecast of future events. It foretells the thing before it happens." Amen. See, when a prophet is born, Amen. He's not born and becomes a prophet. Amen. But before he was born, he was already given a gift to be a prophet. He said, "Then a vision is what? It's the word of God or something foretold or a forecast of an event." He said, "A vision that the prophets had and Jesus had and Paul had all of them." Amen. And they tell of this day. Amen. Was a forecast of what would happen. And here we see the forecast being made manifest. Amen. And people don't even recognize it. Listen. The church age book is more than just a book to argue about. Amen. It's a forecast. The prophet of God said the preaching of the seven church ages. Amen. Which is the pattern. Amen. Or the forecast of all. Amen. That God was going to do for the churches. Amen. and through the churches. Amen. And positioningly setting them up. Listen, in the Old Testament, when you read the Bible, in the Old Testament, over 2,000 times, you will read the words, "Thus saith the Lord." He said, "Now, if a man says, "Thus sayaith the Lord," Amen. It's not the man talking. He wouldn't be a prophet. Amen. He said, "If he would, he wouldn't be a prophet. He would be a hypocrite." Amen. Cuz it would never come to pass. Amen. There's one chance out of 10,000 that he might guess at it. Amen. But if it's thus sayaith the Lord, Amen. the Lord God has said it. Amen. So the Bible is thus sayaith the Lord. Amen. By the prophets. This Bible didn't come from reformers. This Bible didn't come from theologians. This Bible didn't come from critics. This Bible came from the Lord. Amen. That spake, amen, through the channel of prophets. Everyone said that's why they took Christ's spirit upon themselves and they forecast the events, amen, that would come to pass. Amen. Talk about forecast. Amen. When the readers would read it, they actually thought, amen, that they were talking about themselves. When they read Job's writings, Brother Wendle, they thought Job was talking about himself. When they read Zechariah and Ezekiel and Daniel and all the prophets, when they read those writings, they thought they're talking about themselves, but in reality, they were talking about you. Come on, church. People's been reading Paul's writings for years. They've been reading that we shall not all die, but we shall be alive and remain. Do you realize this morning there's not one Thessalonian alive? There's not one Corinthian alive. Amen. But here you are this morning, and you are alive by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, what Paul wrote about, what Peter prophesied, what Jesus said would come to pass, you are living in the hour of the fulfillment of the vision of almighty God. Yes, sir. He was actually speaking about you, brother. Said like this, they were moved, amen, by the Holy Ghost. That's why Peter said the prophecy, it came not in old time by the will of man, but holy men of God spake. Amen. They spake as they were moved. Amen. by the Holy Ghost. I love what the prophet says in prophecy. If it's the true word of God, then it cannot fail. If it's a true prophecy from the word of God, it can not fail. Listen, when you think of this word forecast, Amen. What you automatically think about, Amen, is the weather forecast, right? Amen. Now, do you realize there's a natural forecast, amen, but there's also a spiritual forecast. When we think of that word forecast, as I said, Amen. we think of a weather forecast which in the in the book of Matthew the 16th chapter in the book of Luke the 12th chapter the Bible itself actually speaks amen of a weather forecast but when it speaks of that brother Kenny amen it's saying they have the ability amen to discern the face of the skies but they don't have the ability to discern amen the signs of the time when you look at that what he's saying is amen they're lacking spiritual discernment I'll say this as the elected overcomers of this age. Amen. We can do without a bunch of things, right? Amen. We don't have to have a bunch of fancy things and a bunch of polished things. But there's one thing that a believer, amen, must have in this age if he's going to overcome this age, and that is spiritual discernment. Amen. Spiritual discernment. Paul said that the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them. Amen. because they are spiritually discerned. When you look there at that word spiritually discerned, it is by the aid of the Holy Ghost. Brother Ram comes along and says, "I think it's good for us as ministers, amen, to follow our order." See, amen. We have an order from God and that is for the discerning of spirits. Listen, we don't follow every spirit, church. We don't believe every spirit, but the Bible said, "Try the spirit." Amen. Because there's many false prophets that are gone out into the world. Listen, there's many false prophets forecasting things today that don't have a bit more truth to them than the man in the moon. Hey, but we don't have to follow that confusion. We don't have to follow that nonsense. We have received a vindicated forecast. And the Bible said, "Amen, we will we will know our God and we will be strong and we will do great exploits." Amen. The Bible had a forecast. It said in the last days they're going to have a form of godliness, but they're going to deny the power thereof. Brother M said that's a promise. He said there will be millions of church members fall away. There will be despisers of those that are good. Brother said, "What is that not the right discernment?" Brother David, they'll not have the right discernment. He said, "Well, you think that's communists?" No. He said, "That's so-called Christians." Amen. Having a form of godliness. Amen. But denying the power thereof. Amen. No spiritual discernment. When you got spiritual discernment and the Holy Ghost is upon you, you have spiritual discernment. And it says amen to every promise of God. Amen. Said Paul said, "Look at the days with thee." He said, "We've got it. It's here. It's on us. We look and we see it. We hear it from everywhere. And what do we do? It ought to draw us together." Amen. I say this. It's time, church. Amen. To forget man-made theology. It's time to forget who's doing what and who's going where and who's preaching what. It's time to cry out to God. Amen. For spiritual power and spiritual discernment. Listen. Amen. We're not going to follow YouTube out of here. We're not going to follow some fancy church out of here. We're not going to follow some program out of here. But we have been given a message and it's going to lead us out of this dimension into another one. Amen. It's more than just a sermon. It's more than just a book. It's a vision, church. It's a forecast. It's Luke 17:30. In the day when the son of man will be revealed. Look here. The Bible said that Jesus prophesied and then the day the son of man will be revealed. And then the conditions of Sodom and Gomorrah would return. But Rem said, "Look, the police and homicides just go on all the time breaking up boys living together as husband and wife, women living the same way." Amen. Perverted. See, their minds are filthy minds because they don't have spiritual discernment. It's just a lust and a filth, and they can't satisfy themselves even with one another. They don't even marry no more. They just take up and go one until they're perverted. But Jesus said that it would be in the last days. But it took a prophet to say, "Here it is." Amen. It took a prophet to stand on a platform and say, "Here it is." Amen. The days of Sodom and Gomorrah are not on their way. The days of Sodom and Gomar are here. Now, I can prove it to you by the message. Y'all remember a few years ago, Amen. They they went and legalized samesex marriage. I know it's a tent meeting, but I'm going to preach a minute. They legalized same-sex marriage. And a few days after that, they went down to the courthouse, two homosexuals, and they walked in there and they wanted a license. Well, there was little woman down there named Kim Davis. Some of you probably heard of her. I say, "God bless that woman. I don't care about her background. I thank God for what she stood for." She said, "I will not give you a license." Amen. To marry in this county. They called the police, put her in jail. Brother Joe, the day they put her in jail, I was listening to a tape and brother said this. He said, "Someday there will come a solemn law and they will be protected by that solemn law." I thought, "Here I am living in the fulfillment of what a prophet said. 50 years ago, they would have run the boys out of the county and put them in the jail. But 50 years later, amen, they put the woman in the jail for standing for the principles of God. Well, if you think it's going to get better, it's only going to get worse. But I heard another scripture in these times begin to come to pass. Lift up your head. Your redemption is drawing nigh. When you see Sodom and Gomorrah, when you see homosexuality, when you see perversion, when you see lawlessness, when you see crime filling our streets and fill in our lives, it's time to go home. We have received another forecast. It's called the message of the hour. And this spiritual discernment is not guessing something is right. It's knowing something is right. Jesus said, "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Rebra come along said a man could read a newspaper if he's got any spiritual discernment about him at all and he can see that we are at the end. The hour is here. There is nothing left for us but the coming of the Lord. Some people go out and say, "Oh, that might be a thousand years from today." I don't believe that. He says, "I believe this generation will see the coming of the Lord Jesus. And if this generation doesn't do it, and I love this quote, I want to preach to the young people. One of the greatest honors of my life has not been making a football goal, not been making a basketball goal. One of the greatest honors of my life is having the privilege, amen, to stand on platforms around this world and say what a prophet said to our young people. Amen. Because I know, amen, somebody's going to see this rapture. Somebody's going to taste the power of translation. Somebody's going to experience what it's like to walk with God like Enoch. And one minute he'll be and the next minute he'll not. I want to preach to the young people. See, what he's saying is, I want to build up a spiritual expectation. When the world has taken every reason away from them to expect anything but gloom and doom and tribulation and destruction, I want to preach a message that'll cause them to shout, "Amen." I want to preach a message that'll cause them to go across the country to youth camps. I want to tell them something that'll cause them, amen, to turn from the things of Leodysia and to embrace the things of God. I want to tell them they got a future home. I want to tell them they got a body. I want to tell them they got a theophony. I want to tell them there is streets of gold and there's a crystal river and there's a tree of life. I want to tell them that one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9, there's going to be a cold sweep that's going to come across their bodies and in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, they're going to be changed. I want to tell them a good report. Hallelujah. I don't want their expectations to die and become stale. Come on. I don't want their anticipations to become stagnated. Listen, Re said, until he comes, we want to live each day that he might come the next minute. because it might be the end of your life. Listen, it might be the end of your life at that minute. Are you hearing me? Remember said, you don't know when you're going. This may be your last breath. We have it in us now. So, what do you want to use it for? Oh, God. I could preach right there for about 20 minutes. Amen. This could be your last breath in church. What do you want to use it for? Has that ever crossed your mind? When you're sitting there on Wednesday night, it's the evangelist coming out. When you're sitting there on Wednesday night all wed up cuz this happened and that happened and instead of praising God with your breath, you're criticizing the preacher, criticizing the singer, criticizing the young people. I tell you what you ought to do. You ought to take your breath and say, "I refuse." Amen. To give it to the devil. I'm going to use my breath because my Bible said, "Let everything that hath breath, let it praise ye the Lord." If I'm going to use my breath, let me use it to put it behind this message and say, "The world is falling apart." But little bride, lift up your head. You got a future. God promised a prophet in the last days. Listen, we're not looking for a prophet. We have a prophet. He said, "I will send you a prophet, and he will bring thee into the place which I have prepared." I love what Malachi said. He said, "Behold, I will send unto you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and the dreadful day of the Lord." Now listen, watch the forecast. "And he shall turn the heart." He shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse." Now, let me say this. We're a Joshua generation. We come out under a Moses, right? We go into the land under a Joshua. Do you realize our Moses and Joshua was in the same ministry of the seventh angel? He said, "I am a Moses calling you out of Egypt, calling you out of Leosa, but I'm going to take you somewhere. I'm going to positionally place you in the land of your inheritance." Look here, what Joshua, the new leader, did was he positionally, Amen, set them up in the tribes of Israel, and he divided the land of inheritance. But you know how he done it? He didn't do it by his ability to preach. He didn't do it by his education. He did it by spiritual discernment. And Reverend said this. He said there they remained in their place and they became the cream of the crop. I'll say this. Spiritual discernment, amen, is spiritual revelation of God. Watch what Jesus said. He said, "Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you." Amen. But my father which is in heaven. Re said, "You never learned it through education or denominational lines." He said, "Now watch and see where the gates of hell is against. It ain't against the denomination. It ain't against the government. The world recognizes them. Where is it against? It's against the spiritual revelation of Christ being here now, the same yesterday, today, and forever." He said, "Watch. That's where the church is missing it today." Amen. is that spiritual discernment to see what God is doing. Amen. They look way over the top for something here that's going on right here and it'll be past you. Amen. Before you know it. Can I say it to you? Don't miss it. [Applause] Can I say it to you? Don't miss it. Don't miss it, folks. These moments are the precious moments of your life. These are some of the most valuable times. Don't miss it. Well, the devil don't like that. But I'm going to say it again. Don't miss Wednesday night services. [Applause] Don't miss them prayer meetings. Don't miss them revivals at your church. Don't miss the power of God moving in the lives of your church. Don't miss it. It's a valuable time. Listen, they're always looking for what God's going to do, looking back to what God did, and they're missing what God is doing right now. Can I say this this morning? We're not looking for a vision. We're looking at a vision. We have a vision. Proverbs said, "Where there is no vision, the people will perish." I love that word vision. One of my favorite words in the entire Bible. Amen. That means oracle or prophecy, which is divine communication. Brother says, "What is a vision? It's another dimension." See, he said it's outside of the five. It's a six sense. What is a vision? Someone has asked me many times, "Brother Brandon, are you impressed to say certain things? Do you just think it in your mind?" No, sir. I see it. Exactly like I'm looking at you like you're standing here yet maybe 40 years back in somebody's life. Amen. He says this. Amen. A vision is God. So a vision is God by a word of knowledge dropping to the person to foresee or foresee something. It tells something that has been or something that will be. A vision tells what has been or it tells something that will be. I love what the prophet said in Job's darkest hour when he's sitting on the ash heap. Amen. God in his mercy came down to Job and you know what he done? He gave him another sense. I'm feeling good. He gave him another sense. In the darkest hour of Job's life, he comes down to him sitting on an ash heap with soores on his body with his flesh fallen off. He's at his wits end. Everything is gone. Everything is lost. But in the darkest of hours, hallelujah. In the darkest of hours, mercy come walking to Job and give him another sense. You know what the Bible says? The Bible says faith is the substance of things hoped for. It's the evidence of things not seen. You know what Paul said in Galatians 2 verse 19? He said, "I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God. I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live, I live in the flesh." Glory to God. The life I now live, I live in the flesh by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Well, Job, I got a message for you this morning. You might have come to these meetings in one sense, but you're leaving in another. You might have come to these services under the dictation of one sense, but bless God, you're going to leave here under the leadership of another sense. You say, "What are you talking about?" How many's ever heard the phrase in one sense but in another? You ever heard that? You know what it means? It means to refer to the different ways we perceive the world. Different ways we perceive the world. Brother Tim through our five senses. Look here. Amen. The best example I know of brother gives us in the bio from the message. He said there was a man came and handed a woman a box of rattlesnakes. He said listen. He said these are yours. Got your name on it. I love what brother says, brother Joel. He said, "In one sense, they were, but in another sense they were not." In one sense, they belong to her, but in another sense they didn't belong to her. You say, "How can you say that?" He said, "Because it had her name on it." Can I say this? But it didn't become hers until she claimed it. Amen. Even though it had her name on it, it did not become hers until she claimed it. Can I say this to you? I am in Leosa but I am not of Leosa. In one sense I'm in the world but in another sense I'm not of this world. In one sense in one sense I'm the son of my earthly father and my earthly mother but in another sense I got a gene seed of God on the inside of my soul. Listen, it didn't come from the devil so the devil can't take it away. It didn't come from my family so my family can't take it away. It didn't come from a church so my church can't take it away. It came from the mind of God through the voice of the seventh angel and it claimed me. Brother said he was a man speaking of Jesus in one sense but he was God in another sense. He was a man in one sense but in the spirit he was God. I love this. He said we are carnal and that part must perish but then the inside we are a spirit man. We have a soul on the inside and that's faith in God's word. Then we bring our outside body under subjection to the word by faith by accepting what God has said. Look at this word sense. It means the ability to understand, to recognize, to value, to react to something. Can I say something to you? We have five outer senses, right? See, taste, feel, smell, hear. We have five inner senses. Imagine, conscience, memory, reason, and affection. Right? But the prophet of God said, "Amen." But then we have another sense. Brother Daryl, he said, "It's a six sense." He said, "It's a direct sense, and it's the only positive sense." Come on, folks. When God came down in mercy to Job on the ash heap and he gave him another sense, watch what changed. His language changed from negative to positive because the faith of the God of the resurrected Lord I'm trying to behave myself is the six sense and it's the only thing that is positive. Come on church. Your seeing is not positive. Your feeling is not positive. Your memory is not positive. Your imagination is not positive. But God who is rich in mercy has compound in this age and he give you another sense and it's superior to every inner sense. It's superior to every outer sense. What sense is it, church? I'm talking about the faith of God has returned to the church in the last days. If you're possessed with faith, then it's just as real and as much reality to you as God is. In a man, he is one sense a miniature creator if he's a child of God. But the spirit of God is in him who controls him and who operates him. Amen. I didn't get time to put in my notes, but I'll give it to you right now. Y'all remember the Bible said, I think it's uh Amen. Can you give me uh 1 Corinthians 4:8 or 2 Corinthians 4:8? Amen. The Bible, it talks about being perplexed. What is it? Y'all remember it's the end of meat. Y'all remember that scripture? 1 Corinthians 4, something like that. Anyhow, they'll put it up there. Perplexed. There it is. We are troubled on every Thank you. We are troubled on every They do a lot of work. Give them folks a big hand. God bless you all. We are tr and sometimes we don't even know they're back there till the microphone cracks. God bless you all. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. In one sense, brother Windle, we're troubled on every side, but in another sense we're not distressed. We are perplexed in one sense, but brother Caleb, in another sense, we're not in despair. Give me the next verse. Amen. There it is. Amen. Amen. We are persecuted in one sense, but in another sense, we're not forsaken. We are cast down in one sense, but in another sense, we're not destroyed. Are y'all hearing me? I'm talking about the people who have received a vision in the darkest hour of seven church ages, and another sense has returned to the church, and it has positionally placed you as an overcomer in Leosa. Well, somebody shot that devil out of this building. I got another sense and the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Yes, sir. That six sense has come and it only belongs to Christians. It only belongs to Christians. It only belongs to believers. Whip that devil back to Georgia. Brother Matt, whip that devil back to Arkansas. Brother Daryl, whip him back down to Tennessee. Brother Wendle, whip him back to Oklahoma. Brother Diego, whip him back to to Kentucky or Indiana, wherever. Amen. Amen. Brother Joe, whip him back to Tennessee. Brother Sean, whip him back to Riner. Brother Tim, whip him back to North Carolina. Ronnie, whip him back to Ohio. I may be defeated in one sense. I may look distressed in one sense, but in another sense, I am a son of God. in another sense. I have come from God and I'm going back to God and there ain't nothing the devil can do in time to reverse what God has done in eternity. I'm talking about we've received another sense, brother Sean. We got another sense. It's not sin. It's not taste. Brother Jonathan, it's not imagination. It's faith. I got so many quotes here I got to skip over them. But I'll say this. The super sense is the Holy Spirit. And it's the faith of God that dwells in you. It don't visit you. It dwells in you. Bram said that six sense, it controls the five senses. He said what it'll do is it will deliver that word to you and then make you walk contrary to any other thing there is. But God's word, you say, "Brother Andrew, nobody preaches a new birth." Well, I don't know what grock you're under. But brother said this. He said, "The new birth activates or it quickens that super sense." He said, "The six sense come for this reason only. That was to make the five senses in you deny anything that is contrary to God's word. That is what the six sense is for." The scripture speaks of casting down reasonings. He said, "You walk by the six sense. You talk by the six sense. You you live by the six sense. You die by the six sense. You rise by the six sense. You super sense something that's in you, but it's different from what the natural man is. See, so the natural man's senses are all right. But they've got to be brought into submission to the six sense. I'm going somewhere. If the natural mind says and reads the word of God and says that is the word of God, it's speaking the truth. But if it reads it and says it's not all the word of God or it was or it's something it was one time but it isn't now. He said then the six comes in. Then the six sense comes in and says he's the same yesterday, today and forever. He says see the six senses come upon the human being to make them deny anything that is contrary to the word of God. Well glory to God. The sixth sense has come upon the human being to cause them to deny anything that is contrary to the word of God. Amen. Why are we having amen so many issues and problems is because we're not laying down and accepting the box of rattlesnakes. We're not laying down and accepting, well, this is the way it'll be and and this is my future and this is my life. No, we have received another sense and it rises up on the inside of us and the devil says you're not going to make it. But the six sense raises up and says you've already made it. The devil says you're sick but the six sense raises up and says but by my stripes you are healed. The devil says you're not going to get out of these. Amen. But the six sense raises up and says I've already heard the eagle scream. I've already left that old church age. I've come over into the presence of the soom. What is it? Amen. The sixth sense feeds only on the word of God. It's a greater sense. I'm laying these in here for a purpose. It's a faith. It's a power that stirs and drives. What is it? Now, now, can I say this to you? Y'all ever been in a service and you really didn't feel like saying amen? Four of you. Y'all ever been in a service and you didn't feel like saying amen? You weren't backslid. You were just troubled on every side. Wasn't on your way to hell. You were just persecuted but not cast down. You were not defeated. You were just afflicted. Hallelujah. But then the word of God began to come forth and something rose up in you and said, "Amen." Amen. That's the truth. Preach it, preacher. Hallelujah. It's the truth. You know what that was? The prophet of God said the six sense was catching it. The six sense was catching it. He said, "And the Holy Spirit," Thank you, buddy, was standing side by side and the Holy Spirit was speaking and the six sense was saying, "Amen." Woo! Glory. So, it wasn't even you doing it in the first place. It was the sixth sense on the inside of you that was hearing the word of God. He said, "See, the spirit was speaking and the six sense was saying, "Amen. There it is." He said, "Something has to happen." Well, somebody ring the bells in the house of God on Sunday morning. This is not a see, taste, feel, smell, hearing. This is not a memory, reason, affection, conscience, imagination meeting. This is another sense meeting where the faith of God has returned into the church of the living God. We're not dictated by what we see. We don't praise because of the way we feel. We don't sing because of what we remember. We do it because there's something on the inside of us that's got to let loose. Come on, church. It was not rapturing feelings. It was not rapturing signs. It was not rapturing imagination. It was rapturing faith. Because this rapture will only be taken by something greater than you was born in. Remember, something has to happen. Well, I don't feel like going to the rapture. Six says too bad. Well, I can't see myself in the rapture. Six says too bad. The word already put you there. Woo. outer senses said it's hopeless. We're got no future. But the six sense comes down and says, "But I know I know, brother. I know my redeemer liveth. I know at the last days he will stand upon the earth. I know there's 4,000 years between me and that fulfillment. But I have a revelation and it's pulsating in my soul that God is more than able these stones to rise children unto Abraham. Yes sir. Remember what a vision is. It's a six sense. Look what Peter says. He says, "If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God. If any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth that God in all things." things. Somebody say all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ to whom be praise and dominion forever. See what's happening is we are partaking of the holy oracles of God. But Ram said this. He said Joshua took the oracles of God and he marched over into the promised land. He said now I want you to get built up now in this holy oracles of God in the faith of this hour. the faith. It's going to take more faith than ever was any age for this has to be rapturing faith to be taken up. Can I say this? Our vision is the oracles of God. It's the spiritual forecast. Can I say this very plainly? It's the message of the hour. It's the message of I got a really simple brother Daryl's known me since I was a fuzzy heady kid on the front row. He used to rub my hair. That's a story for another day, too. It's a real simple question. Okay. How do you have a weather forecast without a weather man? Simple question. How do you get a message without a messenger? [Applause] I'm a dumb Tennessee boy. Then how do you get a prophecy without a prophet? You don't get a weather forecast without a weatherman. And you don't get a message without a messenger. And you don't get a prophecy without a prophet. The Bible said the Lord God will do nothing but he revealth his secrets unto his servants the prophets. Brother Ram come along and said see what they had the people then they had understanding through the word of the Lord by the prophets. He said see the prophet is a special man. What he's doing is he climbs way up. He climbs way up and he starts looking at what he's seeing. And while he's seeing it, he starts saying it. Can I just say what he says? He's saying what he's looking at. It ain't here yet, but it sure will be. He climbs up in that realm and he looks way out into the future and he says, "Listen, I see a redeemer." And he comes back and he records it. And there's 4,000 years between the time he sees it and the time it arrives. But it don't change the fact it's going to happen. Brother said the prophet's only looking off and seeing something and he's talking about what he's looking at. He ain't thinking about it here. What you look like now. He's looking at what's going to be. And when he speaks that, if it's in the word of the Lord, it's already been spoken. And there's nothing in the world can stop it. You see that's right. Only God himself. Now that's a powerful point, church. Only God can stop this bride from taking a rapture. Only God can stop you from overcoming. But come on, church. If you're underneath the sick sense, not even God can stop you. I know what you're saying. You're saying, "Preacher, you're getting way out there." Remember the woman that Brother said, "Come to Jesus." And she said, "Would you heal my child?" And he said, "Listen, it ain't meat for me to give the bread to the dogs. Get on out of here, dogs. Get on out of here. It ain't custom for me to give bread to the dogs." You know what she did? She got down under the table and she said, "But even the dogs." But Daryl, even the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from the master's table. You know why? Because she had another sense. She had another sense and another sense is a revelation. And the revelation was, I've seen mama make bread before. And when she made a loaf of bread, she put flour, she put wheat, she put salt, she put sugar in there, and whatever is in the loaf is also in the crumb. If there's healing in the loaf, then there's healing in the crumb. If there's deliverance in the loaf, then there's deliverance in the crumb. I'm talking about a people who have received another sense through the preaching of the message of the hour. When you look at this word broadcast, brother said this message, he said it's going to be broadcast. Now, I find it very amazing. Amen. That forecast are usually broadcast in paper form as well as radio form. Yeah. Do you realize we got a spiritual forecast and it's come to us in book form and tape form? And brother said it's going to be broadcast to all. He said look at this word broadcast. I'm going to read a definition. It means transmit. I love this one, brother Matt. It means to scatter seeds. You already preached so I ain't going to preach it. It means to scatter seeds. It means to tell many. Now I love this part. though only a few will catch it. Another word for broadcast is so Matt read it Thursday night. He will plant the seed of the entire Bible. He said, "See, so the seed is just so." Now, let me say this. That's the reason I don't study Billy Graham. God bless Billy Graham. God bless Lord Roberts. But I don't study them guys cuz I don't have time to. I I felt that devil pushed back at me. It's a bad spot. I got a sword. I don't have time to study them men because that's not whose seed I'm under. I'm not under a denominational seed. I'm not under a Pentecostal seed. I'm under a word seed. If you want to stay in Leosa, if you want to keep living by the five senses, then keep bearing your head in Billy Graham's library and bearing your head in Oral Roberts and burying your head in J. But if you want to lift up your head, Amen. Get under the rain of the Holy Ghost that has the power, amen, to bring a life to that seed. Can I say this to you? This message is the calling out of the bride. Rebraham said, "See in my heart." Amen. Can I Can I just show you something here? Amen. Can I show you something? There's a way to differentiate between the three souls. Three sers and the three seeds. Not three souls. God, that'll be all over the world by morning. Three sers and three seeds. Don't leave this tent, Kenny. I love Brother Kitty. Billy Graham stood there and he said, "I know God is moving. I feel God is moving. He's moving all over the world." And God bless brother Billy. But let's bring it to Oral Roberts. He stood there and said, "I feel God is moving in this building. He's in here somewhere right now. He's moving in that the Pentecost anointing. He's moving in here somewhere right now." Hallelujah. Glory to God. Sh. a shout. Glory to God. He's moving. But now let's come to a prophet who stood there and he didn't say I feel he's moving all over the world and I feel he's moving in this building. But he stood there under the six sense and said I know he's not 3 ft from where I'm standing. Do you see what the difference was? It was the turning of a corner. It was the changing of the rhetoric. It was the change of the preaching. It was changing from there's something coming. There's something coming to saying there's something here. What you're looking for is not on its way. Praise God, brother Sean. Put your shouting shoes on. It is arrived. What you're looking for is here. He stood right there and said, "This is my ministry." To declare him, he's here. He stood right there and he cares. Do you care? 63. He said, "Now he's here. I know he's here." Listen what he says. My faith, not my feelings, not my sight, not my memory, not my education. My faith, my faith says he is here. See, there was a difference happening. We were moving from seeking signs. We were moving from seeking signs to recognizing signs. We were moving from a wicked and an adulterous generation. You want to be strong? Anybody want to be strong? Anybody want to be strong? I'm going tell you how you be strong. Okay. As much as you can. Amen. What a prophet said. You're only as strong as your adherence to the word of God. Now, the Bible said, "A wicked and adulterous generation." I'm feeling good this morning. It's Sunday morning and The Bible says, "A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign." Brother Brown preached it one time. He said, "A wicked is a weak and adulterous generation." It seeketh after a sign, but watch, "But there'll be no sign except that of the prophet Jonas." Do you realize Jeremiah said, "Be not dismayed at the signs of the heaven or the signs of the earth, at the signs of heaven. For the heathen are dismayed at them." Reb said, "Listen, the unbeliever is discouraged." He said, "The heathen is the unbeliever and dismayed means discouraged." Are you with me? He said, "The signs of heaven, it just makes an unbeliever pout and angry." When they see the signs of the heaven, it makes them pout and angry. Do you see the difference in the bride in the Pentecostal age? We don't use the rapture to scare you. [Applause] Ain't no message preacher running around preaching God's going to burn your barley fields. Aa All and all them guys done preached it till you couldn't preach it no more because they were trying to move you by fear into your position. But Joshua was not moving you by fear. He was moving you by revelation. He knew if fear put you in something else could scare you out. But if the revelation of Jesus Christ, which was prophesied from the book of Zechariah and fulfilled in First Peter, ever struck your heart, it would move you from a fearful condition into a position of faith and authority and sunship over every [Applause] devil. But to the believer, it's a vindication. The truth of God's word, it's coming signs. He said, "See, it's honey in the rock." Oh, glory to the believers. It's honey in the rock. I can't sing, but I wish I could right now. There's honey in the rock, my brother. I'm feeling good this morning. And a rock is a revelation. So for every repbate that says this message is dead and is cooling off, there's still honey in the rock. for every backsliding preacher that ain't got the guts to stand on a platform and say what a prophet said. But Darl, I got to feeling bad the other day and I got to thinking maybe my brother Elijah's spirit's coming out too much in me when I say things. And then I heard my big brother Elijah on tape. He said, "If you ain't going to tell the truth, then shut up and do something else." I said, "My God, there's my brother." Listen, if you ain't going to preach this message, then shut up and let God's people go, cuz there's a rapture to take. There's a body change to experience. There's devils to overcome. Listen, there's still honey in the rock. There's still power in this message, Brother Ronnie. Go preach it in Mexico. It'll still heal cancer. Go preach it, Brother Matt. It'll still deliver young people. Go preach in Africa, Brother Jonathan. And while you're preaching it, cancers will disappear because there's still honey in the sign of the coming of the Lord. The message of the hour is a sign. That's why we're not just looking for a first pull. We're not just looking for a second pull. We're not just looking for a good time. We're looking for a third pull. But Rem said when you see something happening on earth, he said then there is a true representation in the I'm sorry I just got relaxed this morning in the true representation in the spiritual realms of the other dimension. Now when did somebody go to Billy Graham or Roberts and say, "My child died. I'm not sure where they're at." Yeah. And him go search the regions of the lost. And come back and say they're not there. Well, brother Sean, if they weren't there, there's only one other place they could be. Oh, glory to God. What is it? We've gone beyond the horse and buggy. We've gone beyond the automobile. We've gone beyond the airplane. We've climbed up into the astronaut age, which is the message of the hour. Somebody say, "Why are you all preaching the message?" Because we see it. And if anybody sees anything, they want to talk about it. And if anywhere we ought to be able to talk about this message, ought to be in message [Applause] churches. I met that devil when I was a 16-year-old boy. Don't quote brother Ram in my pull pit. Well, I'm still here almost 30 years old and I'm still quoting Brother Brandham because there's honey in the rock. Hey, there's honey in this message. There's another sense in this message. I don't go by the way I feel. I don't go by the way preachers think this message ought to be preached. I have received another sense. And I say, God forgive us. And God forbid the day ever come that we reduce this message down to just some little idea on the shelf somewhere. [Applause] It's the Bible being fulfilled. It's the prophecy of Isaiah. Reson. It's here. It's happening right before you in the name of the Lord. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. The evening time message is here. Brother Daryl, what was in God's mind is now in God's church. How did it get in there? They have not all believed the gospel, but whom they were sent preached the report or they forecasted. Now I'm just going I'm just going to read this to you. Everybody okay? We're getting ready to experience some turbulence and rough air. So we are only transmitters that transmits the voice of God through our agency of men to the hearer. So listen, a vision is the same way. I know nothing to say to the church at this time concerning a vision. But if the Holy Spirit would show first me a vision, then I transmit that vision to the one that it's directed to. It's not a general vision, church. It's to It's Brother Ronnie. It's laser guided. See, it was not me. The vision was not me. I It was God gave the vision. And I acted as a transmitter. Listen, to bring forth the message of the vision to the people. So, we don't just have a vision, but there's a message behind the vision. I love what brother says. He said, "See, how can you, a drunkard a few weeks ago and a few months ago, be a gentleman today, a harlot a few weeks ago, and a lady this afternoon? By the transforming power of God being transmitted by the Holy Ghost into your heart, it changed your nature, it changed your making, it made you another person." I love this. But God is thankful and loyal anyhow to keep his people posted. God is thankful and he's loyal to keep his people posted. Can I say it? We ain't a bunch of dummies. It's Elijah coming out. So, let's quit burying our head in the sand and saying, "Well, we'll just go on as if nothing's happening." Are you crazy? Do you not see what's happening? Well, nothing's happening. Well, I'm sorry. I am what's happening. But Robson, you are what's happening. This bride is what's happening. We're looking for something to happen. Listen, the message of the hour has opened our eyes to what is happening. Listen, God keeps his people posted by the six sense. Can I say something to you? We're not dummies when it comes to the rapture. We're not looking for driverless cars on Interstate 85 and bodies floating through the airways and and buildings. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We have received a vision. But there was a message behind that vision. And he said, I want you to be posted to know what's to take place for the age we live in. See, can I ask you this question? How near are we? Come on, brother Daryl. Amen. How closer do we are today than the day you first preached your first sermon? Come on, church. Amen. Brother Jonah, you're just a young man, but how closer are we today than just a few years ago when you was born? I've not lost my subject, folks. How near are we? Reb said, "You don't know how near you are to home. I trust you'll put purpose in your heart and wrestle with the angel and not let him go till you're blessed. Brother, sister, I'm just a lump of clay. Don't you pay any attention to me, but you listen to what I'm saying. The coming of the Lord is drawing near. I don't know how near. No one knows. But I believe it's real close at hand. I see everything just to happening. I want to be ready. How near are we? Can I ask you another question? Then where are we at? If you're going from Oklahoma to Virginia, you got to pass through Missouri and you got to pass through uh through Tennessee for a long time and then you finally make it to Virginia. Listen, you don't just get in the Oklahoma and and get in the car by the window and guess your way out here. There's milepost. Can I have a little liberty here? There's milepost. Amen. And they're telling you 500 more miles, 300 more miles. What they're doing is they're showing you you're getting closer. They're answering questions. If you'll just open your eyes, but if you sleep in the time you get in the car, you're going to miss all the signpost. But if you want to catch it, you got to let that six sense. Amen. Begin to declare to you things that are showing. The coming of the Lord is at hand. Said, "Where we at? We're at the end time. The world has fallen apart. The rapture is upon us." Amen. Can I Amen. Amen. I can't I can't I cannot let this I cannot let this opportunity pass me to preach this this morning. Let's look at our spiritual forecast. 1954, I believe, one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Churches goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to feelings, according to education, according to standing in the Catholic church, according to prophecy. Brother Steve, I wish I had the I wish I had the guy that wears address his phone number right now that's going to be the next pope. I'd call him up and say, "Buddy, you ain't going because of how good you've been." If he's the one, he's going according to prophecy. They'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, church of God will be drove together. Listen what he said. He said there's a there's a book of Revelation. It's a prophetic book, right? Amen. There's symbols in that book. Amen. He said, "Look at Revelation 13:11 and 17." He said, "In there, there's things called beast." He said, "Now, there's a Greek word theion, which means a wild untamed beast." He said, "It's not like," Amen. the zoo or the living creature. He said, "It's a Theion." He said, "In other words, if you'll watch the 11th chapter, are you is this okay?" If you'll watch the 11th chapter, the beast of Rome, the 13th chapter, the United States, and the 17th chapter, both United States and Rome of the denominational churches, then why in God's name are we inviting that mess into our churches? I may not ever have another pull pit to preach in this morning, but you're going to hear the truth. That is a wicked beast. It is a wicked system. It has come up out of the pits of hell. And we ought to put our foot on the head of that beast. It don't belong in our churches. It don't belong around our young people. Well, we're just trying to fellowship. Brother Matt sung that song tonight. Amen. Amen. Can I borrow it? It's a small world after all. Y'all heard that? Heard him say that. It's a small road after all. Well, well, Matt, I didn't beat my head on the back of the bunks going through that. Me and Joe Adams was out in California and we took our families to Disney and we rode through that and and then Brother Ronnie, we went to sleep. So, I don't know what they sung, but I know when we got out, everybody's saying, "It's a small world after all." And he and he got to singing that about how they say they they so designed the world to make it small. And you know what a lot of preachers have done is they've so designed this message to make it just another denomination or just another little idea or just something that come along out of Kentucky or was hashed out of Arizona. And now they're all singing this song. We're all one after all. I mean, we're all one after all. Can I preach? Amen. I'll say this. I'm not one of them. I refuse to lay down this message and become one of them. God who is rich in mercy. When the world was falling apart, he came to this old job and he gave me another sense. And it was a super sense. It was a powerful sense. It was a positive sense. It was a revelation. Revelation 13:4. And they worship the dragon, which gave power in the beast. Let me let me back up. I'm I know it's getting late, but I'm going to preach. The denominational churches will consolidate with Catholicism and make them an unconverted Can I preach? When in God's name do we start taking our young people to denominational churches and blessing that mess and then coming to a pull pit and saying we're just all one. We don't want to preach no doctrine. I say get out of the pull pit pansy and get you a backbone. But doctrine of this message is the only thing that's keeping us from falling away in the great falling away. We don't need doctrine. Where did that lie come from? I'll tell you where it come from. It come from the pits of hell. But I'll put my foot on that lie this morning. If there's anything our young people need, it's the sound Holy Ghost teaching of the message of the hour. We need to preach it in our meetings. We need to preach it in our churches. We need to preach it in our homes. Let everywhere hear. God has sent a message and it's a revelation. And no, we're not one after all. We've been called out. We have been separated from [Applause] unbelief. Yeah. Go ahead and play with that system. Amen. Think, young people. Oh, God. Who you after this morning? I'm after the devil cuz I'm a little sick of the devil trying to water down my inheritance down there bobbed hair faces and married four and five times deacons and women wearing shorts and men wearing short and then go back to your pull pit and wonder why makeup's coming back in. You ain't got no standard to correct it [Applause] by when you lay this message down. I can show you one Elijah's coming out too strong right now. hold it back. I can tell you one of them big boys about 2 hours down the road and said he can make it without this message and look where he's at today. Amen. Ain't God but a handful of people. You know why? Because the message is different. This is not a Pentecostal message. This is not a return of 1906. This is a revelation of authority coming to sunships to position you as a Joshua generation living under another sense. And the day I get too big to say what a prophet said in the pullpit is the day I'll quit preaching cuz I do not believe I can say oh god it's the last day of the meeting. Why am I preaching like this? People say we don't quote quotes. I know why they don't want to quote quotes. It's cuz they think they can say it better than brother Brandham. Well sorry buddy you can't say it no better than he said. He can say more in a prayer than some guys can say in three hours because it was the oracles of God. It was grace. It was prophetic grace appearing to a prophetic class of [Applause] people and they worshiped the dragon which gave power in the beast and they worshiped the beast. Come on. This beast rose up and they started worshiping him and they started saying this. Who is like unto the beast? Brother Jonathan, who is able to make war with him? Brother B said, right now Rome's calling the tune. Yeah, that's right. That's why you're down there fellowship them little Baptists and Pentecostals and denominationals and we're all one. Well, Rome's singing your song. The pope is in the driver's seat, folks. Direct quote. And the power is only going to increase. Look what he said here. He said it's now somebody say, "Well, brother Andrew, you got to be real careful cuz you you'll get to beating on them people." Let me let me make this very plain and put it out there. I am not beating on people. I am beating a fire out of a spirit. But preach, why we're not a denomination and why I'm against organized religion. And you know what he said? He preached about six hours in both sermons put together. I can put those two sermons about 6 hours in one sense for you. Are you ready? It's not the people, it's the system. That's why there was a voice to call you out of it. Brother said they were baptizing in my name. He said they were worshiping me. He said I'm going to walk off the field. He said, "I'm not going to preach no more." And then he said something, brother Ronnie, that's brought me through so many dark trials and so many hurts and so many troubles. Here's what he said. He said, "It's a spirit on precious people. It's not the person, it's a spirit on precious people." Now, now I'll say this and I I don't have time to read it when you get home. Amen. Amen. I'm going to answer a question. We're going to go eat. God, we got to lighten it up here. Somebody drop the oxygen mask out and put the seat belts on. And flight attendant deacons, take your seat. No one can make war with this beast. No one could overcome him. Amen. Can I Can I show you where we're at? Can you give me that first picture? I've been looking for this picture for years. I was a I was a probably nineyear-old boy when I seen brother Ed Bisl preach down at brother Donny's one time. And some of y'all probably remember he put this picture up 2005. I've been looking for this picture for years and I finally found it the other day. And that right there is John Paul II's funeral in April of 2005. Okay. Do you see who's who's not standing there paying respects? George W. Bush, George H. Bush, Bill Clinton, world leaders are bowed down next to this beast. Is this okay, brother Sean? They're bowed down next to it. You know what they're saying? They're saying it's wonderful. I don't have time to read all the articles, but they're there. They're saying it's wonderful. This is, you know what they called it? They called it a real spiritual move when all these presidents and all these religious leaders, you know what Billy, you know what Billy Graham called this? Bless his heart, he called it glorious and wonderful that our presidents, Amen, could step there or bow beside that image. Can I say something to you? Catholicism, the beast of revelation. Can you give me that next picture? That's that's in 2023 when Pope Benedict the 16th died. Amen. Right there. Amen. Probably somebody was trying to take his place. Now, am I seeing that right, Brother Kenny? Kissing that man's ring. Well, Brother Andrew, you wouldn't hear this in a Baptist church. You're right. Cuz we're not Baptist. We're original seed. [Applause] kissing a dead corpse's ring. Can you give me the next picture? Just a few days ago, Pope Francis dies and there's all the I'm sorry. There's all the rest of them bowing. They're not walking by and just looking at him. They're bowing down and worshiping. Can you give me the next picture? Even big bad Trump standing there. because it's a power that you cannot resist unless God sends a message. It's a force that'll take over everything. Unless God sends a message. What are you saying? I'm saying right there. Amen. Right there. Just a few days ago, they interviewed Trump on an airplane. He said, "I'm a busy man running the world, making negotiations and doing all kind of deals." He said, "But I've got to go." He said, "I just got to go over there." When Pope John Paul II died, there was a man standing and he said in who's in position in the airport, he would stand there and he said these words, "When I heard the Pope died, some of these worshippers that come out of this mess are shouting with me while some of them critical religious spirits are sitting on me. It's a bad spot to sit." He said, "I had to drop everything I was doing and I had to go." You know why? Because mama's calling. Mama's calling. She's wanting them all to come home. She's wanting them all to come home. But can I tell you how near we are? Can I tell you where we're at? Give me that next picture. Just the other day, the cardinal could be the first superpower pope from the US. Now, I couldn't preach this in a denominational church cuz it's discouraged them. But I can preach it to you all and you all shout hallelujah. You know why? Because while mama's calling her babies home, while mama's calling her daughters home, while mama's swallowed up politics and swallowing up the economy and swallowed up nations and swallowed up religion, I heard a voice from the seventh angel. And he said, "If I lift up Christ," Hallelujah. My mama ain't My mama ain't in Rome. My daddy Who's your daddy, Matt? Who's your daddy? Preached it years ago. Who's your daddy? My daddy is the word. My daddy is the word. And you know what he's doing? He's drawing me home while they're dropping things and they got to go to Rome to worship a corpse. Can I knock one more devil out? Can I knock one more devil out? Mom's calling and they got to go. The forecast said they got to go. the forecast said I got to drop what I'm doing and I got to go pay respects now. Now people that's in that horrid Rick wicked system. Can you can you go back and go through them pictures for me? The one before that. You see that? Ain't nobody got a problem with that. Give me the next one. Ain't nobody got a problem with that. Give me the next one. It's wonderful, brother Sean. Ain't nobody got a problem with that. Can you give me that last one? [Applause] But everybody got a problem with that one. You know why? You know why? Because I got the quote right here. He said, "They're worshiping a corpse." He said, "But we're not here, Amen, worshiping a corpse. We're not here honoring a corpse. We're hailing a conqueror. Woo! Glory. Somebody give me some shout room in the house of God. I ain't bound by the pope. I ain't kissing his ring. I ain't worshiping him. I ain't going to call him holy and spiritual. But I have seen the resurrection of the God of Abraham return in my generation. That's not a corpse above his head. It's a conqueror. He's already whipped cancer. He's already whipped homosexuality. He's already whipped denomination. He's whipped politics. He's whipped education. He's whipped depression. He's whipped nervousness. And he's right here. And he's going to whip that devil out of your way. And that bit of fire is going to put you in the changing of your [Applause] body. Hallelujah. Somebody shout aloud in the house of God. We got a message. We got a message. [Applause] Josh, we didn't miss it. We didn't miss it. [Applause] Brother Wendle, come stand right there where you about where you were standing last night. There by that right there. That's good. Brother Jonah, come here and stand right in front of brother window like you're going through a prayer line. Y'all forgive me. Last night if I and I checked out for a minute in prayer line, I was praising God. I'm just grip my heart, brother Diego. This man of God's just labored for an hour and a half piling scripture upon quote about the grace of God and what God can do and how there's a destroying angel in the land and how it's destroying everything. that there's a mighty angel and it's descended and beautiful masterpiece. Poured his heart out to preach it and a young man come up for prayer and I don't know what he wanted. Brother Windle, he was praying for him and talking to him and he was just standing there looking ahead and then brother Windle said these words. He said, "He don't understand me. He don't understand me." And it dawned on me there was a language barrier. Brother Wendle, you were pouring your heart out, but he didn't understand you. It was a moment, Brother Diego. It was a moment and something spoke to my heart. And I grabbed Brother Diego and I said, "I interpret." And he walked right up there and he got in front of him and he started saying what was happening. And all of a sudden, Brother Jonathan, I watched the effect of understanding come upon him. You say, "Preacher, why did that move you so much?" because I was that boy and window was my Bible. No, you know what I'm saying? And I was reading it and I was reading about these beasts and I was reading about all these things. I was reading about the seals and I was reading about baptism and serpency. I was reading all these things, brother Sean, and nothing was moving me. Not because I didn't believe it. I couldn't understand it. But God, who is rich in mercy, went and got me an interpreter. He went and got me a prophet. He went and got me a prophet and he led him to where I was and I be to read my Bible and he be to break it down. Thank you. He be to tell me you was in the mind of God from before the foundation of the world. He be to tell me that he loved me. He began to tell me that he was for me. He be to reveal to me that I had a future. And he went over in the book of Revelation and he said, "You're not just a piece of Tennessee country boy dirt. You're a prophetic young man." But then he led me to the book of Peter and he said there's a prophetic grace and here I am today. You know why I'm shouting? You know why I'll die? Probably I will not lay down. I'll die for this message. You know why? Because I didn't understand it. But God rich in mercy, give me a prophet who introduced me to another sense. And I can shout today cuz I ain't going to Rome. I'm going to the meeting in the air. I can shout today cuz I ain't going to go kiss a dead man's ring. I'm going to go kiss my Lord who's alive and he's well. I'm not [Applause] I'm not shout I'm not crying and pouting today because the world's falling apart. I'm shouting because I seen a new [Applause] Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven. You say, "Preacher, you're pretty bold on this." I am very bolder. I stand by that picture. I've taken beatings for that picture. I've been criticized for that picture, but I'll never quit preaching it because Billy Graham bowed bowed right down there. Whether he went physically or not, he said that w that that beast system was wonderful. Pentecostal leaders stood there. Pentecostal leaders stood there. Pentecostal leaders, yes, sir, stood there and said, "This is spiritual. It's glory. It's uniting. Yes, sir. You know why the devil hates that picture? Cuz there was one guy he couldn't get over there. [Applause] He got the rest of them, brother Daryl. But there was one he couldn't get. You know why? Because he had a forecast. He had a vision. You know why? I was a part of it. I will never bow and worship that. You know what he said? He said, "I was on my way down there. I had an interview with the pope. He said, "I was going to go in there." They said, "Take your hat off, whatever." He said, "But then they said to me, Brother Tim," they said, "When you walk in there," they said, "bow down and kiss his ring." He said, "Oh, deals off. Oh, deals off." He said, "No, I won't do that." He said, "Because that's worship." And he said, "The only one that deserves worship is the Lord Jesus Christ." He said, "I'll give him respect, but I'll not give him worship." You know why? Because the Bible said they're dead while yet living. He was not going in there underneath a living conqueror and kissing a dead corpse's ring. I'm going to say this and I'm done. He said deals off the table and he come there in 1963 and he opened the second seal and he read the mark of the beast and he talked about the seal of God and he said here's what the devil hates is the whole world will bow and will worship that man. We'll follow that beast. Except Woo. Except Except those who've got another sense. Except those who's heard from their theophony. Except those that have changed and mentions by the preaching of the gospel. Can I say this? Come on, musicians. Except those whose names are recorded in the Lamb's Book of Life, they will never fall down to the beast. They'll worship the lamb of God. And the lamb of God is not William Brandham. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Stand on your feet and hail a conqueror. Praise the living God. Praise the power of God. Thank him for the grace of God. The whole world wondered The whole world wondered after this beast. They all bowed down and they all said, "This is wonderful. This is spiritual. I ain't got time to preach another sermon, but I sure want to. I really do." Sister Faith, I want to stop right now, Brother Joe, and preach a sermon on little David. You know why? Cuz little David was between the Catholic Church and the Protestant church. He was between Saul's army and the Philistines and they were encroaching on him and they were trying to destroy him. Brother said he was a man without a nation. Kind of like us. He was a man without a nation. Who said y'all could have that tent meeting? [Music] God did. Brother Ronnie, God did man without a nation. Now, you know what they said? They said, "You're a rebellious child." You know what brother said? He said, "Problem was the anointing was already on David." Oh, that's why the devil hates you, brothers. You men of God preaching this message. Yeah. Cuz he wouldn't bow. He said, "The sword's in your hand." Amen. I realize it. I realize I realize that people, precious people, precious people, bound by denominational feelings and religions and traditions. But can I leave you with this? The word interpretation means loosening. You know that when something is interpreted, it's loosed. Y'all Y'all remember them days you was tied up? Remember those days you was tied up? Now, I I'll say this. I've got the quoted scriptures on all those pictures. If you want them, I can give them to you. I didn't have time to read them. I just want to clarify that I'm not just making these things up. They're in the message. But can I say something to you? You were like that little donkey tied up. I think uh Brother Daniel Landes, I think you told that years ago, that little donkey tied up. One day they untied him and he rode into town. And when he rode into town, they were screaming, "Hosana! Hosanna! Hallelujah! Hosanna!" He said, "Then the next day that little donkey was over there and he was kind of discouraged." And they asked him, they said, "Why are you so discouraged?" He said, "Well, yesterday," he said, "I was riding through town. Everybody was saying, "Hosana, hosana, hosana." He said, "Today." And they're just looking at me. It's like I don't even exist. And that other donkey spoke up. You know what he said? He said, "Oh, it's cuz yesterday the anointed word was on you. [Music] Yesterday prophecy fulfilled was on you. Yesterday manifested word was upon you. When you lay this message aside, it's over, [Music] folks. It's over. You have no standards to judge anything by. You have no vision to preach to the people. You have no ability to withstand spirits. But I wonder on the final service, brother Sean, I thank you for this opportunity to stand here and preach this today. And in my heart told the Lord in prayer, if I don't do anything, I'm going to do this. I'm going to put a strong plug in for this message. Get behind it. Get out of this wicked system. Witness to him. You really want to witness to him, hand them a book. Well, I'm trying to help him. You ain't helping them by eating at the same table of omit with them. Hand them some truth. Tell them God sent a prophet. Tell them God has revealed the book of Revelation and [Music] symbols. Young men, you want to do something for God? Go tell somebody God sent a message. Be the greatest thing you ever told them. How many can raise your hands today and say, "Lord, thank you. Thank you for this vision. Thank you for this forecast. If it wasn't for this vision, if it wasn't for this forecast, I want you right now, I'm going to prove something by the power of the Holy Spirit. Right now, not me, the word. I want everybody to put your hands down. Every person in here that's been delivered from that Roman Catholicism spirit, I want you to raise your hands very high that come out of the Roman Catholic Church. You come out of the Roman Catholic Church. Can you raise your hands high for me? You come out of the Roman Catholic Church. There's God bless you, sis. Our brother there, brother Diego, his dad, his brother. Brother Diego is what I said the truth about that. You experienced that spirit. No power to withstand it. And you'll tell everybody, too. If it wasn't for this message, you'd be right there. Brother, you couldn't dance. You say, "Ain't nobody shouting." I ain't trying to get you to shout right now. I'm trying to get you to see God sent a message. You wouldn't be dancing like you were all weekend under that nonsense. But under that living power right there, under the pillar of fire, he can heal your foot and you can dance all over that thing. Now, how many was delivered from denominations? Same thing. Same thing. Different title. Same thing. Now, how many is going to see daddy? Almighty God, we bow our hearts in your presence this morning. Father, we don't know if this will be the next pope of America or not. We're not standing here saying it is. But Lord, I have read enough books and listened to enough tapes to know your prophet has told us they're milepost. And Lord, when things take place, it's not time to act ignorant. It's not time to back up on our convictions to preach these things. Now, Father, I realize the world we're living in is swallowed up by this beast. Lord, time would fail every one of us, men of God, to stand here and each one of us take a sermon breaking these things down. Lord, we can never cover it all. It's a wicked. It's a It's a beast. It's a spirit. It's a It's a bondage. It's a It's a prison. But Lord, I'm so thankful. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful to be called out under this message. Lord, I'm so thankful for prophetic communication. Lord, I'm so thankful for oracles of God that I can feed upon. Lord, I'm so thankful I can stand here this morning by the grace of God and tell these people good news. Lord, not bad news. Lord, good news. Father, the world's falling apart, but the bride's going up. Now, Lord, I pray this morning, Father, from the very first night you spoke through our men of your man of God, our brother Daryl, through waring and following it up, Lord, through the healer and the believer, the Pharisee, follow it up through the power of God. the next morning on the on the word of his power and last night on the capstone in grace. Father, to stand here this morning and to say to these people, you got a future and it's not in a Roman Catholic system. It's not in a confederation of churches, stay underneath the voice of the seventh angel. Study what a prophet said to admonish the men of God to preach it like never before. Father to encourage the families and homes to make a stand. Lord, the whole world is bowing and giving into it. But Lord, I thank you for my prophet. Lord, I don't worship him, but I thank you for him. I thank you for the grace and the strength of the headstone that you prophesied would flow through the body. It flew it. It flowed through him one day and he said, "I'm not going over there and kissing his ring. I'm not going over there and bowing down. I've got to stand against that because I got to tell people they're not going to do it either, Lord. Now, Father, I pray a blessing upon this people. Lord, if there's been a denominational spirit influence creep in a home or life here, God, you know my heart. I'm not after anyone. I'm after a spirit this morning that will try to dilute this word in this message and reduce it down to just Brother Brandham's quotes or just a bunch of preachers. Father, it's the sword of the spirit to withstand the most powerful force of wickedness on the earth. Father, strengthen your children. Strengthen them this morning. Strengthen our young people, Lord. Father, if the convictions are fallen, Lord, may the may the may the scream of the eagle come in their heart this morning and shock them, Lord, to realize it's not just a sermon, it's prophecy, and they're in it. May the standard be raised that when the enemy comes in like a flood, God will raise up a standard against you. Lord, I thank you for this meeting. I thank you for Brother Sean. I thank you for this assembly. Lord, I thank you for every man of God that stood here in labor this week. Father, I pray that every believer that gets in their cars today and makes their journey home, I pray, Lord, they come under one sense, but Lord, I pray they leave here under another sense. I pray they leave here so in love with this message. I pray Lord these men of God have so so wet their appetite by these quotes and scriptures that they can't wait to get home and feed on the holy oracles of God to feed that super sense they're leaving under Lord. Father I pray for the assembly here that's poured out and poured out and poured out and poured out for these meetings. Father I pray today Lord you open the windows of heaven and pour a blessing out upon them. Now Lord you know my heart. I didn't deliver these things to be prejudice or to be hard. But Lord, your prophet said, "Deliver the holy oracles of God, not overbearing, but in wisdom." Lord, manifest yourself. Bless your children. And Father, may they lift this these this picture of your pillar of fire back up. Lord, if the enemy's come in and put a damper in their heart about it and they've removed it from their homes or maybe questioning it because someone's told them it's idolatry. Lord, when I look at those pictures of men bound by a corpse, I could care less what they got to say about me looking at the living pillar of fire that was photographed in my generation. I thank you, Father, and I love you with all my heart. And I love your people. Now, may God you bless them richly in Jesus name I pray. May revelation come upon revelation in Jesus name I pray. Amen and amen. Brother Sean, would you come? I love you this morning with the love of the Lord. God bless you. God bless you. This message is the truth. It's the truth. And I'll see you at the house. It's the truth. We're going home on it. We're going to ride out of here. here. One of these mornings, if I never see you down here again, we'll see you over there, brother. The window will shout down the streets of gold. We'll talk about the battles we fought together and we overcome. Going home, Brother Tim. Hallelujah. Brother Ronnie, I'll see you at the house. We're going to go home one day, buddy. And we're going to shout and we're going to enjoy these things. It's real and it's the truth. God bless you. [Music] We bow down and lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. You cry holy holy holy. Can you lift your hands and just worship him? Oh, worshiping a living God. I'm holy, holy, holy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, some morning between 6 and 9 be a change go through my body. Are you looking forward to a church? Here that's gray will be black again when this change is through my body. And we'll cry holy, holy, holy. We'll cry holy, holy, holy. We'll cry holy, holy, holy is. [Music] Well, we're just so blessed, aren't we? What a message that we have received in this age. And men of God uh proclaiming the message because they've gotten the revelation of what God has said in this hour. Amen. And there's a people that is catching that same revelation as it's being preached to them. Something is changing. Something is happening. Can't explain it, but it is supernatural. Amen. And we're realizing we're part of that vision. Oh, do you love him? Did you enjoy it today? Bless the name of the [Music] Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. Let's sing. We shall be changed. There's that little chorus. We shall be changed. Amen. Oh, we we shall be changed. We shall be [Applause] changed. Changed from immortal to immortality in a twinkling God. Oh yes, we going to be changed. We shall be changed. changed from immortal to immortality. Well, can you turn around, shake somebody's hand? Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, we were going home. Changed from immortal to immortality in a twinkling. Hallelujah. I know we going to be changed. We shall be changed. Changed from immortal to immortality in a twinkling. No more mind battles. No more sickness. No more death. No more tears. Hallelujah. We shall be changed. changed from immortal immortality in a twinkling one more time. I know we shall be changed. We shall be changed. Changed from immortal immortality in a twinkling. Here's that other one. We are going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Going to be a meeting in the air in that suite. Are you looking forward to it? I'm going to meet you. Meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at that Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, sing it now. There is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there at my home on the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the sing the last lines. And God's own son, he will be the leading one at the meeting in the air. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] They guessing it's going to be. We know it. We know it. We know it. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. It's hard to believe we're at the end of the meeting. Amen. Always goes by so fast, but I tell you what, we're taking something eternal home with us. Amen. I hope you've been elevated up higher. Amen. I pray that there's a yearning in your heart when you leave to get more into them tapes. Give more to listen to what a prophet said. Find it more agreeable in your heart to say amen to every word. You may not believe everything or or understand everything that brother Brandham taught, but you can say amen to it. It's real. It's truth. Can you say amen? Amen. And I'm thinking of Hattie right when she said that's nothing but the truth. She got what she needed. Amen. And there's a bride that's saying that's nothing but the truth. Amen. And she's getting what she needs. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. Well, we u we uh um got um uh food reserved there cooked uh for everyone. And u um and so you're welcome to uh stay here and uh be sure to eat before you go. And I just want to just thank everyone of you for coming and being part of the the meeting. And uh thank um uh the pastors uh for supporting. I thank uh the evangelists, you evangelists uh that have come and and supported the meeting as well. And uh pulling on the gift that these brothers had and or have and and we certainly appreciate that. Want to just a special thanks to brother Mark. Amen. And his wife and and church. Uh, Brother Mark pastors a church just right down the road uh about 10 minutes I guess from here or 15 minutes and and he's just been a uh a real friend to me and um it's good uh when you can have fellowship u and uh around the word of God and he believes the way we believe it, sees it the way we see it and and uh we certainly love him and appreciate him and his assembly and uh just pray that God just richly blesses them. He told me he said I want to uh you know when you set this tent up I want to be part of that and uh he has come and he's helped us uh set the tent helped us uh get all them chairs right there and and uh load them from the conx put them here and we were wore out but it was it was a good time of fellowship. I knew when brother Mark was wore out, he quit talking. And I thought, we're wearing him out. He's the life of the party. Amen. He had us rolling. Amen. But after a while, he got quiet. Like, uh-oh. Mark, you okay? Yeah. Yeah. Working, you know. And and uh uh brother uh Michael helped us with the chairs as well. Well, God bless you and appreciate uh just uh everyone. I appreciate brother Tim and and Sister Faith uh coming and helping us out with the music. Brother Kobe helping us out with the singing. And um Brother Diego and his brother helping us out with the interpreting. Brother Nathaniel helping us out in the sound booth. And Amen. And I uh I brother Zachary and and uh brother Caleb helping us with the ushering, brother Matt and uh just so so many. We couldn't have done it without you all. And the brothers and sisters from Tennessee and and North Carolina and uh wanting to help out in the kitchen. We've even got a brother from Canada that has come and they have put him to washing dishes. Oh, there you are right there. But I I promise you they probably been putting you to wash some dishes, hadn't they? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you won their hearts last year. And uh uh but we appreciate you uh brother Nathan driving all or flying this time uh from Canada. And you know, God's got people that just want to be a part of what he's doing and what God is doing. And we certainly appreciate that. I appreciate all just those that have traveled far and near to come uh to be a part of the service and meeting. And um before I let you go, uh for the young people, we do we have a gym and it's it's we've we've not rented this before, but it's uh it's uh uh a full court basketball. You can be seated for just a moment. I'm sorry. Um, I get nervous when I get up here and but uh uh we do have a a a gym uh rented for you all. Uh it's I think it's a full basketball court uh volleyball uh and it's from 4 to 10:00 this evening. And so if you want to do that, uh there is the uh address. Uh it's uh it's not far from here at the tent, but if you want to take a picture of the the address or you want to ask uh Judah back there and an and Branson and um um uh they'll they'll help you to get there. And so uh we u sure you'll have a wonderful time. Amen. And um so uh we'll be having again if we're still here I you know that makes you really wonder if we will but if we are we will have our meetings again the Lord willing uh and it's always the last Wednesday of April and so uh just keep that in mind and the last Wednesday of April and uh we'd love to have you uh back and worship with us. Uh, one more thing, and that is if I could get uh maybe uh you young brethren uh when we dismiss uh to stack these chairs up, that would be great. Um um it would be a good way to impress some sister and uh uh they asked me to stack it 10 high. So if you can stack the chairs 10 high uh we would really appreciate that. I I know y'all help us every year to do that and and uh it just makes it go much easier loading and stuff later on. So, uh let's stand to our feet. Amen. And we love you. And uh again, appreciate all you ministers for uh preaching uh this week. And I pray that God just blesses you abundantly in your ministries and your families. And uh may you all just have a safe trip back home. Amen. So uh let's just sing this song if if as we get ready to dismiss. I'll I I'll see you in the rapture. Go ahead. See you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. [Music] I'll see you at the meeting in the air. Oh, and with our blessed savior, we're going to live and reign. Brother Matthew, could you come and dismiss us in prayer? See you in the rapture. Sing it again. Oh yes. I'll see you in the [Music] rapture. See you in the rapture. See you at that meeting in the air. [Music] If our blessed Savior will live and reign forever, I'll see you in the [Music] rapture. Amen. Let's just go before the Lord. Lord Jesus, our hearts are just overflowing with your grace and your love and your mercy that you've shown unto us this weekend and this week, Lord, time and time again, just speaking to our hearts, Lord. And Lord, we just want to tell you thank you. Thank you for the faith deposit into our hearts that we could believe the word that we've heard. And Lord, you wrote our name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. that Lord, no matter what the trials and situations we go through and maybe the discouragement comes, Lord, but we've we've heard a word, Lord, that we know we can't miss it, Lord, that one of these glorious mornings, Lord, we're going to be transformed in a twinkling of an eye to be together with you for eternity. And Lord, until that time, may you go with each one of these believers that have gathered together back to their homes and their churches. Lord, may they just continue to feed on this word and continue to grow day by day until that catching away. Lord, we just ask that you would just restore back abundantly to these men of God who poured out their hearts over this week, Lord, who labored for your kingdom and and Lord, uh people don't know the sacrifice and and and and how they labor just to find your mind and even, Lord, how you bring them through trials and situations, Lord, throughout lives and years just to bring one sermon that could be a blessing to somebody, Lord. So, we pray that you just be their portion, Lord. Lord, we ask your blessings upon the food and Lord, our time of fellowship. Go with each one now. We pray, Father. Also, we just ask a special blessing upon Brother Shawn and his family and Faith Tabernacle for all that they've done. Lord, we know that their reward is in heaven. We thank you for him and ask these blessings in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. Then you go and live here. Our blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Oh, I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the [Music] rapture. I'll see you in the meeting in the [Music] air with our blessed savior will live and reign forever. to see you in the rapture some sweet [Music] day. Oh, I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the end. [Music] And with our blessed Savior, we'll live and reign forever. I'll see you at that rapture some sweet day. [Music] [Music] [Applause]
