################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-18 - Brother Josiah McLearn The God of Our Fathers - Josiah McLearn.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-18
Title:    Brother Josiah McLearn "The God of Our Fathers"
Speaker:  Josiah McLearn
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGQdpm3kUl4
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message Of The Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Okay. [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And it's because he lives we can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All my fear is gone because I know yes I know he's holding my future and my life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's just welcome the Lord tonight to the service. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you, Lord God, for watching over us today. Lord, the last several days since we've been in service. Oh God, you've been so good, Lord. You kept us safe on highways, Lord, while we're working, while we're sleeping. Lord, we thank you, Father God. Lord, only eternity will reveal the many times that you kept us safe, Lord, while we slept, Lord, or while the enemy tried to creep up on us and you put us shelter. Your angels were watching over us, God. We thank you for that. We thank you for our help. We thank you for recovery from sickness, Lord. Many is sitting here tonight, Lord. We've all been sick. We've all recovered. We've got a lot to praise you for. We thank you for it. May you have your way in this service tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing it again. It's because he lives I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All my fears are gone because I know yes I know he's holding my future [Music] and my life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's sing it once again. Let's raise our hands as we sing it. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow. [Music] Because he lives, [Music] all my fears are gone because I know. Yes, I know. He's holding my future [Music] and my life is worth the living just because he lives. Oh, hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh hail King Jesus. [Music] Oh hail Imanuel. He's king of kings. Lord of lords. Bright morning star. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with thee. All hail King Jesus. [Music] All hail Emmanuel, [Music] King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning starr. And through out eternity deep I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to have our brother with us tonight. Brother, I'm sorry I don't You told me your name, John. Good to have brother John. How many appreciates Brother John here tonight? Here he is on a Wednesday night, a student at Virginia Tech. He's here at church Wednesday night. I think that's awesome. Brother John, it's good to have you with us tonight again. And let's pray for all of our brothers and sisters. I think there's probably some more over there that are believers that are attending Virginia Tech. You know, I think they've got the largest student body that they've ever had this year. Somebody was telling me it's like 39,000 and they're pushing for 50,000. I don't know where they're going to put them all, but till another year rolls around, but that's why the housing is getting so tight. And we need to pray because the roads have become more busier, of course, and all of that. Amen. But God is good all the time. Praise the Lord. Let's sing that song. And he paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owe a debt. Could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. [Music] And now I sing a brand new song of amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. [Music] He paid out debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus [Music] did all my sins erased. [Music] I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt. that I could never pay. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. On it be glory to see him on that day. I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt. that I could never pay. Verse one again. He paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owe a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. [Music] And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Aren't you glad for that? Praise the Lord. He certainly did pay the debt. He paid the whole debt. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. Amen. I'm just going to ask that the ushers if they come at this time and we'll receive our evening tithes and offerings. Brother Bill, would you ask God's blessing over the offering, brother? &gt;&gt; Yes, brother Bill. Amen. Do we can we sing that God is good all the time? He puts a song of praise in my soul. Do we have that one? God is good all the time, but a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Let's just sing the chorus. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Through the time, through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Let's try a verse. [Music] If you're walking through the valleyies and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. [Music] We were sinners, so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. Fill us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. [Music] Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, there's some of us that's standing here tonight and some that couldn't be here tonight because of illness. But if it wasn't for the grace of God and God's goodness, we'd have probably buried them their bodies a long time ago &gt;&gt; because the devil would have tooken their life. But because the power of God, the blood, we should not take those things for granted. even our own health. You know, I think of Sister Alice, you know, the second liver transplant, &gt;&gt; I mean, the statistics if you know, if you really know what the statistics are on that first first liver transplant, but the second, my she is just a it's just astounding. It's the hand of God and we praise the Lord for that. Many of you can also testify, Sister Jane, you know how the Lord just touched you recently. Isn't he so good? Amen. &gt;&gt; We got so much to thank him for. Amen. I think with that, we're going to go to the prayer requests. Brother John, would you feel able to pray over the request tonight? If you don't mind, you can prepare for that. Um, I got first of all, we got quite a list here. Some are a great many is for healing. Just remember Sister Kimberly, I'm sure you put a request in here, but you uh Sister Alice, I'm sure could use her. It's for Sister Anne. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, I got you. I'll read it here in a minute. Uh but we want to remember Sister Alice anyway. Uh let's remember Sister Janice. Uh she's not feeling well tonight. Uh let me see here. I want to make sure that I get Let's remember our little uh brother brother Shamai and his wife and their son. Amen. I'm sure they can use prayer. Uh there wasn't anything put in on them, but let's also remember our pastor as they'll be traveling uh probably tomorrow or something. I don't really know. But uh and then outside of that, uh let's remember brother David Farmer. uh been in touch with Sister Netti and she says that uh he's got some sort of blood blood condition and we want to continue to pray. You know, he was uh examined by a blood special uh blood specialist doctor and there was some issues there. So, let's remember him in prayer. Also, I failed to mention Sunday, and I really apologize that I didn't get that request out there to you, but there is a sister that attends Brother David Farmers that because of a diabetic uh infection, uh she had to have her uh I believe it's her right leg removed below the kneecap. It had to be amputated. Yeah, she had a severe infection. She's only 36 years old and uh she's also got a just uh I guess just a months several months old daughter if I remember correctly. And so we want to remember her in prayer. I should have mentioned again. I should have mentioned that Sunday. Uh she's been moved from the hospital over here at Radford up to the uh rehab clinic there at Marian close to where she lives. So, if you would remember her in prayer, she can use some encouragement. I'll tell you, if I've got her phone number, if any of you would desire, if you could just as much as call her or text her, uh even if you don't know her, I think she'd appreciate it. We went over to see her twice and she really appreciated having visitors. Uh she was kind of feeling feeling pain and so forth from that surgery. So, anyway, we want to remember that. And then also brother Terry's request here a friend of mine her daughter about 20 was having her tonsils removed and while in surgery her heart rate dropped to 20 took her straight to ICU in Rono and then airlifted her to Duke with fluid in her lungs. Please pray for her. So, uh, want to remember this, uh, friend, brother Terry's, her daughter, only 20 years old and complications have set in. Some pretty serious stuff. So, let's pray for that request. And then, Sister Anne put this in. Please pray for my coworker. She is 37 weeks pregnant and has just been informed that the baby doesn't have her lungs, kidneys, and gallbladder. Wow. The doctor has told her that the baby will die soon after birth. Beth is in her early 30s and hasn't been able to have children due to several miscarriages. This is the first baby she has been able to carry full term. This is uh Sister Anne's coworker. Now, God created a hip in Sister Anne. Is that right, Sister Anne? Praise the Lord. This ba this baby this woman's been trying to have babies. You think of it, people are throwing them away like trash, abortion and all that. This woman's been trying to have a baby. Here she has a baby coming to full term and a doctor gives her that report. Well, now that's what the doctor knows and says, but we've got another report. We believe in a God that can create organs and put them in that body that'll defy all things. I just heard something the other day that doctors are rethinking what they think about the brain. That may sound like a strange statement, but they said, "Not all of your thinking is done by your brain." Wow. Isn't that what the prophet said? A man thinkketh in his heart. But anyway, let's pray over these requests. many physical needs and I know many of you may have other needs that are not mentioned tonight. Let's remember Josiah as he's coming to speak for us. Amen. And amen. God bless you uh each and every one. Brother John, would you pray over these requests? Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we thank you for giving us the opportunity to be in your house tonight. We thank you for giving us granting us safety on the roads and we thank you for giving us all the testimonies, giving us opportunity to praise you for them. I want to bring these uh requests before you the brother Terry's friend's daughter and I pray that you would heal her and I pray that you would help sister Anne's sister Ann's coworker who's trying to have a kid. I pray that you would help that child and heal her. I pray that you would help all the others who were mentioned who are having struggles with their health. you know about the testimonies that you've brought and we know you can do it again. I pray that you would continue to give us more testimonies. I pray that you would bless this service, Lord. I pray that you would bless the songs that we sing. I would pray that they would make a beautiful sound in your ear. And I pray that you would bless the preaching that we're going to hear tonight. Pray that you would speak to us. And I pray we would go home different. Lord Jesus name, I say, amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother John. I really appreciate that. We appreciate it. Amen. Let's sing that song as you're seated. I got so much to thank him for. Brother Terry, I'm going to ask you to get ready to come and sing your song. Amen. I've got so much to thank him for. So much [Music] to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and where [Music] he brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. Oh, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. [Music] And I think of what he's done and where he brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] We certainly do have so much to thank him for. I would uh brother Kevin I just always love to hear brother Raymond sing this song so can't sing it as good as he but it's it's a worshipful song worshipful song to me and we're all in a journey but we're looking forward to that time when this journey is over and when we come to the end of this journey what's going to be waiting on us the key of D oh when I come to the end of my journey And no more I walk the roads I used to trudge. Oh I know the joys that wake me up in heaven. Oh resting in the arms of a never failing God. Well I'll be resting where the storm clouds never gather. Where hearts are never broken. There be no tear dimmed eyes. And I'll be drinking from the streams of living waters. Oh, resting in the arms of a never failing God. There'll be no sorrow in that sweet forever. And I'll see the many loved ones who have gone. Oh, a million years will seem as just a moment. or resting in the arms of a never failing God. Well, I'll be resting where the storm clouds never gather where hearts are never broken. There be no tear damned eyes. And I'll be drinking from the streams of living waters or resting in the arms of an everfailing God. Well, I'll be resting where the storm clouds never gather. Where storms broken, there'll be no tear damn dies. And I'll be drinking from the streams of living waters. Oh, resting in the arms of our never failing God. [Music] Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The message in that song is very, very good. I appreciate that song tonight. Amen. Praise God. He's wonderful. Is he not? Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. I uh wanted to mention how many appreciated brother Richie Douglas on Sunday. &gt;&gt; Uh I certainly uh certainly got a lot gleaned a lot from things he had to say and I had my pen out and was writing a lot of stuff down. Amen. But that's wonderful. Amen. No matter who is speaking, you know, God can delve us out. He always hand God gives us out pretty goodized portions when you think so. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. Let's uh uh sing that song, I think, as we get ready to change you the service now. Greater is he that's in me. My voice is a little bit raspy tonight. It's all that air conditioning blowing in my face all day long. Just threw my voice out. Amen. Let's just stand as we prepare to have brother Josiah to come. Amen. And speak for us. Pray for him tonight if you would. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Satan's like a roaring lion, roaming to and fro, seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. Many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. But God has promised us today his overcoming power. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is. [Music] Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Are you thankful for for for for the Holy Ghost and and the power that that lives within us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. That'll be it. Musicians. Um Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise his name. &gt;&gt; Do do you do you do you love the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you thankful for all the many blessings and mercies that that that that he's given us every day? Amen. I'd like to turn um to Exodus chapter 3 verse one. Amen. Exodus 3:1-6 says, "Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro, his father-in-law, the priest of of the priest of Midian, and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst out of the midst of a bush and and looked and behold the bush burned with fire. And the bush was not was was not con consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight. Why the bush is not burnt?" And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called him out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here I here, here am I." And he said, "Draw not nigh. draw not nigh hither put off thy shoes from off thy feet for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground. Moreover, he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of of of and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. Let's all bow our heads. Our dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you. And Lord, how thankful we are, Father, for all the many blessings you've given us, Father. And Lord, we ask you, Father, now just to move in such a mighty special way, Lord, this evening. Ask you, Father, just to help me lay myself aside and just speak through me. Lord Jesus, we love you and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Y'all can be seated. Amen. I was hoping to speak for just a few minutes tonight on the God of our fathers. Brother Brandham said um he said he said he said he he said my subject tonight is have faith in God. Now we are taught in God's blessed word that when faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word or the word or the and and hearing and hearing and hearing faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word. He said now faith is also an experience and many times faith is had by a former experience. It makes faith grow. He said faith being in substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen. So many people fail to find the real meaning of what faith is. Some people some people believe that faith is is some is some sensation or some emotion. But the Bible said that faith is the substance of things hoped for. He he and he goes on to say he said now some some things thinks that it's a mental conception of the word but that is not right. Faith is the substance. Faith is not a myth. He he he he said faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence. He he said to have an evidence it must be a substance and and catch this now. He said so it is not just something that you imagine in your mind. It's something that you absolutely have. It's something that you possess in your own in your own in your own in your own being. He said what is it? It's the evidence of things that you have hoped for. It's the evidence of things that you do not have as yet, but you have the authority of God to say to say that you that you you you that you have it. It's an evidence, something that you have in your heart. Amen. So, um, so we can we we can take these scripture and we can and we can take what the messages has has has has has taught us and and and we notice that Moses um um um he he he was he'd grown up to be a great man. He was a he was a general in Pharaoh's army. He had he he he had grown up he had grown up with the with the best of the best and and and he was an intelligent man. man. He was a smart man. He was a general in the greatest and the greatest military of of that time. But yet Moses had been a had been a bitter failure. But but but but because he had grown up and and and and and before he had and and he had he he had grown up with his mother and his mother had no doubt taught him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him about the Jehovah of of of of old of of of of how that how that um Adam and Eve would would would walk in the garden and God would come down would come down in the evening and and will walk with them and talk with them and and commune with with them and that and and and how that how that how that um um Enoch had had this relationship with God and he and he walked with them day after day and year after year until he was not for God took him and and and how that and and and and and how that um that uh Abraham Ham Ham Ham had been called out by by by by by God and a and towards to where that Abraham had a personal relationship with with with with the great mighty God. A and and she and and no doubt she had begun to tell him tell him about about how that God had promised in 400 years years that that God was to set his people free. And no doubt Moses had this had this mental had this mental conception that that he was the deliverer. But but but but yet he had not met God. He he he he he had he he had he had heard of the God of his fathers through a mental conception. But but until that burning bush bush experience experience where that mental conception had become a personal relationship with Jehovah. So, so and so, and and so, and so brother Brandham says says he he said, "Now watch faith take a hold right quick." He said, "The old things are passed away." He said, "But Moses now has a new vision. He has a revelation. He has an experience. He had met God. He had talked to God. Before that, he had not he had not met God. He'd only read and known about what his mother had had told him by hearing what his mother had said or hearing what the pastor had said. He said, "Now Moses has a personal experience." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, so, so, so everything everything that that that mo that that that that his mother had taught him about to where and began to build up in his heart and be and begin to think think think that surely there's a God there's a God alive alive alive today. And even though he tried to take it to take it to take it in in his own hands, God had to take him out there out there out there in in the back side of that desert. And and he began to he began to show him who he was and and just how mighty that that that &gt;&gt; that he was and and Moses had had left there a changed man. He he he was different now. Why? Because he had now he had now he had met God on And so and and so everything the manifestation of everything of all those stories of all the men of faith of of old that that he had had had grown up listening to was now standing was now standing was now standing before him in that burning bush. &gt;&gt; It was no longer it was no longer the the God of of Adam or the God of Enoch or the God of of of Abraham or the God of Isaac or or the God of Jacob. It was his God. be because because he had he had had a personal relationship with with God. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said says that that said that but he'd come face to face with God with an experience who who had who had the armored angels of all of all of all the of of all the eternities to stand by him. And as Moses went and went went his way down went down with his wife straddled a little old mule and long whiskers was hanging down. He said, "I believe that 10,000 times 10 thousands of of of angels rode along down those dusty those those dusty roads roads roads with them. He had an experience." &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh and so we we can talk about Abraham and the life and the life that that man lived that that that man lived where he had he had total faith in and God to to to where he would he was he would he would he would he he would strike the sea and it would or he he would speak to the sea and it would open and and he he would speak to the rock and and it would it it would bring forth water to to where to to where to to where that day in and day out and day in in and day out. That man lived in the presence in the presence of God. And you can look at um at um Abraham. He was 75. He was just an idol worshipper. He worshiped idols. He made idols. A and and and yet God had come down and called him out out and called him out of there and said, "I will make you a father of many nations." &gt;&gt; Why? Um and he he he and and for 25 years years he he he he he through faith he stood there day in and day out and claimed his victory and and this was no longer no no no no longer the god the god the god of his forefathers. It had become a personal relationship to for 25 years. He claimed that that that that he claimed that promise on until the until Isaac Isaac was was standing was standing was standing be be before him. Um and so we can look at at uh at at at at Nathaniel. I I I always like this this story. Nathaniel was was he was he was a he was a a a a a devout Jew. He was an Orthodox Jew and he he he would sit there and he read his Bible daily and he and and he prayed to and he prayed to Jehovah and and and yet and yet a and and yet and yet one day um one day I think it was his brother his brother Andrew Andrew Andrew went and got him and he brought him forth forth and and and fun of Jesus and he said and he said and a and and Jesus said behold an Israelite in who there is no And he said, "Master, when did you know me?" And he and he said he said, "Before Philip before before Philip called you, called you. I saw you." And and it was in that this starchy Orthodox Jew after he had seen the power of Christ. He fell on his knees and and and said, "Thou art the Christ." The the the man that I had that I h have have been have been been been reading about the the the very God that that that had that stood before be before before a Abraham and and said and said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" Because because because because God saw that or or Philip had had saw that that same sign that that God had presented to to that God had presented to Abraham was now had had presented to him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him the very same thing the God of his fathers was now standing be before him face to face and he could sat there and say thou art the Christ the king of Israel and and and and but But before now you notice now before he can he he couldn't say say it all all that before he met Christ all all he could say was Jehovah is a mighty God. Jehovah had had had a past tense now had spoken to Abraham. Jehovah in the past had had had delivered the Israelites. Jehovah the past had had had had he he he had walked and talked and talked with Enoch. He had the past talk to David, but now but but now he could sit there and say present tense Jesus is standing is standing before him. The God of his fathers, the the the Messiah, the king of Israel was standing before him manifested in human flesh. &gt;&gt; Brother Ram said he he was he was he was talking about about David. He he he said he said he he he said why? He said why you can't fight that giant? He said, he said, "Just take all these degrees off of me and all these church papers and and everything and let me get get let me get get free once free once." He he he said he let me He said, "Let me let me tell let let me tell you something. Backyard when I when I was hurting my daddy's sheep, there was a bear a bear had had had come in had come in one day one day and grabbed one. And I picked up my my slingshot and I knocked it down. And I took the kid and brought it back. And a lion had had had had had come in and grabbed one and and and run out. And I knocked him I knocked him down down down down down down two. And when I got when I got to him, he raised up against me against me and I killed him. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He he he said the God that that that that he said the God that delivered me out of the paw of the lion and the bear, how much more will he deliver me out of the hands of that uncircumcised sized sized philistine who's defying the armies of the living God? And he and he says this. He said, "See, he had faith because he had experience. Men and women know who who who's never who who's never knowed God no more than just to read about him. They don't have um they don't have much experience, but they don't know or he he said he he said they don't know what to do. But a man that's ever met God and had an experience that settles it. So, so, so, so, so, so, so so so, so, so, so, so so so, so David had lived his life in the backside and the backside of of, of of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of the desert and he said the a, and he saw the mighty, the mighty, the the the mighty workings of God. He had read He had read He had read in and the scriptures where it said where it said if you are holy holy holy holy follow me then nothing shall shall shall be able to to to stand before you. And David was reading in these scriptures. He was meditating them day in and day out until until the adversary had had had had had risen up and and he put his faith into action. Yes. &gt;&gt; And so so so so so what what we know what what what what we know is that is that is that is that God is always going to to to to keep his word. We have seen it time and time and after and time again. and and and and we know that that that that that that if I'm not healed healed healed at this present time, God has has plenty of of of of healing power. A and tomorrow I will see the manifestation of of that healing. But but but but what we got to do is is we have to put our faith into action a and and sit there and say, "I am just as happy. I am just a ha as a as happy right now right now as if I've seen my manifestation because God will keep his word and that and that we know that God will bring it to pass. &gt;&gt; So so so so we can sit there and say and a and say and say I am going going I am going to to to to get g get well and we can walk off and forget all about it. Why? Because we know that God has promised in his word that whatsoever things that that we have need of, God will bring it to pass. &gt;&gt; Faith is a substance. It's not a makeelie, but but but but we have we have a possession of it. We have we have the purchase power of our of our our our healing. He he healing tonight. And I'm still claiming my purchasing power of my stuttering. Amen. I'm going to get get through this through this thing this this thing eventually. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brandham says says, "Now with this with this," he was talking about a a loaf of bread and how that and how that that if he was starving a and a man and a man would would would come up up up up to him and give him a a a a quarter. Now, now, now, now now if he was starving and he received a quarter to to to go get that that that that loaf of bread, he could start rejoicing right then and there as if he already had the bread. Right. Right. Because he had he had the purchased power of of of that loaf of bread. And he said he he now with this with this 25 cents, I might have to walk several miles to to get the loaf of bread. He said, "But all the time I'm walking, I'm getting weaker and weaker. But but I'm rejoicing all the time because I know as soon as I arrive as I arrive as I arrive at the place I'm going to have that that that that bread. I may I may I may I may I may I may I may have I may have to go over the hill down through the thicket across the river and and over the stumps and I may get I may get so hungry before I get there that till till I've even got I've even got the cramps the cramps in my stomach. But I'm rejoicing all the time. I'm I'm just getting worse, weaker, hunger, h and and hunger. But I'm rejoicing because I hold in my possession the purchased power of that bread. And and he said and he said, "And when a man really looks to God with unadulterated unadulterated faith that God is able to keep what he what what he's promised, he can he he he can rejoice no matter no matter no matter how sick he gets or or how bad he suffers, all the hurting he is or whether he's prayed for or whether or whether or whether he isn't, it's a settled thing with that man when he receives the faith." Right? And uh in Philippians chapter 3 uh verse one says uh finally my brethren rejoice in the Lord to to write the same thing to you. To me indeed is not is not grievious but for you it is safe. He said he he says beware of dogs beware of evil workers. Beware of the concision. For we we are the circumcision which worship God in the spirit and rejoice in Christ in in Christ in Christ Jesus and have no confidence no confidence in the flesh. Though I might also have though I might also have have have ha have have confidence have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinkketh that that that that he have whereof whereof he might he might he might trust in the flesh. I I'm circumcised the eighth day of the stock of Israel of the tribe of the tribe of of of of Benjamin and and Hebrew and Hebrew of the Hebrews that touching the law of Pharisee concerning zeal persecuting the church touching the righteousness which which is in the law blameless. But what things were gained to me, though I counted loss, those I counted loss, loss, loss for Christ. Yay, doubtless I count all things but loss, for the excellency, excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Peter, our or Paul, who who had grown up, he was a Pharisee of the Pharisees. He knew that scripture inside and out, backwards and forward to toward to where to word. They said they said that that that uh that uh that uh he could roll the scroll up and and pierce it with a pen and tell you every single word every single word word that that that that that pen pierced. He he was a man that was learned. He was educated. He was smart. He he he he he he he he had he had every single every every single every single single single single single degree that that that a man could possibly get. But but but but but yet on his road on his road road on his road to to Damascus, God struck him down and he was a blind as a bat. A and Paul Paul he as being the educated man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man that he was he he had known exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that what that what that what that light was he was it was a pillar of fire and he had been an educated man knew that that was the pillar of fire that that that led the children of Israel of of of Israel across the desert and he said and he said and he said who are who art thou who art thou Lord and in And if you look at at the direct translation to that that that and he has Lord who art thou that Lord Lord means Jehovah. He knew that that that that he was talking he was talking to he was talking to the God to the God of of of of his of his his his fathers. And when Jehovah answered back he he said I am Jesus. And then at that moment a moment right then and there it changed Paul. Paul uh it it it changed it changed him he him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him forever he said everything that I learned I counted I counted it as done why because he had met the god of his fathers and and he had become a changed man &gt;&gt; John 4 and verse and verse 20 says our fathers and this this he Jesus it was just Jesus talking talking with with with the woman at the well he saw our fathers had worshiped had worshiped in mountain. And ye say that in that in Jerusalem um is the place where men ought ought to worship. And Jesus saith saith saith saith unto her, "Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father." Yet ye worship, ye worship, ye know, ye know not what but but we know what what what we worship. For salvation is is of the Jews. But the hour cometh and now is and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. For the father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit. And they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. And the woman saith say and the woman say sayeth sayith sayaith s say saith unto him. I know that Messiah cometh cometh which is called Christ. when he has come, he will tell us all things. And Jesus said, saith un unto her, I I that speak unto thee am he. And if we skip down to the next verse, he said he said the woman left then left her water pot and went her way into the city and saith and saith, come see a man which told me which told me all these things that I ever did. Is this not the Christ? She she this woman this this woman had had had had a mental conception of of who the Messiah was. She sat there and said, "Our fathers have worshiped in this in this mountain." And she said she said, "Jacob hath hath dug this well." Which is our father. He he he had dug this well. And yet and yet the very God that that that she had had had grown up, she heard about him. She heard about the Messiah. She said, "We are looking we are looking for the Messiah." And there stood the very manifestation of what she had sought after her her what she had what she had had had had sought after was standing be be before her. She said come see a man. She was a changed person who one moment in the presence of Jesus Christ had changed her her her her forever. He it was no longer just a just a mental conception of of of who the Messiah was supposed to be or or or or of of who Jehovah was or or of who Jacob was. But yet the very manifestation was standing before her be &gt;&gt; be be before her. Aren't you thankful? Thankful for that. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so we notice now that that that that um that faith often times will produce a a praise, a a praise in our hearts. There's so many times where where where brother Brandon will sit there and say he he he'll he he'll he he he'll sit there and say and say thy faith has saved thee. Go on and and praise him now. and and and and if you look at at at at at at Abraham, he he says, "And when he said he was 75 years old, and God had given him he him God had given him the the the the promise of it." A a and a a and and and yet the Bible says Abraham staggered not at at stagger not at the promise of God through uh through through unbelief but was strong in faith giving praise on giving praise unto God and calling those symptoms and things and and things which was as though they were not and and and he testified only what God had had said was what was true. Why? Because he had the promise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And now if if we look at at at at at Joshua, Joshua, he the the the the um um the uh uh angel of the Lord had had told him had told him to to march around Jericho day in and day out for seven days. And they but but he said on the seventh day on the seventh time all around he he said blow the trumpets and and and on the trumpet blast ye men shout. And brother Brandham says and brother Brandham says and by the people shouting and giving a praise and giving a praise to God. The walls of Jericho the walls of Jericho the walls of Jericho fell down flat. one on on on top one on top one on top of the other. He said, "A little shouting helps helps helps once in a while." He said, "I believe it. It certainly does." He said, "And when they sounded the trumpet and the people shouted, down went the walls." And he said a and so so we can look at and say and to think that that the very walls that what had seemed an impossible obstacle these walls were so tall and so thick and and and and and so thick and so thick that they literally had had races on top of these walls. And and and and yet and yet to to to the to the to the human eye, th this this this this wasn't possible. But but but but but but but yet but but but yet when they began to praise the Lord, the walls came came tumbling down. &gt;&gt; And so we notice that when the omnipotent speaks, miracles miracles miracles happen. Brother Brandon has mentioned this. I know our pastor has has has has has has has preached about this many times, but but but when omnipotence speaks, the miracles happen. And the very word omnipotence means all powerful God and and and the omnipotent God, the all powerful Jehovah God, the all powerful Jesus, he has spoken, he has spoken o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o over over over over our our lives. He said whatsoever things that that ye have h have have ha have have need of need need of you can take it and and and you you can can can can can claim it tonight. Wh why do do we have any rivers rivers rivers rivers in our lives that we just think is is impossible? It's it's uncrossable. They're they're they're they're they're too great. And and it's and it's it's it's it's it's too mighty. But but yet we can be like Elisha where he stood there with Elijah's mantle and he said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" And we can strike that river that that that that that river tonight. He the the very God the very God of our father of of our fathers is standing in the building with us with us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us us here tonight. If we can take take that mantle mantle and faith and and and speak the victory and speak the victory over our lives over our our lives our lives our lives our lives tonight. So, so, so, so, so you know, you noticed Elisha, Elisha, he he he had known God. He had worshiped God. But, but yet when he took when when he took Elijah's mantle and he and he and he and he and he said, "Where is the God of Elijah, that very God that that that he had saw working through Elijah? He he he he he he had no doubt seen seen seen the miracles and the manifestation of of what of what God was doing was doing was doing through through that prophet. And and now he had the very mantle that Elijah had and he can stand there in all confidence and in all assurance and say where be the God of Elijah and he could stand there in all faith and all assurance and watch that that that river apart. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so and that very same anointing that was on Elijah fell fell has fallen has fallen on on Elisha and us and us in the in these la and the in in these last days today, we have saw we have saw the prophet Elijah. We have saw him him. We have saw him speak the word of faith over people. And we have saw God manifest himself countless and hundreds and thousands of times and thousands of of of of times. And now that the prophet is off the scene, there's a bride standing forth here with that same anointing, that same anointing that Elijah has has. And we can stand there with that with that mantle and say, "Where be the God beh that that we come across, we can watch it part in front of us." Why? Because we have the purchased possession of what what God has promised it is now standing before us in these last days through the message of the hour. what he he the the God of our fathers that we have heard about we have preached about that day after day our parents has has told us about about it day after day we have heard on those tapes of God coming down and revealing the hearts the hearts and the mind of people and and healing them day after day we he is now standing here before us why because because we serve a personal savior we are the Mrs. Jesus Christ. The God of our fathers is now living and dwelling inside the bride. She is Mrs. Jesus Christ. We worship the God of our fathers. Why? And he is worthy. He is worthy of it all. Though in how insignificant we may feel, though how how low down and downtrodden we that that that that that no matter how low down and downtrodden we feel, we can sit there and praise the God of of our fathers for all that that that that for all that he has that he has he has already done done past tense for us. hand in Revelation 5:1 it says, "And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel and I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy, who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof? And no man in heaven, nor in earth, nor under the earth was able to open the book, and neither to look upon." And I wept much because no man was found no man was was was was found was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to to even look to even look to even look there on. And one of the elders and elders said unto me, "Weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth unto all the earth. And he came, and he took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts, and four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of olders, which are the prayers of the saints. And it says this, they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book and open the seals thereof, for thou was slain and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred kindred, tongue, and people and nation. And thou hast made us our made unto our God, kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. And I beheld and and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beast and the elders. And a number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands of thousands saying with a loud voice, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessings. And every creature which is in the heaven and on the earth and under the earth and such as are in the sea, all that are that are in them heard I saying, blessing and honor and glory and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne and unto the Lamb forever and ever. And the four beast said, "Amen." And the four and 20 elders fell down and worshiped him that liveth forever and ever. Why? Because brother Brandham said he must have seen his name on the book. and and we as the lowly humble bride of Jesus Christ can sit here and worship the God of the ages. The the God who rolled back the Red Sea. The the God who who has open the blind the eyes of the blind. The very God who has who has we we watched cancers fall off them. The very God who who has who who has set us free. Now he is worthy of all the worship, the honor, and the praise that that we could possibly give him. Brother Ram said, "You know, if I bought a home and it was mine, I'd go through the thing and see what I had. I'm just kind of a prospector. I like to dig around and find out and find out what I've got." He said, "I'm an heir of salvation. I'm an heir of divine healing. I'm an heir of heaven. I'm an heir to the earth. I'm an heir. I'm a joint heir with Christ." And all these things and I like to look through his book to prospect and see what all I'm an heir to. is who we as the bride of Christ, we are become an heir and a joint heir with Christ. Our name is just as good on the check as Christ is. We can whatever we have need of, we can sit here and sign it cuz the God of our fathers has made himself alive and well in in these last days. And we as the bride of Christ can stand here and say, "I'm an heir to it all." We have the purchased possession in our hands. You just got to take your quarter and go down and go down to that store and and and and purchase it. Why? because we are an heir to it all. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine Sam Walton, his son, you know, he he he and and I' I've I've heard uh uh brother Daryl Ward talk about this and that's where I got it from. He said he said he said what if D Sam Walton's son would would walk into Walmart and let's say he was a beggar and he was hungry and he said, you know, could I possibly have a bag of chips or or or could I possibly have a loaf of bread? But yet, but yet Sam Malton's son could if he was starving and he was a beggar, he could walk into Sam Malton's store and say, "My daddy owns it all." And he could sit there and say, "Give me that steak in over there. Give me that grill so I can go outside and grill it with." Why? Cuz he his daddy owns it all. And and we can sit there with all confidence and all assurance. And we're not some beggarly low trotten bride bride. We are We are an heir. We are royalty. We are the queen of heaven. and and whatsoever we have need of, we can sit there and and claim it and claim it for our own. There was a the prophet of the Lord was was was he was talking he was talking to to to to to the king one time and he and told him he he he said he said he said go get your bow and and he got his bow and he said put an arrow in it and he said and he said now now now now now now now now shoot the arrow and uh and after he had shot it he told him he said go get it and so he went he went got he got and come back and he said strike the And that king that king he struck the round three times. And the prophet of God was wroth with him. And and he said, "Why did you not did you not did you not strike it? Did you not strike it? Strike it. Why did you not strike it? Strike it more times than that." And and he said he said, "You struck it only only three times." He said, "So that means you will only have three victories." And and so when when we when we as the bride of Christ, whatsoever battle battle whatsoever ever ever ever battle we're going up against, whether our children have strayed or or whether we're we're fighting sickness in our bodies or or or whether we need a a deliverance from sin that that has drugg us through the mud. Well, we can sit there and keep striking that ground and keep striking that ground until we see a total victory. If you if you have something in your life, strike the ground with it. It'll be why? be because because God has promised it to us to to us in these last days. you you look at the at the woman. Um the I think it was a it was the it was a Shounomite it was a a Shounomite myite woman when when when her son died. The the the the prophet servant had come forth and said and said, "Is all well with you?" All is well. Is all well with your is is all well with with with your husband. All is well. Is all well with your boy? All is well. And and and and yet and yet but yet but yet the the the the Elisha told the w told the woman or he he told the servant he said go lay your go lay your staff go lay your staff or go lay my staff staff on the boy and the servant went and did what as he was told. But brother Ram says but the woman's faith wasn't in the staff it was in the prophet and and he said I and I like her determination. She said, "As the Lord lives and and your soul never dies, I will not leave you." And tonight we could we could and we tonight could hold on to God's rep representative like that. He said, he he said, "If you could tell the Holy Spirit tonight, as sure as as you are the immoral spirit of God, you give me a promise in the Bible of of you give me a promise in the Bible of my healing, and I'm going to hold on until I see something happen, there would be there would be miracles taking place. The lamb or the lame would be jumping and running, and the doctors the doctors of of the doctors of Los of Los Angeles would be surprised tomorrow to see their patients healed." And and and and see their patients healed and well. And if we could just take a hold of God's agent, God's agent then was Elijah. God's agent today is the Holy Spirit. Hold on to it. Whenever you come when whenever you come into contact and you feel the Holy the Holy Spirit on you, then hold then then then then hold on to it. I'll not leave you. Stay with it like like Jacob did like Jacob did when he wrestled with the angel. I'm I'm going to hold on hold on till you bless me and give me the things that I'm desiring. And Elijah had and Elijah seen he had her on his hands. There was nothing else to do but go but but go with her. And if you'll stay with the Holy Spirit, stay on his hands. He loves you well enough, well enough to come to you and bless you and save you. Then stay on his hands. Don't he he he said, don't you remember how Jesus teaching about the unjust judge? He said, "I fear neither God nor man, but this woman torments me day and night, crying after me. How much more God will give them the Holy Spirit who cry after him day and night." He He said, "We've got to have faith to believe that God that God that God that God can do it and we'll do it. Let's take a hold of it and hold on. Just don't let it go. Stay right with it. If it don't come now, it'll come 10. It will come 10 10 minutes later, hours later, two weeks later, a month later. No matter when it comes, I got a hold of it. I'm going to stay with it. We are not worshiping a dead god. We are serve a living God, a God that is alive and well, and he's living and dwelling in this bride. He is the almighty, the omnipotent, the omnipresent, the everlasting God. He is so wonderful. He is so wonderful to us, man. And and brother Brandham says that's what it takes. No matter how much faith you've got, if you won't use it, it's no good. It it's it's it's no good to you. That's right. What good is a God of Moses if he ain't the same God today? He said, "What good is a historical God?" You people who go to church and your church only teaches that that some historical fact about the Holy Ghost coming back on the day of Pentecost. There's no such a thing today. There there was healing healing back there. He he he said, "What good does does does that do you?" He He said he said, "Just no more just no more than reading George Washington once lived." That's right. Abraham He Abraham Lincoln once lived according according to the history. According to the history, Abraham Abraham Lincoln lived according to the history. George Washington lived, but they're dead and buried according to the history. But look, Jesus Christ lives. He died and he rose again according to according to the scriptures is alive forever more. Why? Our faith must be must be put must be put must be put in in into in in into action. We're not we're not serving we're not serving a God of history. We're not serving of God a God of yesterday. A God of a God who was but we are serving a mighty present God in these present tense. We are serving the the God of our fathers. But the God of our fathers has stood before us and he's made him himself manifested and known in these last days. He has loosed the seals and we have become worth we have we we have we have we have become worthy to worship the the the mighty God. He is the everlasting father. He's the prince of peace. He's the mighty God. Amen. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Don't you want to want to serve him with everything everything that you got with you? If you look at that at the Pharisees, Pharisees, they said that they said that that that they follow that that that they follow Moses's law. But yet, but but but but yet the mighty God, the law maker, was standing right before them. They and they they and all their intellect and knowledge and and and all that what they knew about God in the Bible, but yet they felt they felt to see the mighty God standing there wrapped in in in in human flesh was standing was standing before them and they missed it and they and they crucified him. Let's not be guilty be be guilty guilty to to today of failing to see what what our mighty God our mighty God can can can can do. Let's sit here and take and take him him at his word and claim every promise every promise that Jesus had died for is now ours. &gt;&gt; We serve a mighty God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, how we love him. And if I if if the musicians will come, he how we love him. How I adore him. &gt;&gt; He's the wonderful, the counselor, the prince of peace, the mighty God, the everlasting father. He's the lily of the valley. He's the rose of Sharon. He that was, which is, and which shall come. He's the root and the offspring of David. He's the word, the life, the joy, the the joy, the our our our prince of peace. He's our all and all. He is God. How we love him and how we praise him. He's the matchless one, the great eternal one made flesh and dwelt among us. Don't you love him? And now he's the pillar of fire. He he he he's moving and dwelling with us in these last days. He has shown himself. He has vindicated himself to us time after time after time after time. And he and he is he is the mighty God. And he has come down down amongst us here to here here today showing who we are. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Amen. We we can we can praise him ahead ahead ahead ahead of the victory. Not not because of of how we feel. We might feel just sick as ever. We might feel just as as hopeless as ever. That sin may be may feeling like like it's weighing us down more than more than ever. But but yet we can rise up in faith and claim it. Why? Because it's our God. It's our God. It's our God-given gi given privilege. Christ has already made us free on Calvary. Christ has already ha has has already healed us on Calvary. Christ has has already set us free. Those prison gates are swinging wide. And we can sit here and praise him a and we can s here and praise them when as of yet. We don't feel nothing. We're still sick as ever. We we we might be be be sitting there be be sitting there just just thinking it's hopeless. But but yet we can praise him. Why? Because he has promised it. And we have we have his signed check check stand sitting here before us. And we are on our way to on our on our way on our way to the banquet. Though we might be getting sicker and sicker and sicker, but but yet we can claim the promise, the promise for our own. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It says, "By faith, Enoch walked with God and he was not and he was not for God had took him." By faith, Shamgar fought and defeated and defeated those those those 600 those six those those those those 600 those six those say 600 those those 600 Philistines and he killed them all by faith Daniel. We can look at by faith the the Hebrew children. We can look at by faith Joshua. by faith. By faith um um um Simon could say by faith Peter, by faith Mary, by faith Moses, we these all even though he he even these all not not having the promise and against all odds all odds took God at his word and and defeat and and defeat and in the defeat of the devil and all of his demons. Every potential is laying in the bride right now. Transforming power is laying in the seed right now. It's going to be exactly what God said it what God has has has said has has said it will be. It has come to its full potential. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We've got the power In the name of Jesus, [Music] we've got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] For many years now, Satan's trying to stop us. Oh, but the bride of Jesus, oh, is still alive. Oh, like a mighty army, we keep marching onward, winning every battle. With the Lord by our side, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot God [Music] in the name of the world of God. Praise the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power. In the name of the Lord, [Music] give me your hand. &gt;&gt; Let's agree together. Oh, that all of our eneies [Music] will crumble at our feet. Hallelujah. For whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. [Music] Satan has to flee. Oh my. Don't you believe that? Tonight we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. [Music] Amen. Aren't you thankful for the power of the Lord Jesus Christ? how he's living and dwelling in the bride in these last days. Amen. We'll go ahead and dismiss now with a word of prayer. Pray you all uh you all have a good week and um pray for our pastor and and and brother Daniel. They're driving home. Um should be in tomorrow at some point. So y'all can uh um um y'all drive safe and we'll see y'all here on Sunday. Let's all uh let's all bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you. Lord, how thankful we are, Father, for the all the blessings you've given us, Father.
