################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - Brother Wendall Martin "Grace, Grace To The Headstone" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-03
Title:   Brother Wendall Martin "Grace, Grace To The Headstone"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycoJE7Ks_O8
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] [Music] facing troubles my [Music] way is part of by myself I can't win. Oh, I'll just throw up my hand. I'll just throw up my [Music] hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up as I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. When I'm faced with a trial, there's only two ways I can go. Oh, I can face it with a smile or let it bring me down low. Satan whispers, "You're through." Oh, but I hear Jesus just tell me to stand. What am I going to do? What are you going to do? I'll just throw up my hand. I'll just throw up my hand and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hand, just praise. Oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Now, when I'm faced with a trial, there's only two ways I can go. Oh, we can face it with a smile or let it bring us down low. Satan whispers your through. But I hear Jesus just tell me to stand. What am I going to do? I'll tell you. Oh, I'll just throw up my hand. Oh, I'll just throw up my hand. Start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand in his infallible word. When God sees our hands grace, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got to die in my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. When everything has gone wrong. How many's been there? I've got my back to the wall. Oh, Satan's coming on strong. He really wants us to fall. He sends troubles our way. Oh, even shakness is part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. Oh, I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands. Start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up as I stand on his infallible word. When God, she's our hand praise. He comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a D in my pants. Satan just can't stand when I throw up. Can you give him a wave offering tonight? Oh, I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees our hands raised, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Got a d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Can you praise the Lord tonight? Oh, Satan just can't stand it when we begin to praise him. Oh my across the land, I see God's mighty hand. Oh, the bride of Christ adorned in her wedding gown. Oh, just like in the days of old, they stood encourageable. They turned this whole world upside down. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising now. Now the Bible plain details how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. You see demon spirits were cast down in the jail. They sang and shout while surrounded by God's angel band. We're rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, oh, I have some good news to bring to you. You see, in the last days, he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength, he'll renew. We're rising up. Oh, rising up. There's a new test church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Rising [Applause] up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. You see demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sing and shout while surrounded by God's angel band. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. Yes, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. I like this. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done. Oh, I have some good news to bring to you. You see, in the last days he'll pour. Oh, of his spirit more and more. Like a mighty strength he'll renew. We're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Yeah. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Yes, rising up. There's a New Testament church right one more time. We're rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Yes, there's a New Testament church rising up. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Oh my. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Do you believe you're rising up? I have heard a voice calling me out of Babylon to a higher place. There's a mountain I can live [Music] upon. And I have made my choice. Oh, Jesus is my joy and [Music] liberty. Oh, Babylon will never Oh, never have it hold on me. Oh, I have heard a voice. It's called me out of Babylon to a higher place. There's a mountain I can live [Applause] on. Oh, I have made my choice. You see Jesus is my joy and [Music] liberty. Oh yes, Babylon will never Oh, never have it hold on me. Sing it again. Oh, and I have heard a voice. Have you heard that voice? Oh, out of Babylon to a higher place. Oh, there's a mountain I can live upon. Oh, I have made my choice. Oh, Jesus is my joy and liberty. [Music] Oh yes, Babylon will never never have its hold as they come for the offering. Oh, I have heard a voice. It's called me out of Babylon to a higher place. There's a mountain I can live upon. [Music] And I have made my choice. Have you made your choice? [Music] Yeah. Oh, and Babalot will never never have its hold on me. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. for the Colby. [Applause] Lord, we love you and want to thank you for bringing us together safely tonight. And I just pray, Lord, that you'll be in our midst, Father, and asking that you'll bless this offering, bless all that, those that can give and those that can't. In your name we pray. Amen. Thank you Jesus for the blood supply. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me wild. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness. to glorious. Can we sing that again? Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of God. Oh, it has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness to glorious light singing now. Oh, I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The breach was far too high. were farther from side of the chasm. You held me in your sight. So you you made a way across the great divine. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debt I owed. broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had more. Thank you Jesus for the blood of Thank you Jesus. You've washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious life. Now you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And now death has no sting, and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Can we sing that second verse again? Now you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Now death, it has no steam and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you, Jesus, for the blood applied. Oh, thank you, Jesus. It's washed me white. Oh, thank you, Jesus. You have saved my life, brought me from the darkness into glorious light. All together sister comes. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life, brought me from the darkness into glorious light. One more time. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness to glorious light. Amen. Are you thankful for the blood tonight? Amen. You can be seated. [Applause] [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. [Music] declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name it's life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the darkness. Shine through the light. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. Till every soul captive by depression. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name it's life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Applause] fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. And Jesus in the streets, Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. And I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. I speak Jesus over my family. Trust in the holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Oh, your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. [Music] I speak [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus, there's just [Music] something about that name. Oh master, savior Jesus, like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus, Jesus, [Music] Jesus. Let all heaven and earth proclaim. [Music] for kings and kingdoms. They will all pass away. But there's something about that name as brother Caleb Martin comes. Oh yes. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Jesus, there's something about that name, master, savior Jesus. Like the fragrance after the [Music] rain. Oh, it's Jesus. [Applause] Jesus. Jesus. Let all heaven and earth proclaim. Oh kings and kingdoms they will all pass away. But there's something about that [Music] name. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. There's just something about that name, Jesus. Amen. So long I searched for life's meaning in slaves find this world's and my [Music] grief. The door of my prison was opened. My love for the ransom was paid. I was free. [Music] I'm free from the fear of [Music] tomorrow. I'm free from the guilt of my [Applause] past. past. I've traded my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at [Music] last. I'm free from the guilt that I carry. From the dull empty life, I'm set free. For when I met Jesus, he made me complete. He forgot the foolish child I used to be. I'm free from the fears of [Music] tomorrow. I'm free from the guilt of my past. [Applause] I've traded my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. I'm free from the guilt that I [Music] carry from the old empty life. I've been set free. For when I met Jesus, he made me complete. He forgot the foolish child I used to [Music] be. All together now. I'm free from the fears of tomorrow. Are you free tonight? I'm free from the guilt of my [Applause] past. I've traded my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. [Music] I'm free from the fears of [Music] tomorrow. I'm free from the guilt of my past. I'm traing my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. [Applause] Amen. Are you free tonight? Amen. If you're still bound, you don't have to leave here bound. Amen. You can go free tonight. Amen. Amen. We serve an awesome God. Can we just stand to our [Music] feet? When I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, he hears me and he helps me for he is faithful and true. He won't forget his [Music] own. He's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God can I handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, oh God almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way you think a sh my great Jehovah just loves a paradox to stay in your position. Watch miraculous come into action. Oh our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in need, just call on the Lord. Oh, he will hear you. He will help you for he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. He'll be your companion. Oh, your best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus, the lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save one sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God can I handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. the greatest love story. Amen. Do you believe he is tremendous tonight? Oh my. Whatever you have need of tonight, he'll be there. Amen. By his word. Amen. As we turn it over to our pastor, by his word. [Music] Oh, I'll prevail by his word I'll never fail. Oh, by his [Music] word I'll [Music] overcome by his word. I'll prevail and I'll overcome. Sing it with all your hearts. Oh, by his word. Oh, I'll prevail. Oh, by his word I'll never f [Music] Come by his word. I'll prevail. Aren't you glad you got something to prevail with? All by his [Music] word I prevail. By his word I'll never fail by his word. I'll overcome by his word. I'll prevail. I'll [Music] overcome. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Bless the name of the Lord. [Music] just to think that we're part of the end time move. Everything that God had in his mind, here we are. I mean, he's he's had this in the back of his mind and he's been working at it and working at it and working at it. And here we are, the manifestation of those thoughts. And he would do it in a time when it's the most evil age, the most corrupt age, the most deceptive age. And yet he said, "I'll still have a bride." Amen. He ain't going to fail. We ain't going to fail. Because he gave us the greatest weapon that we could ever have, and that's his word. And the prophet said, "With the restoration of the word comes the restoration of power." And we have seen it over and over. We've seen it in these meetings. I was thinking of a a young lady that goes to our church that um been battling um well just about to have a breakdown, nervous breakdown and and um anxiety and things like that. And the doctor told her yesterday said, "You need to be on anti-depressant pills and things like that." and you go look it up the side effects of suicidal thoughts and and all of these things. And we said, "No, no, no, don't do that." So, what you do is you just come and hear the word of the Lord. And let God do the work. And she heard the word of the Lord last night, came up, and God just totally delivered her. Hallelujah. By his word, we will prevail. by his word. Amen. These preachers ain't medical scientists. They're not doctors in medicine. They don't have their PhD. But one thing they have is they have the word. Amen. Amen. And as they've been preached and what a wonderful service this morning, eh? Amen. I Wow. Amen. And the word of God, I uh uh, Brother Brandham, Jonathan touched it a little bit, but Brother Brandham talking about Israel and he said, "National force put her in her place." He said, "Now I'm going to say something. National force put Israel in her homeland. National force will put the church in the world council of churches, but the power of God will put the people in the bride. The world forces this way, the world forces that way, but God forces upward. The spirit of God, which is the word of God, my word is spirit and life, will put the bride in her place. Can you say amen? Cuz she'll recognize her position in the word. then she's in Christ will put her in her place. No national force will do it. No politics will do it. Psychology won't do it. But the word of the Lord will do it. And I say he has put us in our place. We're positionally placed in Christ. And I'm recognizing my position more and more and more. And the devil just ain't can't do nothing about it. I will not be defeated. I will not be destroyed. My end ain't the tribulation. My end ain't hell. I've got a millennium I'm going to. And I'm excited about it. I hope you're excited as well. Amen. We certainly enjoyed the meetings. And um uh each night has been building and each service. And uh uh tonight, Brother Wendell Martin uh will be ministering and uh he's he's my older oldest brother and uh we I certainly love him and uh he loves this message. We I guess come into the message kind of together. It was um kind of God working on both ends and um uh we uh have worked together for many years and he's pastoring there in Pony, Oklahoma. And uh you just just can't find a finer uh brother, a man of God that just loves people, loves the Lord, loves the message. And uh we've had him uh here uh well, he's been I guess every year here preaching for us and and uh uh if you haven't heard him, you're going to be blessed. Not because of the man, but the gift that God has placed in the individual. And uh uh God just has all kinds of flavors, don't he? And not not he doesn't get just pick ministers out of the, you know, the uh the what do you call that? uh assemblyline preachers. We all have our different ways of ministering and preaching the gospel and God knows exactly what he's doing and I know you're going to be blessed. And so uh we want him to take his time, his liberty and uh sing and uh whatever the Lord lays on his heart. And so let's just sing uh that song again. By his word, I will prevail. Oh, by his word I prevail by his [Music] word. I'll never [Music] fail by his word. [Music] I'll [Music] [Applause] overcome. Oh, by his word I'll prevail. I'll I'll fulfill every promise that God has said about me by his word. [Music] I'll [Music] [Applause] prepare by his word. [Music] Well, praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for the word of the [Music] Lord? Hallelujah. So thankful. So thankful for God's word. Thankful for his grace upon our lives. And uh what can we say about this morning's message? Wasn't that just wonderful? My hallelujah. Amen. He is he is just so wonderful. You can be seated here tonight. and um like to say it's just really uh good to be here and and uh good good to be a part of uh of these meetings. We appreciate brother Shawn inviting us to come and and uh uh we we would have come whether we was invited or not. And uh Amen. And u so um this is a little the uh you might have to turn the lows down on my um on the guitar part. Praise the Lord. And um so I've thought all of the messages have just been so wonderful. And um and so we're I um I've I've got a song that I I had learned. It's an old song, but um uh it's an old Henson song. And I'm sorry that I didn't get back with you, brother. Can Brother Kevin? And uh that brother Kevin, he can play, can't he? So, I thought I would sing this before I asked my brothers to come. And um and so uh as I say, it's it's been around a long time. Trouble seems I tell you what. Amen. Let me get my capo. And uh it sounds better with a capo. Yes, I'm using a capo. Amen. Trouble seems to lack your style and you're feeling all alone. At your last resort, they had to leave for a while. Leave your name at the sound of the tone. It seems the world up and moved away. All that stayed was fear and doubt. They came looking for trouble and decided to stay. Now you're looking for a way to check out. Take it to [Music] Jesus. He knows. That wasn't part of the song, just in case you're wondering. Take it to [Music] Jesus. He knows. He feels. He cares. No one does it better when your life's in need of repair. Take it to [Music] Jesus. What a comfort knowing is always there. Old memories in the middle of the night takes the sleep out of your eyes. The room is dark and as you fiddle with the light, you break down and start to cry. Some bitter, painful past mistakes have been haunting you again and conjuring up the image of the fool that it takes to think that you could ever win. Take it to Jesus. He knows and feels and care. No one does it matter when your life in need of repair. Take it to Jesus. What a comfort to know. Friend is always there. Take it to [Music] Jesus. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Yeah. It's a comfort to know your friend is always there. Hallelujah. Amen. A man. Amen. Praise the Lord. She's weathered many [Music] storms. Many times she thought she had died. But his grace kept on leading. She's cresting every tide. Many days upon the [Music] waters, sailing neath those angry skies. Her captain, her compass has not failed her. And her captain never dies. I can see heaven shores. Home time is [Music] coming. The saints of the ages are there to welcome me [Music] home. The ship is battered. The sails are torn, but as she's brought me safely to my father's arms. Many boats have started out, but only one my friend can make it. These rolling seas will billow and the hurricanes [Music] crash. But our captain's tried and proven. So let all hell roar. This ship will dock safely in spite of the [Music] storm. Yes, I can see heaven shores. Home time is coming. The saints of the ages are there to welcome me home. The ship is battered. The sails are torn. But it's brought me safely to my father's arms. It's brought me safely to my father's [Music] arms. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Rod me safely. We're ordained to make it and we're going to make it because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Amen. And if brother Sean and brother Jonathan wouldn't mind coming and and singing just just a song or two. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many wants to hear a [Applause] [Music] trio? Amen. And uh this this song will be for Sister Faith. Praise the Lord. She she loves these old timeies. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's see. Uh, he didn't bring us this far to leave us. He didn't teach us to swim to let us drown. He didn't build his home in us to move [Music] away. He didn't pick us up to let us down. [Music] are some promises in a letter written a long, long time ago. They're not getting older. They're getting better. Because he still wants us to [Laughter] know. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. [Music] He didn't teach us to swim to let us [Applause] drown. He didn't build his home in us to move away. He didn't pick us up to let us down. Listen to these words. [Music] Just claim them promises. Every one of them claim them promises for every spoken word he's going to keep. That's right. because you're everything to him. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. Hallelujah. He didn't teach us to swim to let us drown. He didn't build his home in us to move away. He didn't pick us up to let us down. He didn't pick us up to let us down. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad for that? Aren't you glad that he that started you has promised to finish you? Glory to the lamb of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] We'll try [Music] it. Ready? Yeah. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Cal. [Music] It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power and it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest I as the blood gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. It soothes all my doubts and it calms every one of my fears and it drives back away all my tears. I'm talking about the blood that's still giving me strength. It's from day to day. We'll never never never never lose its power. Thank God it reaches the highest mountain and it flows to the Lord to belowest mountain. The blood that gives me strength, he's still giving it from there. From night to day, it will never never never never lose its power. Oh, it soothes all my doubts. Yeah. And it calms every one of my fears. [Applause] [Music] and it dries back my way. Oh my tears, I'm talking about the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never never never lose its power. Sing it with us now. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. It's the blood. Hallelujah. Thank God it gives me strength from day to day. From day to day. Never lose yet. We'll never Oh, we will never lose it. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your blood. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you for your grace. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He Let's see. Maybe F. He just takes me in his arms and holds me. He reaches down to brush the tear drops from my eyes. [Music] He just takes me [Music] in his arms and holds me. Never so gentle till the feelings all subside. One more time. Oh, he just takes me in his arms and holds me. He reaches down to crush the tear drops from my [Applause] [Music] He just takes me in his arms and holds me. Ever so gentle till the sun. [Music] Ever so gentle till the feelings all [Music] so hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. He just takes me in his arms and he holds me. Aren't you glad for that today? Amen. If you have your Bibles, we will look here in the book of Amen. Over here in in the book of Zechariah, the fourth chapter. And um what can we say about all of the wonderful food that we've been eating since we've been here? And [Applause] um and all of these brothers that's been helping park and and and uh and taking us back and forth wherever we need to go and and we just say God richly bless them. And um you know, while we're here enjoying ourselves, they're up there cooking and and working. And I I tell you what, I say, God, give those sisters and those brothers um a great big blessing. Amen. I want to read here in Zechariah the 4th chapter and um Amen. And I'm we're just going to start at the first verse. an angel that talked with me come again and wake me as a man that had waken out of his sleep. And he said unto me, what seeest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold, a candlestick all of gold, and a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps which are upon the top thereof. the two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other side or the other the left side thereof. And I answered and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, "What are these things, my Lord?" And the an then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, "Knowest not what these be?" And I said, "No, my Lord." Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubabel, not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubabel, thou shalt become a plain. He shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, The hands of Zerubabel have laid the foundation of this house, and his hand shall also finish it. For thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts hath sent me unto you. For who hath despised the day of small things? For they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubabel with those seven. They are the eyes of the Lord which run to and fro throughout the whole earth. I want to speak just on a simple title here tonight. Grace to the headstone, the capstone. Father, we just love you today. We thank you for your abundant mercies and the wonderful words that you have brought to us these last three days, Lord, and how gracious you are and how wonderful it is to be your bride. that I pray Lord tonight that you would Lord that you would just come sweep over this tent and that you would settle all of our hearts that you would speak to us Lord and may your words ring within our predestinated souls. I pray Lord that you would come in a real special way tonight that you would heal the sick and encourage the discouraged. Bring the backslider home to you. Lord, I pray that you'll strengthen the hands of all of the local assemblies, Lord, and those that are represented under this tent here, Lord. Bless Brother Shawn and all of the laborers, Lord. Oh God, we love you and we give ourselves to you now as we report for duty in Jesus' name. Can the church say amen? Amen. And amen. God bless you. You may be seated here this evening. Amen. How good God is. God is so good to us. As we have just read of the great prince Zerubabel was appointed by God to rebuild the temple and the restoration of that temple was what God was was in the it was in the mind of God and nothing was going to stay that purpose. Now, Zerubbabel had laid the foundation and it is highly probable that he dug down to the original uh foundation, gathered the original stones, restoring the original foundation, and he was to bring forth the headstone. Amen. Not the cornerstone, but it would be the headstone, as brother Brandham would put it, the capping stone. And now there was much opposition against this restoration. Amen. It wasn't going to be easy. Though Zerubabel was anointed of the Lord to do this, he was called of God to do that. But there were going to be many obstacles in the way. There were going to be the sand ballots and the the Chaldans. There were going to be many there to stop what God had in his mind. Amen. and stop the purpose of God. And it had got to the point to where the naysayers had actually convinced the king to stop and put a halt to this reconstruction of the temple. Amen. Those who were working were a little they had grown weary. They had seen the hand of God upon Zerubbabel, but yet they had grown weary in their Amen. in all of the fighting. And Zerubbabel himself had even a man gotten a little bit discouraged. And amen wondering if maybe it wasn't going to happen. But then the Lord comes and he says, "I I want you to go and tell Zerubabel that my hand is upon him. I want Zerubabel to know," Amen. that I have called him and ordained him not to just start the work but to finish this wonderful work. And God would look at all of the opposition and God would say, "Who art thou, oh mountain? Who art thou that would stand in the way, the hindrances, the enemy that is trying to stop what I have already purposed in my own mind and decreed? Well, can you say amen? I just want to say right now, Satan is in a losing battle when he tries to stop what God has already started. If God starts the work, God's going to finish the work because God's already seen the beginning from the end. God has already declared it and God's purposes will stand. Aren't you glad when grace steps in? Amen. Grace steps in in the most discouraging time. Grace steps in when it looks like all hope is gone. Grace steps in. And when it when it looks like everything is going to fail and falter, grace steps in and says, "Amen. Who do you think you are, oh great mountain? Who do you think you are? Thou shalt become a plain and grace shall bring you low." Well, can you say amen? I I I hear the Lord looking there at his discouraged servant. Amen. And that great prince and he's telling him, "Amen. And I want you to march on, Zerubabel. Amen. All shall be made smooth and plain before thee. Have I not called thee? Will I not remove every obstacle out of thy way? How many believe God is a way maker here tonight? Amen. Maybe you're looking, maybe there's something in your way. Maybe there's some discouragements that you're fighting. Maybe you've got a sickness that the doctor says, amen, that you can't get over. But we've already heard testimonies this weekend of what God can do because grace is mighty. Now we know of course there is a greater implication here as the candlesticks were a type of the seven ages. Amen. But specifically the finishing up of the mystery. Amen. He said that this temple must be finished. Amen. And I I I I believe that that comes to this generation, amen, the anointing upon a restoration prophet to lay again the foundations, amen, that have went into rubble, but also to bring the capstone, the headstone, amen, as we heard so beautifully preached here this morning. And it was going to be, as brother Brandham would say, amen. Not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the headstone with the shoutings and cryings, grace, grace unto it. Can you say amen? I I I want to say that this is the Lord's doings here. Amen. What God has been doing throughout these seven church ages has not been man's ideas. It has already been planned and ordained of God. God has already put it into motion. God gave it to us through the seals. He showed it to us through the church ages. We have seen, amen, that God knew the obstacles were going to be there. Amen. God knew the obstacles were going to be there when he said that he would have a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. God said that those would Amen. There's going to be a rapture. Do you believe you're a part of that rapturing generation? Amen. We should stand here tonight. Amen. With the grace crying out, Amen. I am there to make my words come to pass. Amen. Now, what is grace? Grace is unmmerited favor. Amen. Grace is the divine influence upon one's heart. Amen. The divine influence of God upon whom he would choose. Grace comes with a destiny. Amen. When grace sets its hand upon you. Amen. When God first calls you, then God has got a destiny for you. And there is nothing that is going to stop the divine grace of God in your life. Amen. I I want to I want to tell you young people that are present here this evening, grace has begun the good work in you and grace is going to bring the capstone in your life. Amen. Sovereign grace comes from a sovereign God. Grace belongs only to God. Amen. Grace doesn't belong to me. Grace doesn't belong to you. Grace belongs to God. Amen. Only a sovereign one can give grace. Amen. Where would any of you be if it had not been for the grace of God? Can I hear an amen? Amen. Only a sovereign one possesses supreme, unlimited, and ultimate power. He doesn't ask permission from someone else. He doesn't take a poll to see if he can win. But there is one. He's a sovereign one who has never lost a battle. He never will lose a battle. His words have always come to pass. His thoughts have always been correct. God has never had a new thought. God has never turned around and and thought, "Oops, I didn't see that one coming." God is God. God is sovereign. God knows the beginning from the ending. God knows you. Well, praise the Lord. I say God knew you before you were born. I say God knew you were coming and wanted you to be here. And he brought your great grandpa and great grandma together. He brought your mom and daddy together. He brought you together because he wants a certain people for this rapture. Amen. Is going to be a special class of people. It's going to be a people of divine grace through and through. There will be no works. There will be nothing you can add. There will be nothing you can take away. It'll be by divine grace upon your life. And that grace will bring the power of God. It'll bring the anointing of God. It'll take you through every valley. It'll bring you through every trial. It'll take you through because grace has called you. Can you say amen? You remember brother Benham would say sovereign grace is from a sovereign one. Sovereign grace from a sovereign one. What can it do? Grace, a sovereign can do what it wants to. Listen to this now. Sovereign grace can do can only be given by the sovereign God. God is sovereign. So he can give sovereign grace. Therefore, being sovereign, grace don't ask anybody. I It don't have to. It does what it wants to. Isn't that wonderful? It don't ask, "Can I do this? Shall I do this?" Amen. Can I? Must I? Will I? It doesn't do it. It does it itself because grace is sovereign. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. He says, "Therefore, he can save the voust. He can save the worst. He can save the impurst. He can save the immoralist. He can heal the sickest. He can do what he wants to. Hallelujah. Amen." So God is the one who can give grace. Oh, hallelujah. Now, I can give grace. Amen. I can put my name on the line for somebody and I've done that before. Amen. I've I've stuck my neck out and said, "I'll vouch for him." Amen. But when it came time, they failed, man. And I wasn't able to. Amen. I wasn't able to deliver. But when God says there's going to be a bride, and when you fail, God says, "I've got it taken care of. [Applause] When God says, "I'm going to heal the sickest among you." And when you get sick, God says, "I have got it taken care [Music] of." When your mind is playing tricks on you, amen, and you're in menopause and it seems like the enemy is fighting you, Amen. And it seems your world is coming against you. I want to let you know the grace of God that called you as a young woman is still with you today. The grace of God that ordained you is still right there with you. Grace has called you and grace will keep you. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. The prophet says, "Grace, God brought grace into your life by his love for us." Here's something else grace can't do. Grace cannot be bought. Grace cannot be sold. It's grace. It's by a sovereign. Yes, sir. You cannot bargain for it. God says you can say, "Well, God, I'll do so and so and you'll do this." You can't do that. God won't do it. You can't pull nothing out of God. God gives it to you by his grace. [Applause] Amen. Sometimes we think in this capstone age. Amen. That there's a lot of pressure on us. I've got to be good. The rapture's coming. Amen. I can't make a mistake. The rapture is coming. Amen. I I fall. I failed yesterday. The rapture's coming. I want to tell you, God knows who's going to be in that rapture. And God called you and placed your name in that book, and his grace will be there all the way. Amen. It's God's fairing nature. Amen. Grace is as old as creation itself. By grace, God favored man above all other nature. It was the grace of God. He could have had the son to preach the gospel. He could have called the moon. He could have called but he called humans. God favored humanity. God could have given the animal kingdom jurisdiction over the earth. But he didn't give the animal kingdom. He gave it to man. That was God's favor. Amen. By grace. It was Adam and Eve that God gave the keys to the planet earth. Authority and dominion was all was given to them over all of creation. Can you say amen? Amen. It was grace when God looked down and he saw Adam fail and he saw Amen. Eve fall. Amen. It was grace that God I tell you when it starts out with grace, it's going to end with grace. If God ever favored you in the beginning, God's still favoring you today. Well, can you say amen? Hallelujah. Brother Brandon would talk about the sovereign uh God. Amen. And how that that grace was put to the test. God had favored man and God had shown his grace and given him authority and given him the planet that he had built specifically for him. And now it is being put to the test. And brother Brandham says, "Oh, how terrible that morning. Darkness hanging in the garden. I'll imagine the fog of black sackloth. I'd imagine every leaf never moved. There were no wind stirring. It was darkness and terrible because sin had blotted out. There come Jehovah down like a roar of thunder, walking through the garden, crying, "Adam, where art thou?" That's when Adam realized he was naked and had sinned before God. He hid himself and tried to make himself a religion, but it didn't work. God killed some sheep and took the skins and showed that something had to die to cover. And joining church will never cover sin. No dryeyed confession will ever cover sin. It takes sorrow and repentance and the grace of God to cover sin. Can I hear an amen? Amen. Don't hide your sin from God. Don't you sweep your sin under the under the rug. Don't hide your sin. Amen. when grace is. Oh, I know what it's like to to fail somebody. I know what it's like to hurt my wife. I know what it's like to hurt my church. I know what it's like to hurt my children. Amen. And sometimes it's hard for me to Amen. to be able to lift up my eyesh because I've hurt somebody. And brother, that's the way it is with God. There's none of us that want to hurt God. There's none of us that want to go against his word. Well, can you say amen? But when you fail, don't go running from God. Uh because the grace that favored you in the beginning is the grace that is running after you with mercy and power and [Music] forgiveness. Can you say amen? Amen. Satan will tell you, "Well, you'll never make it. You'll never make the rapture." But I say it's to those who can look in the mirror and say you're wrong and you've got to bring it to God for judgment. Can you say amen? Amen. Now he said you can never but it takes sorrow and repentance and the grace of God to cover sin for the blood of Jesus Christ the one that God killed at Calvary to cover sin there in the garden that morning when sin was so black and Jehovah come in there stood his couple standing condemned there would be no more human race they had to die death on the human race give the world back to the wild beast and there would be no human race. But in that darkest of hour, in that time when all hopes was gone, grace came pouring through and said, "I'll give you a savior, a Messiah." It's a wonder how God could ever do it. God's amazing grace in the Garden of Eden that come that give them the promise of a just one who would come through the woman. the woman's seed shall be bruised or shall bruise the serpent's head, the guilty one and his head shall uh bruise her heel. To to show that there would be an affliction to the church, but he promised a triumph. I'm going to read it again. To show there would be an affliction to the church, but he promised a triumph. He provided a savior grace. How could they show the to merit grace? What could they show to do it? army expression. Excuse it. I I only want to make it from my pull pit to make a point. Passing the buck, Adam, the woman, you give me did it. The woman said, "The serpent beguile me." One lady to another. There is no hopes for them. But God provided grace and it come breaking through. And he says, "I'll make a way somehow. I'll save you regardless. You've done wrong. You've trespassed my laws. My laws will have to be, but judgment from my laws will have to be executed. Therefore, I'll have to be there will have to be death. Can you say amen? Amen. Come on. Now you say now although he's talking about the capstone, well, we need to understand the foundation because the foundation was grace. When God called you and favored you and brought you in, there had to be Brother Kevin, you couldn't pick yourself up by your bootstraps. Come on. You were alcoholics, druggies. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brother Matt right here, he was kicked out of Louisiana camp. Hallelujah. I ain't going to tell you why, but Hallelujah. He needed grace. Amen. When brother Tim Prince Grace had ran out for the camp, he had to go back home. But God's grace was still there. Amen. Grace. You see, it takes grace in your salvation. There is nothing you can do to earn the love of God. Amen. If there's somebody in here, amen, that says, "I I would be a Christian if I could quit this. I would be a Christian if I could do that." Listen, you're missing the whole point. You would not need a savior if you could do it yourself. You would not need a redeemer if you could do it yourself. You need the blood of Jesus Christ. And grace gave you blood. Grace gave you mercy. Grace came in its power and set you free. Can you say man? It was grace in your beginning and it's grace in your ending. [Applause] Amen. Grace came breaking through and said, "I'll make a way somehow regardless. I'm going to save you." Can you say, "Amen." There was only one just way. There was only one way that could be. God's great law demands could be mad. He had to meet it himself. He had to do it. God is a spirit. He can't die. So God had to be made man. And he died in a human flesh in the form of a man called Jesus Christ. That was the promised Messiah that brought the grace. And there where you see that God in Christ is the same person. God dwelling in Christ. I and my father are one. My father dwells in me. Not me that speaketh the word, but my father that dwelleth in me. God in Christ. Certainly grace was promised in the Garden of Eden, and grace came. Grace to Adam and Eve. Nowhere to go, know which way to turn. Yet grace made a way. Hallelujah. Papa seen the destruction before the destruction was even a word. Papa seen sin before sin was even a term. before the effects of sin. Come on, before the complexes, before your battles, before your lust problem, before your divorce, before your whatever it was, God seen you in your fallen condition. Amen. [Applause] Come on. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. I know it's simple. Good preaching. But before sin was ever invented, the Bible says God already had a lamb slain. Why? Because God is a God of grace. and God was going to do whatever it took because he had favored you. It's unmarited. It's a love that you can never get rid of. You're never too good. You're never too bad. You can do nothing to spurn the grace and favor. Oh, y'all listen to me. You say, "Brother, but I don't want to send my day of grace away." I want to tell you, there is a bride who will never send her day of grace away. She cannot send her day of grace away. She is in his mind eternally. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Before sin came, there was a spotless lamb provided. And grace marked you by predestination. It don't matter the depths of sin that you were born into. It don't matter the family you're born into. The markings of grace would be forever more upon your soul because God has a divine purpose and a divine plan for you. I praise the Lord. Ephesians 1:44, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children to Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Brother Brandham would say, who did it? God. When did he do it? Before the foundation of the world. Then if we came in in in an illegitimate birth through Eve's corruption, making us all her children and subject to death, then the sovereign God has to make a way to redeem his children. He said, "All the father given me will come to me, and no man can come unless my father draws him." Oh my. Now, where's your big thing that you've done? You never done nothing. You ought to be ashamed. It's God who done all things. Amen. Good. It was God. It was grace in your foundation and it's going to be grace in your capping. it. Well, but now I know a lot, brother Wendle. Now I I I I I know a lot. I But though the Bible says, having done the will of God, having done all that you know to do, then you still come before God as unprofitable servant. You have just earned yourself one big zero. There is nothing that you can do. There's not a sermon you can preach. There's not a song you can sing. There's not a you you cannot earn the salvation of God. boys. If you're ever going to be in heaven, it's got to be because of grace. I don't care how good-looking you are. I don't care how much muscle you have. I don't care what you've got to offer. You are bound for hell unless you accept grace. You are doomed without mercy unless you accept grace. But thank God for grace. [Applause] Can you say that? It was grace that saved you, boys. It's grace that's brought you into your home. It's grace that you're raised in a church. It's grace. Oh, can you say amen? It was grace in the foundation. It's going to be grace in your finishing. Yeah. Is he not the author and the finisher? Romans 8:28, we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. Did I not just tell you grace cannot fail? When Adam and Eve blew it, God moved everything in order to redeem. And when God says that every one of you are predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son, that is a decree that my grace is upon thee. Well, praise the name of the Lord. My grace is there. Amen. there in first uh uh there in Philippians 1 and6 being confident of this very thing that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ Hallelujah why didn't the word come with shoutings of good works why didn't the capstone the glory of the Lord come with shoutings you better behave Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord, brother. There is no lawkeeping church joining, turning of a new leaf. There is none of your holiness. You can do nothing to perfect yourself. Well, bless the Lord. Oh, you say, "But I quit lying and I quit stealing and I quit drinking and I quit gambling and I go to church and I've been baptized and I pay my tithe and I speak in tongues and I work miracles." That is not a sign of God's favor upon your life. That is not a sign. Are you hearing me? There's only one sign of God's favor and that's by predestination. That seed on the inside of you, Amen, that is screaming out, I must prevail. I Oh, can you say amen? I know Esau, Amen, might have came out first, but you got a hold of his heel and you're saying, I need that birthight. I'm anointed for this. I'm anointed to overcome. I'm anointed to Praise the Lord. I'm anointed. Amen. Why didn't the word come in this last day with shoutings of spiritual gifts? Manifestation of the supernatural. Amen. Because gifts and manifestations will never be able to accomplish the end. In fact, the scripture says there'll come a time where prophecy and tongues and everything will have its end. But grace can never have its end. Can you say amen? The 1906 Isusa phenomenon, Amen, gave us wonderful gifts and powerful manifestations. circled the globe and it was a glorious time. It was a glorious thing. Amen. But we found that there were partakings of good and evil. Amen. There were evil men that was using the gifts and there were good men using the gifts. What was meant for good become an entrapment. Satan's influence once again was taken over. Amen. And bringing man under captivity by denominationalism. Can you say amen? Amen. It got to the point, Amen. where we are just as as Peter said, wells without waters, cloud with no rain, carried with a tempest, with great swelling words of vanity, alluring through the lust of the flesh and promising liberty, yet servants of corruption. Amen. They try to make merchandise of you. Can you say amen? That the leotysian age would be lawless. Amen. without the word having any kind of effect. But not if it were not for grace. Where would this bride be? You would be just a leotician in some kind of a church membership. You would be some kind of a leotardian. Amen. Stuck somewhere out. Amen. But grace came in. Grace showed up. Gray. Oh, can you say amen? I was a Pentecostal. But then grace appeared to Wendle Martin. I speak in I still speak in tongues, but it wasn't enough. Grace had to come to Wendle Martin. Well, can you say amen? Amen. I've seen miracles. I've had manifestations, but that wasn't enough. But God sent us the headstone. He sent us his word. He sent us his power. His grace brought about that authority to the believer. [Applause] If not for grace, your home would be a cage of every hateful bird. Your kids would be drugged up monsters and out of their minds. Well, praise the Lord. So, we needed more than just a gift. This day demands sons of authority. And as brother Jonathan was preaching this morning, oh, glory to God. What a powerful message, huh? Amen. You see, there there is that there is that grace that God has given us. Now, I want us to look here as as brother Brandham would would talk about the influence upon the earth. And he would say, "Oh my friends, listen to thus sayaith the Lord. If you consider me to be his servant, it's just before the break of day. That's why this horrible gloom is over the earth. It's just before the coming of the Lord Jesus. There's no more hope left and nothing but is coming. Nations are against nations. They have fooled through God's laboratory till they have got the power to blow one another into atomic hashes. They're wicked. They're unreligious. They're uncristlike. Their only motive they have and objective is to destroy. They are inspired by the destroying angel that was sent from heaven to inspire these men. But let me say in the name of the Lord, the Holy Spirit has sent me as a watchman on the tower. Has these people cry, "What of the night?" Are you weary of this life? Are you weary of sin? Are you weary of funeral possessions and sickness, ungodliness on every hand? Has the night been long and weary? What of the night, watchmen? He says, "Morning comes." You see the comfort? Amen. The night is here, but the morning is coming. Now, when God foresaw in this last day that there was going to be that destruction angel, now that destruction angel wants to come near every one of our homes. Amen. They He does what it can. Amen. To to it filter your mind. Amen. You know, depression, depression is a is a sick devil. It It's a demon that comes and and brings about and wears on your mind. Amen. And if you're not careful, Amen. that old devil will will it'll it'll it'll take you into a a dark corner. Amen. It'll make you think that no one likes you and that this one's upset with you. That one's Amen. doesn't like you. And before you know it, Amen. It pulls you into a into a closet. It pulls you into a dark placeh. And then it begins to turn on you. Amen. And then Amen. And then it turns on you and tells you how bad you are, how ugly you are, how unworthy you are. I say that devil is a sorry devil. And that devil tries his best. Amen. To fight these these men and women, the bride of Jesus Christ. I wonder just right now in this building, how many has been fighting mind battles? Just just just just general mind battles. Raise your hand. Amen. Look at all of this. Amen. Put your hands back down. How many's been fighting depression? Amen. How many fights depression? Amen. It's okay to raise your hand. Amen. See all how Satan comes in and he wants to make you feel that you're unworthy, that you're not loved, that you're subpar. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. It's a destruction devil. Amen. It's a destruction devil that has brought this pornography into our I into our circles and even infiltrated inside our churches. Amen. Until men, Amen, are looking at it. Amen. And in these days, there are women that are looking because there is a destruction devil that wants to tear you up. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. It makes your wife feel, Amen. dirty. It makes you feel dirty. It makes everyone feel like they're unworthy. Amen. And it's a spirit we allow on the inside of our homes. But I want to tell you today, amen, that that mighty, that mighty capstone is not just a slang. It's not just a saying. It's not just a doctrine in the message church, but that capstone is authority. That capstone is God laying claims on his sons and daughters. It's God coming out in grace and saying, "Leave them [Applause] alone. That's grace." Amen. Amen. You get lost on that internet. Amen. It's a destruction angel. It's a destroying angel wanting to destroy your marriage until divorces have become pretty common in our message circles. Amen. Why? Because there is a destroying angel. Are you hearing me? But grace. Grace. Hallelujah. He doesn't want you just being a headless woman. He doesn't want the church without headship. He doesn't want the church just satisfied with feelings and emotions. Praise the Lord. Satan wants you on emotions. Satan loved the 1906 because it produced motions. And Satan got into the emotions and he could act out. He could do whatever he wanted to do. He could be living with somebody else's wife and still speak in tongues. He could be out preaching and still Well, come on, church. You might as well help me preach. That was what the devil wanted. Amen. Can you say amen? Will you hear me? But then grace. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. But then grace, grace says, "Oh great mountain, who do you think you are? [Music] [Applause] Oh, great mountain trying to stop God's elect trying to stop this rapture, trying to stop sunship, trying to stop the anointing of the word. Who are you that resists the plan of God? [Applause] You say amen. Amen. Yes, sir. But when the destruction angel is here, he says, now Ro, Revelations 10 says, but I saw another mighty angel. Now, those destruction angels are mighty angels. Those destruction angels, they're mighty. Oh, yeah, they're mighty. But I saw another mighty angel. and he was clothed with a cloud. [Applause] I saw another mighty angel. There's the angel of destruction. There's the angel that's going to destroy this earth once you're out of here. There's the angel that is anointing this world and the movies and all of that. It's anointing it. But God says, "I saw another mighty angel, not to bring you in bondage, not to cause you to go to prison, but to bring you in authority. [Applause] There was another mighty angel and he was clothed in a cloud. He was a rainbow covenant. the one. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. When brother Brandham talks about that rainbow there in in Revelations the 4th chapter, he says it was the fulfillment. It wasn't just the promisegiver, but now it's the fulfillment, the full rainbow. We've only saw half the rainbow. We've only g the promise. There is a promise. But there around that throne is the full rainbow. The one who gave it is the one who's going to keep it. The one who's called you has now brought you to himself. The one who said, "I'm going to take you back to Eden." is the same one who has kept his word. Can you say amen? There was another mighty angel. This mighty angel was clothed with a cloud. and he put one foot on land and he put one foot on sea. Now, my way of thinking, there's a reason why it was symbolic of the land and sea because there was a beast that come up out of the land, the USA, Hollywood. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. and all of the sin, the perversions. And there was a beast that come up out of the multitudes, peoples, tongues, Rome. Can you say amen? And these have ruled over you. Denominationalism has ruled over you. And it has kept you in a prison house. It has kept you under its authority. It has kept you under Satan don't mind you coming to this tent as long as you don't accept the headship of this word. Well, can you say amen? And there's going to be many that comes in and hears it, but they're not going to accept the headship of the word. But it could be because that's not what they came from. But God's got a seed. God don't You might not know who's all out here. I might not know who who is who out here. But God planted a seed. God predestinated your soul. God placed his word in you before there was even [Applause] sin. Oh, I'm feeling good about right now. Hallelujah. Because that Amen. that mighty cloud. Can you put that cloud up? I wonder. Do y'all have that cloud? Amen. When that cloud Amen. It's not just a cloud. It is grace. It is grace. [Music] It's God coming and opening the book and giving you authority to overcome the who have vowed to kill you and destroy [Applause] [Music] you. But you know what? That cloud is a magnet. That cloud's a magnet. I said, "God's got a magnet up in the sky. It ain't going to call the dirt. It ain't going to call the rocks. It ain't going to call the sticks. It ain't going to pick up anything else. But those eternal seeds that were in God before the foundation of the world, when this magnet comes, it's pulling you up. It's pulling you out of pornography. It's pulling you out of cesspools of sin. It's pulling you out. Come on, church. Amen. What are we doing? We are like him. Oh, church of the living God. If you could understand, you're not begging God for grace. His grace is here. You're not begging God for mercy. His mercy is here. You're not begging God for anything. Stand upon the promise that God has given you. Is there anybody under the tent can shout grace, grace, grace, grace, grace. It's grace. [Applause] Oh, can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. Do you remember God's three-fold purpose? Yes, sir. What was the three-fold purpose? God revealing himself in Christ. Having preeminence in his body, taking us away to Eden. What can you say? Amen. What's the three stages of the rapture? The shout, the revealing of God in flesh, well, the trumpet message of a prophet coming in and declaring the word and gathering the elect. What's the second phase of the rapture? The voice, the preeminence in the bride. She under her messenger becomes the final voice. Hallelujah. Amen. I had to do a lot of editing to my sermon. I I I I was all all when brother Jonathan I I was having a hard time amening him and then I'd sit down and say, "Ain't going to do it again." And then I was back on my feet again. Hallelujah. Brother Jonathan was preaching all over my sermon this morning. Hallelujah. So I I I I but I I I just want to deal with the grace part here tonight. Amen. Listen to me. Amen. The preeminence in the bride. Now Now listen. What is the first stage of the rapture? The shout. The shout, the message, the headstone coming down. Come on now. Amen. And that headstone anointing a bride, God having preeminence within her. Amen. What does this mean? We talk about it. We sing about it. We amen it. What does this mean? It means the word is going to live in your body. Yes, sir. Amen. That means the word takes preeminence. Can you say amen? Of course, we're waiting for the physical return, the trumpet to sound, the trump of God, the resurrection, the catching away. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Now, I want us to look here because the bride eating the book and now taking on its identification. And we're fixing to have a prayer line here here before long now. And we are to live under the inspiration of that mighty angel. Now watch that mighty angel again. The mighty angel clothed in a cloud. That's the rainbow covenant. That's angel of the covenant. He's come with a book in his hand that is open. It is your inheritance. It is God telling you you have authority through the anointing that is upon this earth. Yes, sir. All right. Come on. And you're going to overcome. Now, as they said this morning or or either this morning or last night, the headship of Christ must rest upon the body of Christ. And the church is God's earthly strength. It is God's earthly Can you say amen? What does this mean? That there is authority laying in you. Come on. There is an authority. You might not feel it. You might not understand it. You might Well, praise the Lord. But that authority is there by God's grace. Praise the Lord. I was thinking as as brother Jonathan had had had quoted the quote on the inspiration and I thought about that inspiration and how that amen that the these men amen were living under the the inspiration and that the bride can do nothing than the powers that were released to her. and and and and brother Brandham would talk about those that whether they was under the lion, ox, or man anointing. Amen. They were under the inspiration, the spirit of God, the power. And he says, "And don't forget this church. You brethren are on tapes. I want you to examine this. How could men do anything else besides the power of God that has been released to them? If God sends a certain spirit among them, that's the only thing they can work by is the spirit that works among them. And I will prove to you by the history of the church and by the opening of the seals and the powers they let loose. Exactly. The church responded to the anointing and they couldn't do nothing else. It was grace. Well, can you say amen? Amen. Oh, if we could if we could just come under the grace now as we are as we are turning a page and just sort of another area real quick. The inspiration of this message is not dos and don'ts. The inspiration of this message is [Music] not it. We already had the dos and the don'ts. We already had all of those things. I was raised in and in in the apostolic circles. We had that down pretty good. Hallelujah. And uh listen, I could tell you stories about all the dos and the don'ts. But that could never produce anything. Right. But what this message has brought is an inspiration to set us free from the bondages, the yolks of denominationalism to make it a very clear and absolute picture of you and Christ. Do you know that that's what God is wanting right now? God is looking for fellowship. God's wanting fellowship right now. He's not wanting fellowship at church. He's not wanting fellowship uh uh uh you know just just when you when when you read your Bible once a month. But God is wanting fellowship with you on a daily basis. God's grace is here to restore fellowship. Yeah. Can you say amen? Now, brother, brother Brandham would say, now it's a the inspiration. He's talking about the inspiration on the earth. The unbeliever will never know anything about it. He says the natural will never be able to interpret the the the supernatural. Neither can the magician. And the astrologers ever uh read the handwriting on the raw. It took a spiritfilled man to do it. those astrologers couldn't could never read the unknown tongue and and they they had not the gift of the interpretation and know the supernatural. Therefore, they didn't know what it was about. They dillydallied around with the rock and roll parties and the shindigs and and this that and the other. And the gospel's just been neglected. They know nothing about the supernatural. They said, "But but" but he says, "But the spiritual people, the born again, knows that something's fixing to happen and they're happy about it because it's the coming of the Lord Jesus the second time for his church." Amen. It says, "But the unsaved, they don't know what it's all about. It seems, Amen. to be just a supernatural move." Can you say amen? There's nothing there to inspire. There's nothing there to relate. there's nothing there to respond with. But while you're in your trial, while you're in your situation, yet the grace of God's planted the seed of God to respond to that inspiration of God. Well, praise the Lord. Brother Brandon would talk about the Shounamite woman. He says the inspiration struck her. Amen. Now, now she here she was says, "When the woman realized that this inspiration was upon her, she obeyed exactly because she knowed it was in harmony with the supernatural." Now, here she was in her plague. She was in her She was in her bottom of the barrel. She was Amen. They were fixing to die. But when God sent the prophet, when God sent that anointing there, there was an inspiration that struck her and she suddenly obeyed that inspiration and brought about the results in her life. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He says, "What are you talking about, Brother Brandham? I'm trying to base your faith on a level with God being almighty, supreme, all powerful, and omnipotent. He hasn't changed. His nature doesn't change. My nature may change. Yours might change, but God's nature will never change. If he's still the great God, Jehovah, that created the heavens and the earth and had all powers in his hand, he's still that same Jehovah tonight. If he's almighty God, he can do all things. If he can't do all things, he's not almighty God. Inspiration tells you that. Reasonings will say it's not so. But inspiration says it's so. And inspiration from the soul and not from the mind. Can you say amen? Now, as we begin to think here this evening and we begin to think about this, whatever you have need of, preachers are going to lay their hands upon you. But there's not a man that has any kind of a power. We're just obeying the inspiration. The inspiration that is here today is bringing about it's the same miracle working God that has saved you in the beginning is that same miracle working God to heal your bodies. Can you say amen? Now, talking about this inspiration, Brother Brandham would say, "No matter how religious you are, how many churches you belong to, how many books your name's on, if that genuine Holy Ghost is in you, which is the word manifested, you'll see the message in the hour because it's the Holy Ghost that does it." But there has to be something like that off that inspiration to strike you. If you pour water on the ground, on the ground on the ground, there's no seed there in there to strike it. How can it ever bring forth anything? There's nothing there to bring it. Someone shout hallelujah. That is that only the elect will see it. The elect of God seen it in Noah's time, Moses time, Jesus' time, Apostles time, Luther's time, Wesley's time, Pentecostal time, because that was the seed that was on the earth when this inspiration was poured out. Now, when the inspiration's poured out together, the bride together, it's only those who are elected will see it. Oh, I want y'all now, now, don't get tired on me quite yet because we're fixing to I I want you to really catch this. When the inspiration is spoil is beginning to be poured out, the anointing is there to strike that seed. What are you feeling during these meetings? What are you What are you feeling right now? It's the inspiration upon that word that is bringing it to life. Can you say amen? Now, when the inspiration Amen. Now, brother Brennham would say, Jesus said, "I thank thee, Father, that thou has hid these things from the wise, eyes of the wise and prudent, and revealed it to babes such as we'll learn." Now inspiration has to strike that. Amen. When the inspiration struck him, it did it. He had it then. That and we find out there comes a time when these crisises when the press is right on and you look today and look at the condition we're living in. Aren't we living in a modern Sodom and Gomorrah? Hasn't the world come back? That was a gentile world that was destroyed then by fire. Didn't Jesus say in St. Luke 17:28? Amen. 29 and 30. As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the revealing or the coming of the son of man. When the son of man is being revealed, what is revealed? It's a secret made known. A revelation is to reveal or make known a secret. And these things have been hid all through the church ages is now being made known. Revealed. Can you say amen? Now, what does this mean? What what what does this mean? It is a time of release. It is a time. Amen. As brother Jonathan was saying this morning is a time where God steps and says time shall be no more. It's the season that God is doing his claiming work. And that claiming work, what is the claiming work? Do do you do you believe sugar diabetes is of the Lord? Do you believe Amen. A high blood pressure is of the Lord. Cancer is of the Lord. It the sickness didn't come from God. That's part of the curse. The anointing is here. [Music] The revelation is here. Yes, sir. Saying that he is here. Can you say amen? It's a time of release. It's the time when broken if where destruction, Amen. every power of destruction is to let loose. This is time grace is reaching. Amen. Coming to its pinnacle. Oh, don't you just love him here tonight? Amen. Oh, I love the Lord Jesus here tonight. Now, amen. As we get ready, I'm going to turn it back to your pastor here in just a minute. If you know that the anointing is here, what do what what do I say when I say grace? Grace to the capstone? That means I'm accepting it through faith. All right? If grace is here, the Bible says that we have access into this grace by faith. This grace must be accessed by faith. Oh, glory to God. Go ahead. If grace is here, then it behooves me to reach out in faith to access that. Did you notice that the that that that the Bible said that in this leodyian church, Christ would be knocking on a door? Did you know that brother Brandham says that that fa that you're you have the door of faith? and that you've got to open that door of faith. You got Hallelujah. We can all Oh, brother, if we could just see God's grace. Now, we we've had it painted all under this tent for the last Amen. Five services. We've we've It's been wonderful. It's been glorious. But what I'm wanting you to do tonight is just open that door of faith and walk into God's great big arcade and say, "God, I want everything that you have given me." [Applause] If this great anointing has brought all things, if this great anointing has placed the book back in my hands, if this great anointing has opened up who I am, then let me open that door of faith, let me walk in and have access into that grace. [Applause] Hallelujah. Access into that grace. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. Access. That means you're going to have to believe God. Amen. I don't care what kind of a mind battle you're going through right now. I'm going to believe God. Amen. Brother Sean talked about my mama the other day and how that she had to go. Amen. She went for nine months. Nine months just and she's getting weaker and weaker. Amen. And and her platelets she couldn't she her platelets just kept dropping and dropping and she was going through transfusions. Amen. and and and blood transfusions there and take an all day deal. Then she was having to have infusions and she was having and my mama's a woman of faith. Amen. She loved God and she's had all kinds of miracles, but it wasn't happening. It didn't seem like it was happening the first month, the second month, the third month. But mama had to keep on. She had to keep that word. She had to understand that that headship meant more to her than cancer. That headship had to mean more to her than her pain. That headship had to mean more to her than what she was feeling. And she kept on acclaiming. She kept on acclaiming. She kept Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, every time she'd go to the doctor, do she would say, "Oh, doctor." Amen. What's it look like? The doctor says, "Listen, you're going to have this the rest of your life." Amen. If you're going to stay alive, you're going to have to we're going to give you these these these shots. And she was having these shot. I mean I mean we're talking about tens of thousands of dollars a month. Amen. Just for mama to stay alive. Amen. It was it was a bad situation. But there was one day Oh, hallelujah. There was one day you walked into that office and the doctor said, "Oh my goodness, your platelets are so far out the roof. What was it?" She stand there under the inspiration. She chose to obey the inspiration that was upon the earth. Somebody's got to fight to obey. Somebody's got to fight. Amen. To stand for your rights. Just because the headship has come does not mean it's all handed to you. That simply means you've got the word of authority. Fight. [Music] That's right. Brother Merl Applegate back here in the back, the blue shirt. Amen. He had been diagnosed with hyper thyroid and um and and I'm telling you, he had got down to skin and bones. I mean, he had got down to so much. Hallelujah. And it and it he he would he couldn't eat. Anytime he'd eat, he'd throw up, smell food, whatever. He just it was just it was just it was so bad. Hallelujah. Taking medication but there he was and he went for months and months and months. Hallelujah. Oh my. But but he was standing there. He kept on claiming God says by his stripes I am healed. Now back in in in any other age it was all there but we are under an inspiration. This inspiration that is upon the bride. What? What do you What are you talking about? I'm saying there is a prophet ministry that has placed you in the Bible and has told you who you are. You are not. It used to be that God would raise up a Smith Wigglesworth or God would raise up this great man or that great man. But we are in the finality. We're not in a one-man ministry anymore. We're in the blood of Jesus Christ. And we're all standing there fighting the devil for our rights. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Merl, Sister Lee would tell on him from time to time. She'd call me, "He's not listening. He's he's he's out doing this." Brother Merl wasn't going to let that devil keep him down. Hallelujah. He just kept on confessing. She called me one day and there she says, "Man, he just walked in the door and just fell out. He's he's he's hang he's halfway in and halfway out." Brother Window, I we got to have an answer. Amen. And there there he was. And we all gathered together. You remember that? We all we all went over and prayed with brother Merl. Amen. And believe and I want to tell you right now, God touched brother Merl. He is not There he is standing there with his hands up. No medication. He was going to have to have that medication the rest of his life. when God God's grace grace came on him. Oh my. But it took a fight. It took a fight. It took a fight. It's going to take a fight. It's going to take a fight. Can you see? Amen. Amen. It's going to take a fight. But it's grace. Grace is here. Grace is here. Put yourself in that. Put yourself in that cloud. Put yourself under that inspiration. Can you say amen? Amen. I looking there at dad. Dad's got that Parkinson's and that that Parkinson's is just whooping on him. Hallelujah. And and and dad would go down. Amen. He he got to where he couldn't even he couldn't walk. He couldn't he he his legs weren't moving. They Parkinson's effects. Amen. the neurolog the nerves the neurological uh part of your body and he just he he he just things weren't working but he just kept on believing. Amen. The other day he got up. He was now listen he he he was he he he was in a walker and he wasn't even doing much on that walker. He couldn't get he couldn't move. Hallelujah. But the other day he got up took off a walking without without his without his cane. We told him, "Put your cane. Take your cane with you." Amen. And but that and he's still he's still here tonight. He's got his cane. Now, now you say, "Well, yeah, but he's still moves a little weird." And he's still he's still Listen, he's fighting. He's [Music] fighting. Are you young people listening to me? He has made every service under this tent. You know why? Because he's fighting for his inheritance. You know what I believe? I believe grace has given him his healing. The devil might want to give it back. And it might be a fighting, but it's already done. Thou mountain, who are you? Who are you to resist this grace? Who are you to resist my faith? God gave me this grace. God gave me this authority. God gave me this open book. [Applause] Can you say amen? I'm going to obey that inspiration. I'm under that headship. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? Hannah McLaren. Hannah Wallace. Hallelujah. She was a McLaren. Amen. Wanted the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Told this a few times, but she's wanted the baptism of the Holy Ghost when she was a kid. Amen. And she'd come to that Louis she she made up her mind. She was going to go to Louisiana camp. She was going to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. She had been fasting and praying. She gets down there. Amen. She wasn't eating even there at camp. And she was staying all day long. She'd come to service after service wanting the Holy Ghost while everyone else is out playing. Amen. She was right there in in in in in her seat seeking the Holy Ghost. She wanted the Holy Ghost. First service, second service, third service, fourth service, fifth service. Amen. And it didn't seem like she was going to get the Holy Ghost, but she knew that God gave her that promise. She knew that God and she was willing to put up a fight. What I'm thinking today is there's not enough of us that want to fight. We don't want to fight for the blessings. We don't want to fight. But brother Jonathan brought it out so beautifully. And I know I'm just repeating a lot of stuff that he's already said here this morning, but I just want to tell you, Amen. You got to fight. Amen. You've got to fight for this. The prince of the power of the air is not going to let you into those heavenly places. They're not going to let you just walk in. They're not. But I'm here to tell you that cloud gave you permission. That cloud gave you authority in saying go on you will win. Fight. Fight for your God-given right. Fight against that depression. Fight against that cancer. Fight. Can you say amen? [Music] And that faith will bring you into access to the grace that has been given in this day. Oh God. Can you say amen? Amen. We had a lady in our church who's been Amen. her her her pancreas is not working. So, they're having to give her enzymes. Amen. Weekly enzymes and give her shots because it's not working. Hallelujah. And she'd been struggling in and out of the hospital. Been in the hospitals a lot and just oh am I. But during the Oklahoma camp, hallelujah. During that prayer line, she didn't even go through the prayer line. She was holding the babies for somebody else to go through the prayer line. And she said something came down and touched her. She went back to the doctor on that Monday to get her her routine shot. And the doctor says, "Oh my, your pancreas is increased. They are making it it's making its own enzymes." Went back the second week. Wow, it's making its own enzymes. Amen. Told him, "Don't even come back. Your pancreas is just fine. But it took a [Music] [Applause] fight. Come on, church. How many fighters do we have in the building? We got to fight for this. My wife was having high blood pressure. Amen. She She had high blood pressure for so long and she was so mad when I took her in. Amen. Can y'all still hear me? Amen. I when I took her into the doctor to go get her pray uh go go go get her some medicine. And uh and and and so she was mad when she got in there. She didn't want to talk to the doctor. Amen. And I So I was doing the talking. I said, "Listen, her blood pressure is 200 and something over aund and something." And I said, "Listen, I can't hardly live with her anymore." Hallelujah. And that rain can stop anytime it wants to. Hallelujah. And so, amen. We're going to preach this message whether the devil wants it or [Applause] not. So, my wife was mad. Where is my wife? Hallelujah. There's my She was mad and uh I drugg her in there. And uh I I drug her in there. And so we we went to the uh so you know we we got the doctor. Doctor comes in and says, "What what are you crying for?" She said, "I don't want to be here." He goes, "Well, I understand. That's fine." And amen. And and uh uh he says, "But listen, honey." Amen. The world, she says, "I don't want to take no medicine." He says, "Listen, honey. The world is on drugs. You'll be just fine." And I said, "Yeah, amen. Take your medicine." So, she was taking her medicine for a while and and uh but she every time I turned around, she was just giving me fits. Brother, she said, "Wendle, I don't want to take this medicine. I believe God's going to heal me." And I I said, "I do too, but I got to live with you and you're going to have to Hallelujah." And so, uh uh but we were over at Manuel um Gonzalez's Salazar. Manuel Salazar's there in Hallelujah. there in in in New Mexico. Amen. and and the spirit of the Lord came working through that building. My wife said something just came over her. Oh, praise. What I'm trying to tell you is my wife went through turmoil. My wife had to fight a battle. My wife I it was it was a constant struggle and the devil telling her she did not have faith. But that night, grace came [Applause] in. Can you say amen? Well, we go to the motel room that night and I'm in bed and and and she comes in and she says, "You know, got prayed for tonight." And I said, "That's good. I know the Lord healed me tonight. That's good." sudden she was just being a little too happy. And I I got out of bed and I said, "Don't throw those pills away." She says, "Too late. I just flushed them." [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I said, "Jesse," she says, "When God has healed me. What God did for my wife, he can do for you. Grace, grace, grace to the capstone. grace to the word that has come back to you in this day. Oh, can you say amen? What can we say about brother Ron Spencer? Fighting that old devil for 5 years. 30s something scans telling him he's got those tumors. Come on now. And he just kept on fighting. Amen. He's kept on fighting. He's ke You know why? Because he's got permission to fight. This is the final age. This the sons of God have got to take authority. And it didn't happen the first prayer. It didn't happen the second. It didn't happen the first year. Come on now. Doctor told him he would be dead in four months. But he says he's believing another story. The story of grace. Come on. And you guys have probably heard the story, the good news that there are no tumors in his brain [Music] whatsoever. Grace, grace to the headstone. Can you say amen? [Music] if the musicians would [Music] come. Now, as we look at what he has promised us, I don't know what you have need of here today. And I know the devil will do anything to try to distract us. And I know that old devil that old devil's tried to do that here tonight. But I just want to say here tonight that God's grace is unlimited, unhampered. It is powerful. It is boundless. Can you say amen? If you can reach past, if you can look past your mountain here this evening, if you can look past that situation that is trying to keep you tethered to your stake and look at a promise that God has given, there's no telling what God will do for you here this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says, "Got to keep it. Got to keep that faith." He says, "The Holy Spirit is a gentleman. Don't let your Don't let your faith be turned one side or the other. Keep zeroed in now. Keep zeroed in for this is your night. Bless the Lord. Grace, grace. [Music] God, grace, grace that still pardens. [Music] Oh [Music] grace God [Music] great grace that is greater than all my sin. Oh, grace. It's God's grace. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] grace and cleans with me. Oh, grace. [Music] God's grace, grace that is greater than all my sin. Oh, praise. Hallelujah. God's grace. [Music] God grace. Grace that is greater than all. Sing it again. Oh [Music] grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God's grace. Grace that will pardon. If the ministers would just gather and form a line. Amen. [Music] all the ministers that would like to be a part of this. If you a believer in miracles, amen. Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. Amen. God's a miracle worker. Omnipotence is here with grace. Amen. And those that would like to be a part of the prayer line, we're going to start a line coming down this aisle here. And um and we will [Music] pray. Praise the Lord. if you want to just pass that oil around the ministers there. [Music] And Amen. these brethren have been anointed to lay hands on the sick. We we believe [Music] that. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. [Music] Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh. Oh, yes. Grace, grace, God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. [Music] Christ. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord, praise that he is gater. [Music] our sou [Music] you pardon and cleans within grace. Grace, God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. Oh, grace. Grace, God's grace, grace that will pardon and [Music] cle. Praise. grace. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Well, where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case and empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the [Music] sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know my I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case an empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case and empty place if not for grace. Precious Lord. Oh precious Lord, please take my hand. Lead me all let me stand. I was a hopeless gaze, an empty place. If not for grace. Thank you Lord. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Once again, amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I found a hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, oh mine, oh where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, no one knew how blown I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without [Music] you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. And one day someone told me of your mercies and the love you show on a hill called Calvary. There you purchase my redemption. And you broke sin's power, set my spirit free, and I'm amazed. Oh, that you love. How many can say that tonight? Oh, I'm amazed how you care. And through your preious blood I found pardoned. Oh, and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. Yes, it is true. There's been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray, but Lord, I learned your love is stronger than my weakness. [Music] And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. No other friend can ever be as close to me. Oh my. And I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Oh, and you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed. Yes, I am. Oh, that you love me. I'm amazed. Thank you, Lord, how you cared. And through your precious blood, I found [Music] pardon. Oh, and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. My chains, my chains are [Music] gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love. Amaz. Sing that again now. Oh, my chains are gone. Yes, they are. Oh, I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending [Music] love, amazing grace. Once again, now my chains are [Applause] gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has grant me and like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love. [Music] made. And why would I worry the giants come calling my [Music] name? I got so much bigger than troubles I face. Why would I hunger for power or riches or [Music] fame? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. I love this now. Oh, I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Because my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. You see my eneies scout cuz they know the battle is done. Yes, it is. My God is stronger. The victories already won. Yeah, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day because my God is greater than death, hell, and the grave. Oh, I won't be shen. No, I won't. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than [Music] you. Now my enemy is scattered. They know the battle is done. My God is stronger. The victories already won. Yeah. He died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Cause my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. Oh, I won't be shamed. God, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the [Music] mountain. It's time to [Music] move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger than you. [Music] There's no mountain too high, no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too short. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon to stroke. There is nothing for God. That's impossible. Oh, I won't be shen. How about it tonight? Oh, I won't be moved. Yes, I won't be. Our God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Cause my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. He's bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. Oh my, my God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the [Music] mountain. It's time to move cuz my God is big. Can you say it's better, stronger, greater? Oh, bigger. Better stronger. He is bigger. Do you believe it tonight? Oh, greater. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shaken. Hallelujah. Oh, I won't be moved. Thank you, Lord. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain to high. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high. No valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to be. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Thank you, Lord. He's faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. [Music] Oh my God. He's bigger, better, strong. Can you say it now? He is bigger, better, strong. Oh, he's [Music] bigger, greater than you. One more time now. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger. Oh, he's bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our God, will and our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Water. He's journey. Water. He's turned. Thank you, Lord. He's opened the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. None like [Music] you. And into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. No one like you. [Music] None like you. Our God is greater. Oh, our God's greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. know our God. And if our God is for us, and if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? If our God is for us, and who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, then what could stand against? Oh my, what could stand against? Our God and our God greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, sing it. Our God. And if our God is for us, and if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, then why stand against? If our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, then what could stand [Music] against? What could stand against? Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs. Sing that again now. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Our God is greater. And our God is greater. Yes, you are Lord God. You are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Yes, Lord. I'm coming back to the heart of worship when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. When the music fades and all are stripped away and I simply [Music] come, longing just to breathe something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself, it's not what you have [Music] required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my [Music] heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the fake I made. Thank you, Lord. It's all about you, Jesus. King of endless work. No one could express how much you [Music] deserve. I love this part. And though I'm weak and poor, oh my, all I have is yours. Every single [Music] breath. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself, it's not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of flesh. But it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made, but it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. It's all about you. It's all about [Music] you. Can you say that with me now? It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you. I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the heart of worship when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. And it's all about you. It's all about you, [Music] Jesus. You unravel me with a meloyy. You surround me with a song. of deliverance from my enemies until all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God from my mother's womb. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Love has called my name. I've been born again to a family. Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Thank you, Lord. I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. And you split the seas. You split the seas so I could walk right through them. My fear, the drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and say, I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of [Music] God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. I'll sing that again. Of God, I'm no [Music] longer. I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. You split the [Music] seas. You split the sea so I could walk right through him. My fears are drowned in perfect love. [Music] You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer Thank you, [Music] Lord. I am a child of God. I'm no longer slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. [Music] Somebody here needs an answer. to the questions, the fears, and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chains, and the [Music] lie. Feels like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still last in line. Feel like you're running will never be and you will never win. But I don't know who told you you could not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you it's time that you quit. My God says wait. It ain't over yet. [Music] Oh, somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the wise. Somebody here desperate for freedom from the past. the chains and the lies. Feels like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still last in line. Feels like you're running will never and you will never win. But I don't know who told you. Hallelujah. Can I make it? I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you. It's time that you quit. My God says, "Wait, it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. And this thing, this thing, Hallelujah. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. Now, this thing, it ain't over yet. Oh, somebody here needs an answer. Oh my to the questions, the fears, and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chase, and the lies. Feels like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lasting blind. Feels like you're running will never win. And you will never win. But I don't know who told you you could not make. How about it tonight? I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you. It's time that you quit. My God says, "Wait, it ain't over yet. It ain't over. Oh, it ain't over. Thank you, Lord. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. That this thing, it ain't over yet. [Music] Somebody here, oh my, needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the why. I was a wretch. Oh, I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of [Music] time. Sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divine touch. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had home. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed the wine. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me out of darkness into glorious light. And you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no steam and life has no wind for I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus, you have washed me white. Thank you Jesus, you have saved my life. You brought me out of darkness into glorious light. There is nothing. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wondering work power of the blood. The blood that call the sons and daughters. We are ransomed by the father through the blood. The blood. For there is nothing stronger than the wondering work power of the blood. The blood thou call the sons and daughters. We are risome by the father through the blood. The blood. [Music] Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus you have washed me wine. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. You brought me out of darkness to glorious. Can we sing that again now? Oh, thank you Jesus. The blood of Thank you. You have washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me out of darkness to glorious. Can you lift a hand and sing it now? And thank Are you thankful tonight? Oh my. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you, Jesus. save my life. You brought me out of darkness to glorious life. Oh may always be my song of praise. Oh it was [Music] grace that brought my liberty. [Music] I do not know just why he came to love me so he looked beyond my faults and saw my need. I shall forever I shall [Music] forever lift my eyes to Calvary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How [Music] marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my faults and saw my need. It's amazing grace. Oh, amazing [Music] grace should always be my soul. [Music] Praise. Oh, it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so he looked beyond. Thank you Lord. [Music] I need I shall forever live my eyes to [Music] Cal to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How far? Bless the grace that caught my falling [Music] soul. You be on [Music] me. I fall and saw my knee. And sing it one more time. I shall forever I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to you. The cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How the grace that caught my holy soul. Heal me all my faults and s my need. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on near radiant, they'll never be ashamed. [Music] They'll never be ashamed. This moment cries and the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in here. Oh, fear the Lord all ye saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night never ending praise. They are rinsing tribe. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night never ending praise. May our rans try. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense right. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Sing it again now. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] So I've come to tell you he's alive and tell you that he drives every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves, shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that cost the life that pain. Though death is price and when it flows down from the cross, my sins were gone. my sins forgone. There is grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me life. But in three days, But in three days, he breathed again. He breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive. Tell you that he tries every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves shout and to proclaim that he's coming back again. Walk and wash away what can wash away my sin. Oh nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood in what can make me whole again. Oh, nothing but the blood in nothing. Sing it again now. What can wash and what can wash away my sin? Oh, nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood in what can make me whole again. Nothing but the blood. Oh, nothing but the blood. So I've come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he tries every tear that falls. So I come to tell you, thank you [Music] Lord that he's coming back for you. You've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old [Music] lies. If you're trying to feel the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you've got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Well, we've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. You see, we've all run to things we know just ain't right. I've come to tell you tonight, there's a better life. There's a better life if you got pain. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or savior, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Will we've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night? We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. We've all run to things we know just ain't right. But there's a better life. There's a better life if you got pain. If you got pain tonight, yes, he is. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. You got change. He's a chain breaker. I love this. Now, if you believe it, if you'll receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. How about it tonight? If you believe it, you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. If you believe it, if you believe it, you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom for saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, now while I was dancing, somebody touched me. While I was dancing, somebody touched me. While I was dancing, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. while I was praying. Oh, while I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord while singing. Oh, now while I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touch me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand. [Music] Well, now while I was praising, somebody touched me. While I was praising, somebody touched me. While I was praising, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Glory, glory. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory, somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Must have been the hand of the Lord. While I was clapping. Well, now while I was clapping, somebody touch me. While I was clapping, somebody touched me. While I was clapping, somebody touched me. Must have been the hand of the Lord. Well, now the devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I won't praise with all my mind. Devil don't like no praising around here. Well, the devil don't like no freedom around here. The devil don't like no freedom around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. Devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, now the devil don't like no sing around here. The devil don't like no sing around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my mind. The devil don't like no singing around here. Real now. The devil don't like no dance around here. The devil don't like no dancing around here. Oh now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to dance with all my mind. Devil don't like no dancing around here. Well, I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got a right to lift my voice. Oh, ain't nobody got a ride like the children of the Lord. See the light. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've got a right. Well, I've got a ride to praise the Lord. I've got a right to lift my voice. Oh, ain't nobody got a ride like the children of the Lord. Seen the light. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've got a ride real now. The devil don't like no singing around here. The devil don't like no singing around here. Oh now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my mind. Devil don't like. I'm about praising him tonight. Well, the devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around right here. Oh now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going praise all my devil don't like no praising around here worshiping. Well the devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. Devil don't like no praising around here. Well, the devil don't like no dancing around here. The devil don't like no dancing around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to dance with all my mind. Devil don't like no dancing around here laughing now. Well, now the devil don't like no [Applause] clap. The devil don't like no clapping around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going clap all my devil don't like it right here. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the moon. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, serve him. Serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Serve him. Serve him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. When the sun goes down, say it again now. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, serve him. Serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Serve him. Serve him till the sun goes down. [Music] [Applause] Once like a burden, prison I fell. No freedom from my sorrow I felt when Jesus came and listened to me. Oh now glory to God. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of this prison for me. Oh, how glory bound my Jesus to see. Can we go up? Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. All darkness of night has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. Oh, glory to God. I'm over bound. Yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of this prison for me. Oh, I'm glory bound. My Jesus to [Music] see. He set me free. And goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. And daily I'm working. I'm praying to. Oh, glory to God. I'm going through. Yes, [Music] sir. Oh, I'm glorify my Jesus to see. Singing glory to God. He verse one. Now once like a burden prison I dwelt. No freedom from my sorrow I felt. Then Jesus came and listen to me. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Set me free. Yes, he set me free. We broke the bond of this prison for me. I'm glory bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, goodbye to sin and things that confound. And not of this world shall turn me around. Daily I'm working. I'm praying too. Oh, glory to God. I'm going through set me. How many free tonight? Hallelujah. And he broke the [Applause] bonds. Oh, I'm glory bound, my Jesus. Singing, glory to God. Sing it again now. Well, now he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of this prison for me. Oh, I'm glory bound my Jesus to see. Singing glory to God. He set me [Music] free. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer [Applause] bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. One more time now. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is [Music] resting. Such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I got to sing it again now. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chase. Rescue. Such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. So all that I have is a highle [Music] hallelu. And I know it's not much. Nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. All my words, all my words for sure. I've got nothing new. Oh my, how could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must end. [Music] and you never do. Oh, so I throw up my head. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a highle. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for a king. Oh my. Except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got just one response. How about it tonight? I've got just one move. With my arms stretch wide. Oh, I will worship you tonight. I'll just throw up my head. Praise you again and again. Oh my. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Al and I know it's not much have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelu hallelujah come on my soul come on my soul soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You got lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much. have nothing else fit for a king. Thank you, Lord. Except for a heart singing hallelujah, hallelujah. Sing it again now. Oh, I throw up my hand. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelu. And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelu. Hallelujah. Can we do without music? Just raise your hand. Sing it. So I throw my hands. Can you praise him for what he's done for you tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart single. It sounds good. Can we do it again now? Oh, so I throw up my hands. Praise you. I know he's enjoying this tonight. Is the highest. Thank you, Lord. I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Oh my. Is he worthy tonight? For from you are all things. to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] [Applause] glory. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] All the saints and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. [Music] Oh, the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. Yes, he is. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints, all the saints and angels, they're bow before your throne. Thank you, Lord. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Applause] [Music] For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Is he worthy? You're worthy of it all. He's worthy of the praise tonight. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Thank you Lord for from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Day and night and day letting sense arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Applause] glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all king. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given [Music] us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I say that I thank you. Can we do that tonight? Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. [Music] No, I can't repay from my heart like say that I thank you once again now. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. No, I can't repay from my heart that I say that I thank you one more time. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay from my heart like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay from my heart that [Music] [Applause] I thank you. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the praise. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's freedom. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. I'm free. Oh, I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm saved in his presence. I'm forgiven. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. I'm healed. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. I'm saved. In his presence I'm forgiven. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. There is joy in his presence. Joy in his presence. Joy in the presence of the [Music] Lord. There's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. I'm healed. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. I'm saved in his presence. I'm forgi. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. Sing that again. I'm healed. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. I'm saved in his presence. I'm forgi. I'm not saved. I'm changed forever in his presence. Hallelujah. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. Yes, Lord. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawn a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. I'm holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. I love this father. I hear it growing louder. It's the song of your redeemed. The saints from every nation all awaken in the sea. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Our soul to our king. Let the worippers arise. How many worshippers do we have tonight? Let the sons and the daughters sing. Yeah. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Can we do verse three? Surrender to the king. I love this here. Father, I see the bride rejoice in a song of victory. Every chain of death is broken and they have been set free. Satan, your kingdom is defeated. Oh, let our worship bring praise to our Lord. Glory to our King. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. [Applause] Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Surrender to the King. How great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. You're the name. Oh, you are the name above all names. And you're worthy of my praise. In my heart we'll sing. How great is our God. You're the name. Oh, you are the name above all names. And you're worthy of my praise. In my heart we'll sing. How great is our [Music] God. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing that again. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my savior, my healer, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to [Music] God. Hallelujah. Is he worthy of the praise here tonight? My my my. I'm going to sing a song that we sing quite often at youth camps. I just love it. If you turn it to our pastor, there's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Sing it again now. There is no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. Oh, I walked all over Bill. Now I walk I walk all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over over. There's no one. There's no relation like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Well, now I walked I walked all over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. What's your conclusion? There's no one There's no one like him. Well, now I walk. I walk all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. There's no one There's no one like me. Can you give him a hand clap for praise? No one. There's no one like Jesus. Do you love him? Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Let's just sing this song as we dismiss. We've um remember uh service tomorrow at 11:00 and looking forward to the great things that God has in store for us. And uh we've also got food um in in the tabernacle there. So, you're more than welcome to stick around and eat in fellowship. But let's just sing this song. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's go up a key. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jes. We got a lot to thank the Lord for tonight. Lives were [Music] touched, delivered, set free. It was grace that came by. Thank you, Jesus. Grace, God's grace. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. I love you Jesus. I love you Jesus. [Music] I love you Jesus. I love you [Music] Jesus. I love you Jesus. I love you Jesus. [Music] I love you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, I love you, Lord. Sing it now. I thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, I do. [Music] From the bottom of my heart, I thank you [Music] Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, I thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Thank you [Music] Jesus. Thank you Lord. God bless you is our prayer. You're welcome to stay in worship. Amen. God is so good to us. [Music] So [Music] good. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. I thank you, [Music] Jesus. Glory, glory, glory. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. And God is so good. God is so good. [Music] God is so good. He's so good, too. God answers prayer. And God answers prayer. God answers prayer. [Music] God answers prayer. He's so good to me. I love him so and I love him [Applause] so I love him [Music] so I love him so he's so good to me And God is so good. God is so [Music] good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, and I love him. [Music] So I love him. [Music] So I love him. So he's so good to me. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to hear. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He is so good to me. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first loved me to me. Oh, to [Music] me. He is so wonderful. [Music] to me. He is so wonderful. Oh, to me he is so [Music] wonderful because he purpos love me. [Music] And [Music] oh, how I love [Music] Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus, Lord. How I love Jes. He says because he first loved me to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful because he love me. Do you explain? How do you [Music] describe love that goes from east to west runs as deep as it is [Music] wide. You know all of my hopes. You know all our [Music] fears. Words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to [Music] hear. Listen to our heart. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] song of praise the [Music] Lord from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know and tell you what it ought to go you when words are not enough. Tell you of our love. Listen to our hearts. Words could fall like [Music] rain from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. [Music] But if you listen to my heart, every beat will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Listen to our heart. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that blows those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough, tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. The sun's come up. It's a new day dawn. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be seen when the evening [Music] comes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. You are rich in love and you're slow to way. Your name is great and your heart is kind for all your goodness. I will keep on singing it. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, wash his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. And on that day when my strength is fad, the end draws near and my time has come. Still my soul will sing your praise unending 10,000 years and then forever more. Ask the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, his holy name sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will
