################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - Pastor Shawn Martin Watching As Prophecy Is Fulfilled - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "Watching As Prophecy Is Fulfilled"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqoVw95EubU
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I need you. I need you, Lord, right now. Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. My hands on my knees and [Music] worship. I need you. I need you, Lord. Can we stand and sing it? I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right. Is that your desire this morning? I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Do I lift my hands and bow my knees in worship at your throne? I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I sing again. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. every day. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. Oh, I lift my hands and bow my knees and worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Amen. Is that your heart's desire this morning to say, "Lord, I need you right now." Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege, Lord, to come into your house once again, Father, to give you glory and honor, Father. Lord, we ask that you would just come down in our midst, Father. Lord, I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, that you would touch every heart this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would bless our sisters this morning, Lord, our mothers, Father. Lord, as we set aside this day, Lord, to to honor them, Father, but Lord, as your prophecy that every day should be Mother's Day, Lord, we ask that you would just come and bless our mothers this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would come and bless the man of God as he comes and brings forth your word. Lord, I pray that you would just move in a special way is our desire this morning, Lord. Lord, we want more of you this morning, Father. We ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And I want to say happy Mother's Day to all you mothers. Amen. And maybe we could sing that uh song. Oh, you have heard of little Mo in a bull rush. You have heard a fearless David in his slate. You have heard the story told of drinking. Can I get my monitors on the well? We often see there are many many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare by and by the Lord will surely let us meet them at that meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. Oh, I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you were here. Never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Many things will there be missing in that meeting. For the mourers's bench will have no place at all. There will never be a sermon preached to sinners. For the sinner had refused to heed the call. There will be no mourning over wayward loved ones. There will be no lonely nights of pleading prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted that meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air. In the sweet, sweet by and by. Oh, I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Oh, such sing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear. It will be glorious. I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. There the doubters will be missing all together. Oh, all the skeptics will be option on that day. There will be no grumblers present to disturb us. And the achans will be busy far away. There the saints will have his seal upon their foreheads. Dressed in rain and none but ransom ones will wear. Oh, all who have the wedding garments will be present at that meeting in the air. You're looking forward to that day. There is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. touching you will hear. Never heard my mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. Oh and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in thee. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand? When to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there and at home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be that leading one at that meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I too declare. And God's own son will be leading one at that meeting in the air. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. For in the manions bright and blessed, he's prepared for us a place. Oh, when we are yet to heaven. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Now while we walk this pilgrim's pathway, clouds will overspread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sigh. Oh, and we are to get to heaven. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see she Jesus will sing and shout the victory. So let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving oh every day for just one glimpse of him in glory will the tools of life pay. Oh, when we all get to heaven. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. For when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Now onward to the price before us. For soon his beauty will behold. And soon the pearly gates will open. We shall tread the streets of gold. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we sing and shout the victory. Amen. Brother Tim, keep us. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Now onward to the price before us. Soon his beauty will behold and soon the pearly gates will open. We shall tread the streets of gold. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Amen. Are you looking forward to that day? Amen. It won't be too much longer. Amen. There's nothing like the presence Oh, there's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, I'm [Music] here in his presence. Oh, I'm sing. Oh, in his presence. Oh, I'm [Music] forgiven. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed. Oh, forever in his presence. There's healing. Oh, there's healing in his presence. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. With all your hearts I near. Oh, in his presence. Oh, I'm saved. Yes. In his presence, oh, I'm forgive them. I am not the same. Oh, I'm changed forever. In his presence I'm healed. I'm here. In his presence I'm [Music] save. Oh in his presence. Oh I'm forgi. [Music] I'm not not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence to say we just play softly. We've got a few prayer requests this morning. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Terry if he would get ready to come lead us. But we want to remember uh brother Branson um is pretty sick this morning as well as brother Shamaya and uh the whole family there. Sister Bethany and and I believe Shouel um are all pretty sick. Um also brother Jerry and Sister Tony um is is pretty sick and brother Will said that his two boys are pretty sick this morning as well. So that sickness is getting around. Dad has been pretty sick. uh earlier this week, but I think he's doing a lot better. Amen. So, uh let's just pray for for all those, keep them in our hearts this morning that the Lord would just touch them. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. We want you to remember our pastor that the Lord would just move in a special way this morning. [Music] Amen. Amen. Just before we pray, I would just like to uh just pass on a little comment. Uh as you know, of course, the meetings and much will probably be said about it, but uh driving the uh people around the golf cart, um I usually will ask if I don't know them, you know, where they're from, where's your home church, the pastor, and so forth. Kind of breaks ice and opens up a little conversation while we're going to and fro. But I just like to say that from a perspective of hearing many many many comments, the people are so blessed. I mean the the the mothers, the fathers, they our children just look forward to it every year. Uh it's just much has come out of it. I'm sure much will be said uh in the days to come, testimonies, but just from a perspective of what I've heard from the people, I just in behalf of the people, I want to say thank you to you all. all of you who have untirely put in hours and hours and hours of labor and the people, they really appreciate it. So, I just want to pass that on to you, Lord Jesus. How thankful we are in this generation to be showered with your blessings. Not only just the natural, the carnal blessings, but most of all, you've given us the word of life for this hour. And Lord, I'm sure much will be said, some will be said about the prophecy and the pope and so forth. God, we see we're when we look and we see events uh transpiring, modern events made clear by prophecy. We look back, we say, "Yep, that's what the prophet said. Yes, that's what the prophet said." So, we're just thankful to be living out the the days of prophecy. We know it's correct. We know it's absolute right on time. We're thankful, Lord, to be part of it. So, we just ask, Lord, that you'd give us further revelation and understanding. We We don't want to try to figure it out. The prophet said when you do, you might as well know you're wrong. But we we do see the signs of the time, the uniting times and sign. We're thankful to be part of it. Lord, each one of these requests much sickness here in the local assembly. But God, I know that you receive those 39 stripes on your back that each one of them could be made well. Touch them and deliver them. Lord, if they're streaming this morning, may they have be encouraged, receive faith, Lord. Bless brother Sean as he brings the morning message. Pray, Lord, it'll be spiritual food in due season. Lord, that we pull on the gift and may we be challenged. baby be en enhanced, enlightened, and further a revelation to us. We're so thankful, Lord, to be part of that end time bride. We love you. Thank you, Lord, for sending us Malachi 4. We love you in Jesus' name. [Music] Amen. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. You can be seated. Sister Lisa K. Oh, I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm safe in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi and I'm the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. [Music] [Music] Some people talk of mansions and angels, glory lands, beauties untold. Walls made of shining jasper, streets paved with pure gold. But that's not what draws me to that city, but it's who I'm longing to see. When I finally make it through, just take me to the one who set me free and just let me look into his face for a million [Music] years and it will be worth it in all the trials and the tears. Just give me my crown long enough so I can lay it at his feet. [Applause] As long as Jesus is [Applause] [Music] there, that will be heaven for me. Don't talk to me of reward. [Music] for more than my reward. It will be to worship through any [Music] sages the one who gave his life for me. For since I came to know him, it's been my heart's longing. You [Music] see to kneel at the feet of the savior and thank him for all he's done for me. So just let me look into his face. at least a million [Music] years. And it will be worth it in [Music] all the trials and the tears. Just give me my crown long enough so I can lay it at his feet. [Music] As long as Jesus is there, that will be heaven for me. Oh, that will be heaven for me. [Music] Oh, in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your [Music] presence, that's where I belong. for seeking your face and touching your [Music] grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God. Oh, in your presence, Lord, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Oh, seeking your face. Lord, touching your grace in the cliff of the [Applause] rock. It's in your presence, oh God, as brother Doug comes. Oh, in your presence, Lord, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, Lord, that's where I belong. Just seeking your face, Lord. touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God. [Music] So at the camp I started hurting bad. I don't know what to do. I can go to hospital or I can go to got a little better. And by the time the preacher had done no more painless [Applause] [Music] Hello. Hello. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Wow. Come on. [Music] Oh, good. [Music] He's good. He's good in the valley, Lord. He's good, though I'm That's why I love him so He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good while I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Don't worry when skies are gray and I don't bother with the dark Satan throws my way. For the God who holds the sparrows and the liies of the field is the one who calms the violent storms. When he says, "Peace be still." He's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so he's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. In the sunshine, in the rain, he is still the king of kings who remains the same. Oh, he's faithful to his children. His promises are true. If he says he'll always be there, that's exactly what he'll do. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so. He's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Can we stand up now? I don't worry when skies are gray. And I don't bother with the dark Satan throws my way. Oh, for the one who cares for sparrows and the liies of the field is the one who comes for violent storms. And he says, "Peace be still." He's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so he's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Oh, he's good on the mountain. He's good in the valley low. He's good in times of trouble. That's why I love him so he's good while I'm sleeping. He's good when I'm on my knees. He's good though I'm unworthy. Oh, he is good to me. Oh, he's good though I'm unworthy. He is good to me. Amen. Has he been good to you? Amen. Amen. As we invite our pastor to come, can we just sing that song? This is the evening time. Oh, this is the [Music] time. It's later than we think. Oh, the bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. Oh, all things are [Music] ready. The bridegroom is here. [Applause] Are ye that hath an ear to hear the evening time is here. Can we sing it again? Oh, this year's the evening time. Oh, it's later than we think. [Music] Oh, the bride is preparing now. All for belong to me. Oh, all the [Music] All [Music] ye evening time is here. Can we sing it again? Oh, this is the It's gater than [Music] The airing [Music] now to me and [Music] all the [Music] He that hath an ear to hear, the evening time is near. Well, do you believe that this morning? Amen. We're living in the evening time. And Amen. We're glad to know that we're living in the evening time. Amen. And I think that's the grace of God that uh lets us know these things. Amen. And uh I certainly love the Lord. Well, how many's glad to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. And I trust uh you've gotten a uh some rest uh this week. And um those that have labored and uh uh we just had a wonderful time on the Lord. And uh the musicians can uh be dismissed. and certainly appreciate our musicians and appreciate Daniel leading the songs and um just appreciate all that labor. You know, I know uh uh if if if you don't have people that are willing to labor and do things for the Lord, then then I guess it just all falls on the pastor and you become a one-man band. But, uh, I appreciate, uh, well, then if the pastor ain't willing to labor, then what do we do? We just close the doors, right? And so uh but uh every part whether it's the deacons, whether it's the trustees, the secretary, the uh the Sunday school teacher, musicians, you know, you're you're very much appreciated and uh and I appreciate all those that support them and u um to show that um even the sound people amen in the back. We appreciate them and uh and we just appreciate everyone that is just faithful to come to the house of the Lord. Amen. I mean that that takes a lot just itself. Amen. Especially when you're driving a long ways away and uh but we certainly appreciate everyone here. Um let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer and then we'll just go into the scripture and I'll have you to have your seats. Father, we're so thankful for your love and your mercy that you have given to us, Lord, and in our lives. And we can look back since the time of birth, Lord, and see that you have kept us. You've watched over us, Lord. And many of us shouldn't be here this morning, but Father, you were always protecting us, Father, and guiding us. And here we set this morning with a heart to serve you a love and setting, believing the message, Lord, that you have sent in this day. And we're having the the hearts of anticipation for when we'll leave this old world. and be united with you forever. And Father, we just thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us. Pray that you would anoint this morning and help me just to get myself out of the way, Lord, and that you would speak through uh these lips of clay. And Father, I pray that the words that would be said would find a resting place in each heart. and Lord that you would multiply the food and Lord that we could eat uh from your table today. We ask it father in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Um, if you'd like to turn with me to the book of Matthew, the 24th chapter, and um and then uh we'll read the 35th verse. And um very familiar scripture, but it says, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats this morning. And um we um I trust everyone is feeling good. We uh the sickness is is going around. I uh I guess it was uh Sunday in church. I uh it hit me pretty hard. And um so of course Sunday evening you know after the meeting we always um um entertain the uh all the ministers uh from our that have ministered and uh and different uh ones and of course in our whole family and there's a lot of our family and uh so anyways uh but I snuck off while everybody was visiting and I just went up and laid in the floor and uh uh just slept. I felt bad. Didn't even get to say bye to hardly any of them, but uh I just wasn't feeling good. And then uh mom and uh Levi got it. And then uh uh different ones I'm hearing. I think brother Joe hadn't been feeling good. And then brother Shmayiah text and uh the whole uh household over there are pretty sick and brother Branson's sick and uh just just different ones and um so it's just Satan um you know he's just working over time. He knows his end is up and uh so let him do whatever he going to do. We we're all right. Amen. And we have the authority over him. And uh but uh you know uh the crowd uh there in the uh was uh not as big as in the past but uh the atmosphere was electrifying and uh uh the people came to um uh just to uh have a good time in the presence of the Lord. And uh the Lord didn't disappoint. Um he was there from beginning to end and um uh many lives were changed and it was just good to hear the testimony of brother Doug. Amen. And uh we we certainly don't take those things lightly. Our life is just but a vapor. And uh but to uh see that God uh done a miraculous thing for him, we thank the Lord for that. And uh but um you know there were some that found a deliverance. Um uh some received salvation, others received healing and um you know a pastor from Arizona text me and uh thanking uh us for the meeting and and all the labor and said that you know group of his young people several from his church came and uh uh there's a young man uh that needed the Lord in a in a real bad way and uh God just changed him. And he says he's just a changed young man. And another brother uh told his pastor said, "You know, I I had felt that I had crossed that line of mercy." And and said, "I just, you know, I've been coming to church, but just a just the ritual of it." M and he said, "I've just been so condemned and heavy burdened." And um he said, "But uh" and I I know the the man that that was there. Uh but he come through the prayer line and and uh I I've known him for years, and I've never seen him uh emotional, but he just come right in that prayer line. And you know uh uh brother Wendell you know told him says you know uh I I I love you and he says but most of all God loves you and the presence of the Lord just came and the man just dropped on his knees and wept and wept and he says just uh uh the Lord just came for him. And so we we thank the Lord for that. And um you know uh God delivered Sister Mindy uh Friday night and um uh going through you know things and and I'm telling you that Satan is fighting. I don't know what's uh happening. Um except a lot of our younger mothers um uh well I say a lot. Several that I know of in the message are fighting a um nervous uh about to have nervous breakdown and um uh losing weight and and so weak. uh two of them had to be carried out of the tent um uh this meeting and uh they're claiming you know their healing but Satan is trying so hard to take their lives and um and Mindy was fighting such a spirit as that and trying to uh but uh God intervened Friday night and delivered her and Um, I am believing with all of my heart that God's going to deliver these other young ladies, sisters, and and I won't mention the names, but if you if you ever find a heart to pray, pray for these these sisters. Uh, they got young families and and uh, Satan is just trying to destroy them. And uh but another young lady um uh sent word uh to my daughter that she had been fighting a a spirit of depression for quite a while. And uh God set her free uh this uh this meeting. And so we we're so thankful to the Lord. a young man that had received the Holy Ghost two years ago. Uh was at the meeting uh he received it two years ago at our meeting and he was here this time and brother Wendell was talking to the mother and and says I want you to introduce you to my son. And so as she got the the son and says, you know, two years ago, uh God just so delivered him and set him free and he's still serving God and he's still on fire for the Lord. And so we we thankful for that. I think uh the things uh that God is doing is eternal eternal things and I'm glad to be a part of that. And um I want to thank uh those of you who labored before the meeting. I know it was hard work and um uh and and then during the meeting uh to make the meeting go smoothly. uh you know just as brother Terry said, you know, just people were full of compliments and and just appreci that that we would uh have a meeting and and uh but all the labor that went in it and you know there may be those that didn't have money to eat and afterward and things like that and uh but we were able to provide the food for them and where they could come and enjoy um uh the the meeting. And so, uh received so many compliments this year on the food, the cooking, and um uh I uh I don't know who made the gravy. I can't remember, but brother Andrew says, you Glover, he said, "I never like gravy, but this was this this was good." And uh so whoever made the gravy, you you got brother Andrew Glover in your corner. Ah Brittany Daniel wanted Let me know Britney. So uh this explains this explains why he's having a hard time on a diet. I uh but no uh so uh just just everything uh uh the people just thoroughly enjoyed and I I hope you feel their appreciveness of everything uh that you do and um uh brother Will outdone himself this year and on that chicken and on that uh that smoked meat and I mean I now I had a a lot of guys uh you know and they're really into that barbecue thing but they really complimented that meat and so uh appreciate everything that you you all have done. I pray that you have gotten some rest and uh u uh and uh continuing to get your rest. Amen. And I certainly uh love you very much and thank you. Thank you for taking it on your heart for a vision. Uh the vision that u I have and um appreciate all those that were in in uh um if you could say charge of different things. um you know uh Sister Martha and I know she hadn't been feeling good and yet um uh taking on that task willing to do it without complaining or just uh and we I certainly appreciate that Sister Kim made it through. Amen. And uh uh with her knees uh hurting and and uh all the sisters really helped her very much and and uh she uh was able to just be the supervisor and uh make sure it all went well. And so this is good. And uh you know if anyone that have helped outside of our church you know and they're listening I certainly appreciate all the hard work. I mean, you know, Sister Mahala, you know, she just got married not too long ago and um but uh she she told Sister Kim, she says, "I'm coming and I'm going to to help you and um I'm going to work in the kitchen and um you know, and I I think maybe her husband, Brother David, didn't know if he could get off or not." So, it was kind of unsure thing, but uh he was there in that kitchen and uh he must have got off and they worked hard. Uh both of them guys and and you know, now if you know brother David, he's quiet and he's kind of laidback, you know, he just kind of sits in the corner. You don't know he's there. And but he's changed and uh I mean, he's just a different fella. and and and he was happy, you know, just smiling and and uh so I told him Sunday I I said, "David, I just really let you know I really appreciate." He goes, "I am so glad to do this." And uh he said, "I didn't realize just how much work was involved." And uh well, now you do. And thank you so much, Amen. for your help. and and it was a delight for them uh to be able to help as it is with the the others. And so we thank them very much. And um um and I uh also while I'm thinking of it, it is good to have Sister Brooke. And uh congratulations to Brother Junior, Sister Brooke for that baby girl. Amen. And uh uh God has just blessed them uh uh there and uh so we just congratulate them very happy for them and uh you know uh they she was having contractions at very early in the meeting and I think mo for the most part she come uh they wanted to be at the service and they would come to the service and while she's having contractions And uh you know I'm like man that's tough. And uh so none of us have any more reasons to complain. Amen. And uh but we appreciate them very much and and uh just everyone that that worked and and labored. And I I do uh I I want to say happy Mother's Day to you mothers today. And um I can't say enough I don't think enough can be said uh to you mothers of what you really mean um uh for uh in this generation. You are a rare, if I could say rare breed, a rare a rare thing. Uh, and I want to thank you for keeping motherhood alive, keeping it sacred, keeping it a a uh the way God made it to be. And um God will reward you for it. I promise you. And uh you may may feel like, well, I ain't done much. And you know, behold, you have you raising your children in the ways of God. And you, some of you may have your children that have way are we wayward, but you remember God would give you that promise that no matter how wewarded they are, uh God somehow will even if he has to put them on the deathbed, they will be there. They'll be saved. And uh so God gives that gives that to you as a promise to you mothers that have been faithful and true and and so don't get discouraged. Um uh and it's becoming less less um uh popular. Uh most women are looking for career. They're career-minded. They they they don't they're not interested in raising their children. Um, and then if they are raising their children, they're doing it, you know, without God. But, uh, God bless you very much. And I know the devil's after you. And, um, because if he can get you, then you become just another statistic out in the world. But, um, uh, but God promised that he would have a bride. He promised that he would have a people, a man, that would live his word. Ain't that right? So, I pray that God will bless you today. And uh but I'm going to I'm not going to deal with Mother's Day today. And um uh but I do want to look at something maybe that uh is going on in the world today. And if I have a title, it'd be recognizing prophecy being fulfilled. And um we know that every word of God must be fulfilled. Ain't that right? That's what Jesus said. He says, "Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word will never ever ever pass away." I think that's what makes us rest in the in this morning is to know that no matter what comes our way, no matter what trial, what storm that we are going through, God never fails and his promise remains true. Ain't that right? There have been critics down through time that have looked at God's word as just being a fairy tale. They've treated it as a fairy tale and and I I be honest, they're anointed of the devil to do that. Uh but Satan himself knows that God's word is true. Satan knows that. I mean uh uh he has seen God's word through every age fulfilled and and he's always been rebuffed uh in the timing of of when God's in the time of God's word being fulfilled. And so, but Satan is a deceiver. That's that's his deal. He's a deceiver. And so, he deceives the people in thinking that God's word ain't true, that it that it isn't going to be fulfilled and and all these things. And so, he gets people to looking at time, you know, time. Well, that, you know, that that happened a thousand years ago. God said it a thousand years ago. Where's it at? Uh uh then he gets the people looking at the impossibility of the situation, impossible for for the dead to be raised, impossible uh uh for for my my situation to change and and all of these things. But but God has proven time again that his word will be fulfilled no matter how impossible it is. and and so he's gotten the people, Satan's gotten the people so educated and scientific. Uh so to where that he can easily anoint them with unbelief. And and no wonder more more and more as I get older, I understand why brother Brandham said education and sciences of the devil. It's his tool. And we're we're this generation that is raising up uh so educated that but but in that education they're taught that God doesn't exist. They t they're taught that you know that there is no God that that you know it's all back in the days of yesterday and and such and and so they're they're leaning to the scientific and the achievements of mankind and all of these things. But you know throughout the Bible uh all the prophets that God sent uh to the earth were uneducated and so uh educated people and and and for the majority of them can't understand or can't accept uneducated things just like Moses you know uh uh or Noah Noah's message it it was an uneducated message. It it went against everyone that was educated and and it went against it was brother Brown said it's an unscientific unscientific message. So it went against everything that science was saying but but yet God's word was right. Amen. And it took 120 years for it to happen. But God fulfilled his word. But it was hard for the people to believe the prophets and their message. And it's still hard for them to believe this. Amen. But second Peter 3:3, it tells us, knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking after their own lust, saying, "Where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of creation." Ain't that right? So, so it's scoffers that are looking and and they're looking and saying, "Where's the prophecies?" Amen. Where's the promise of all this? and and and these things and and and uh uh Satan, you know, gives the people a carnal view of all the events that are happening around the world and and uh maybe uh they look at the political events that are happening or the religious events that are happening uh the events even in nature and even scientific events and they look at it by a carnal perception and they have a carnal interpretation. ation and yet they're saying, "Where is God?" You know, if God said he's going to do this, then where's it at? And and all of these things. And so, uh um uh they might have a political explanation or they might have an education educated explanation or scientific or maybe a a religious explanation without having a true revelation of what's happening. And so it causes the people to miss what God is doing. Ain't that right? But nevertheless, God is fulfilling his word. He promised he would. And so he he it will. Amen. Now, prophecy, as we know, isn't always fulfilled the moment that God that God speaks it. He declares that he's going to do something. It it it took uh what 4,000 years before Christ came. But but God fulfilled the word anyways. Yet that prophecy was laying there all them years. But God remembered the prophecy. Now you know um Ecclesiastes 3 and1 it says to everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. So, there's a time to be born, a time to die, a time to plant, a time to pluck up that which has been planted. A time to kill, a time to heal, a time to break up, a time to build, a time to weep, a time to laugh. You understand what I'm saying? It's not all time to build there. There's times to break down. There's not every season is uh a time of laughter. There's a time of weeping. There's a time to mourn, a time to dance, a time to cast away stones, and a time together the stones together. See, so there's a season for all things. Ain't that right? And prophecy must be fulfilled in its right season. Amen. Prophecy must be fulfilled in its right season. God promised to scatter Israel. Amen. That was a season, a season of scattering. But he also promised to gather Israel. And so you couldn't look at Israel and try to gather him in a season of scattering. It wouldn't have worked. Ain't that right? But when the season is right, watch the supernatural come and the gathering becomes a supernatural thing. Even though God uses natural events and he uses whatever, it's a supernatural behind the natural. Do you believe that? But so prophecy must be fulfilled in the right season. You know those who love Jesus uh when he walked the earth and well they tried the prophet said they tried to force him to take the throne and and and remember thou uh uh blind Barnameus and thou son of David and the the the cifan woman or whatever you how you'd pronounce that uh you know called and s thou son of David. He said, "Well, they were trying to force him to take the throne." He said, "Even Pilate asked him, "Art thou the king?" and and these things, but Jesus knew the scriptures and knew that it wasn't the season to take the throne. It was a different season. Ain't that right? It was a season that he would take u uh uh give up the throne and and and go to Calvary. It was a different season. But see, just as he knew, Amen. when Satan offered Amen uh him to uh the kingdoms of the earth, Jesus was the one that knew it wasn't the season to inherit the kingdoms of the earth, but he knew he would inherit the kingdoms. It just wasn't the season for it. Can you say amen? So, the prophecies had to be fulfilled in its right season. Now, Brother Brandham said, you know, when you see something in the Bible that sounds just a little bit mystic and a little superstitious to you, just give God a little bit of time. Give God a little bit of time. God's in no hurry. We're the one that gets in the hurry. Just give God just a little bit of time and you'll see the old prophetic wheels cogs run right up into the picture. It'll develop just like the bringing up of a pitcher. Ain't that right? See, so then God always fulfills his word when the season is ripe. It It didn't look like God was going to fulfill his word in Noah's day, but he did. It didn't look like he was going to fulfill his word. Amen. In in uh uh um Abraham uh to Abraham. But he did. It didn't look like he was going to fulfill his word to Job. Amen. But he did. Amen. it it didn't look like he was going to fulfill his word uh to Eve. Amen. When he spoke to her and said, "Thy seed shall bruise the serpent's head." Amen. Uh and it didn't look like it would ever be fulfilled, but it was. Amen. See, it didn't look like he was going to fulfill his word to Joseph, but he did. And the Bible tells us that the word of the Lord tried Joseph until, everybody say until. until the time that his word came. Ain't that right? See, it had to be in the right season. Amen. Many years ago, God foretold of the different seasons that the church would go through. Amen. This New Testament church. And and so the message that we have received of God in this last day uh of uh through the prophet of Malachi 4 has enabled us to understand the seasons of the past. Amen. And as well as the season that we are living in. The church ages have been revealed to us. So we're not looking at symbols and we're not looking at it through a glass darkly anymore. But we can look back through time and say, "Oh, it was a season for this. It was a season for this. A season of planning, a season of dying and rotting." Amen. Ain't that right? A season of coming up out of the ground. A season of maturity. It it was seasons and and and so but we were able to understand what Satan done and what God uh has done in each age. The opening of the seals has revealed to us the meaning of the four different colored horses. Uh and of course, brother Brandon, you know, these were beast u uh uh which represents power. Four different powers. And and that there was a a horse rider, a rider that rode each of these horses. Ain't that right? And and and we know that through the opening of the word now that it wasn't Christ riding, amen, that went forth to ride. It was the antichrist that had went forth to ride through the ages. Ain't that right? And so we have seen the effect. Amen. Uh uh that each of these powers had on the people. Amen. uh that that Antichrist, he he the spirit of antichrist, he rode uh the white horse, amen, a power for a season. And then he switched and went to the black horse, another power for a season. And then he went to the other beast uh a leopard with a man's uh head uh uh for a season. And then uh uh and each of these powers had different uh effects. Ain't that right? Now he's riding uh uh the pale horse. How many believes that? Amen. He's riding the pale horse. And we have this understanding by the message of the hour. And we see the season that we're in. Amen. And death and hell followed him. Ain't that right? And so, but then there's also four different beasts that God sent to the true church. the lion, the ox, the leopard with the face of a man, and the eagle. Amen. Uh um and and so um uh we look at that, the the the the antichrist. Now, he rode the white horse, the red horse, the black horse, and the the and he's riding the pale horse today. But God would send uh four beasts, the lion, the ox, the leopard with the face of a man, and the eagle. Ain't that right? And the prophet said that God would do this. He sent it to combat that that spirit of antichrist been riding down through the ages. And so God sent the the first his first power was the lion and then the ox and then the leopard and then then the eagle. Ain't that right? Now the according to the message of the hour. How many believe the message of the hour? Well then the last beast is the eagle. Amen. That's that eagle anointing. and and it's been sent to this last stage. The prophet said we are living in the eagle age. Not the ox anointing, not the lion anointing, not the but this is the eagle anointing. He said is the age where the word is revealed. Ain't that right? He said notice the ministry of the lion, the word and then the ox, the laboring sacrifice, the cunningness of the reformers. See, and the eagle age coming in, that's to reveal and pick up these things and show them. So God likens his prophets unto eagles. And and he says in the eagle age, the last age, the prophetic age, where there is to rise prophetic utterance to whom the secrets always comes. Ain't that right? This is the season for God's secrets to be made known in this age. Everything that had been hidden down through the ages, all the way before time in God's mind is now made known through the prophet eagle age. That eagle anointing. Aren't you glad for that? And and and so, Brother Bram says before God moves to action like he did in the days of Noah, he sent forth an eagle. when he brought Israel an ar Pharaoh's army was ready to go. He sent an eagle. See, every time he sends an eagle at the last end of it. And here he sends an eagle again. That's exactly with the word. So, how can you make it anything else? He sends an eagle. Why? A revealer of the truth that's been fallen all through the age. So, how in the world could the ox or the man or whatever beast was riding, how could it ever be revealed until the eagle come? They had their place. They were godly sent bees just the same as anybody else was. The lion, that was the original. That's where the antichrist come up in uh the combat. Then he raised up another power and God sent another power to meet it. Then he raised up another power and God sent another power to meet it. Then at the last power, he brings down the eagle to restore the children back to the original faith again of the fathers, the eagle age. Did you notice there's no more beast? That's all of it. That's it. It's the end. Can you say amen, church? We're at the end. Amen. So, so we now now the people under Luther and and all them other anointings, they didn't understand everything. We're here understanding what is this message? Why is it that we love this message? Why is it that we we we we give everything up for this message? What is it doing to us? We can understand it's restoring us back to Eden. It's the season for it. For this is the end time prophecy that had been laying there all of this time. It's now the season. It's time for the manifestation of sons of God. It's time for a rapture. It's time to leave corruption behind and take on immortality to where we can be around the the the throne of God forever. Amen. To be with our bridegroom. Brother Brham said, "See, in the last message that went forth, there came a flying eagle." It's eagle time. How many believes that? Revealed time. The word of God made manifest. The word of God proved. Amen. See, that's the time that we're living in. Ain't that right? See, brother Brandon, another place, when the eagle finally comes, now notice what he says. When the eagle finally comes, it'll be 100th of 1% that'll listen. I'll say that again. When the eagle finally comes, it'll be 100th of 1% that will listen. Now, that's a small percentage. So then he knew people would walk away from this message. He knew people wasn't going to understand you when you say God sent a prophet of Malachi 4 and they look at you. He's telling you so that you wouldn't be shocked. Come on now. There will only be 100th of 1% that's going to listen. It's the eagle age. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, this tells us that only a very few very few, right, will truly know the season that we're living in. You see, it is the carnal nature, sinborn man. It's it's it's his nature of man to ignore prophecy when it's being fulfilled. They go about their daily activity as though nothing's happened. They go unconcerned. They're so wrapped up in in in the things of life and in their daily tasks and all of these things that they don't even understand prophecy being fulfilled. Many people sitting in churches all around the world today and don't know prophecy is being fulfilled. They have no clue. I I you know uh one uh uh young lady was asked you know uh uh the other day you know what do you think about you know this uh the the election of the the the pope and all that. Well it had nothing to do with us and we're not Catholic. Has nothing to do with us. So I'm not concerned about it or you know good glad you know. Well see that's where a lot of people are today is they're not looking at a prophecy. Amen. They're just looking at just another event. Time just ticking here. You understand what I'm saying? But those that are listening to the eaglemen, they're understanding the season that we're living in, they're understanding that it's time for scriptures to be fulfilled. When Messiah come, all the scriptures that pertain to his first coming, now was the time. And yet it none of it or or a lot of them the majority of prophecy concerning Jesus's was not fulfilled until the last hour of his life. That's what brother Brown said. The last hour of his life, most of prophecy was fulfilled right then that spoke of him. Ain't that right? And the world continued on like nothing. He was dead. He He died. He was buried. Rose again. And the world knew nothing about it. And the greatest event just took place. Come on now. True. So we we find that it's they just go unconcerned today. People are looking for something to come and yet they can't see what God has already done or is doing. Now example, you know, the Bible foretold that there would be an awakening of the bride. Talked about the the virgins being awoken by the midnight cry. It talked about there in in Ezekiel uh of of life coming into the bones. There was four stages and the last stage was life coming into them bones. Only a prophet could tie the bride to that vision. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. And so people have been looking for this awakening and and also God said, "I will restore saith the Lord." Brother Brandham used that and preaching the restoration of the bride tree. Ain't that right? And told us that the restoration comes under this eagle age, eagle message, the full restoration. Amen. Ain't that right? So, so people have been looking for this awakening. They've sung about it, preached about it, you know, uh, talked about it, testified about it, wrote about it. Now, in the third seal, Brother Bram said, "We have we have denominational revivals, but we haven't had a real stirring." No, no, no, no. Sir, don't think we got revival. We haven't. Oh, they've got millions and millions and millions of church members, but not a revival nowhere. No, no. See? And and so he said the bride, now we're getting there. The bride hasn't had a revival yet. The bride, right? Denominational revivals are going on. All kinds of revivals are going on, but the bride hasn't received a revival. See? Uh uh so he says, um he said there's been no revival there. And what is the revival? Notice how he puts it. No manifestation of God to steer the bride yet. See, we're looking for it. It will take those seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up again. Ain't that right? So, not just a gathering of people, not fast music, and not professionalism, not choirs, not even a preacher. It would take the seven unknown thunders, the voice of God to wake her up. Amen. Now, that was in ' 63 at at the seals. Now later on in 1964 he said everywhere now there's no revival. No revival. Now think of this now. Listen. Everywhere now there's no revival. Everybody is complaining. Ministers, they're realizing their denominational revivals didn't work. They're realizing that the protractive meetings didn't work. They're realizing that everything that they have been doing, all their dancing, rolling, shouting, and and the loud music and the uh hip-hop or whatever they were doing, you know, it wasn't working. We're still needing something. So, he says, "Everywhere now, there's no revival. Everybody's complaining. Ministers crying." I was reading one of the outstanding paper that comes here to the church, a very fine paper. I know the editor. I know the people. They're godly people. very fine brother and sister Moore, Jack Moore of the Herald of His Coming. One of the finest papers of on the field, Herald of His Coming. But they will hardly print anything unless it's about fast pray, fast pray, sound the trumpet. How many reads it? See, you know, you see it all the time. Fast pray, fast pray. It's all you hear. Fast pray. See, we're going to have a break, great breaking of the day. There's a great thing going to happen. All of you pray, pray, pray. We're not too late yet. Why do they do that? Why do they do that? Well, they want a great awakening. Right? See, and the Pentecostalism wasn't working. See, so they're crying believing that there will be a great uh be an awakening. They're good people. Why is it? What have they done? They have not recognized the awakening of the bride. Amen. He's telling us something's happened. Prophecy was fulfilled and they didn't even know it. They didn't know it. See, good people. And they're praying for revival, but it wasn't to them. It was to the bride. She's the one that was awakened. I hope you understand. That's true. See, so he says by being a Christian, they feel the pull of the hour, but they haven't recognized what's been done. That's what's making them feel that way. They know something's supposed to happen. But see, they're looking for it way off in the future to come when it's already happened right by you. That's the same thing they did in the old days. They was believing in the coming of the Messiah. They believed that there would be a forerunner to come, but it was right on them and they didn't know it. They didn't recognize it. Can you say amen? So I'd say to you, we're living in the eagle time and the world don't know it. We're living in the astronaut age and the church world don't know it. We're living in the rapture age and the church world don't know it. We're living in the bride age and the world doesn't know it. Can you say amen? Prophecy is being fulfilled. things that could not be fulfilled that had to wait for this time is now taking place and the world knows nothing about it. You realize the shuck has pulled away from the seed and the world knows nothing about it. Church world knows nothing about it. Can you say amen? The word is in the bride and the world knows nothing about it. The tears have been gathered in the garner to be burned and the world knows nothing about it. Hello. The wheat is now laying in the presence of the sun and the church world knows nothing about it. The bride has become the final voice to the final age and the world knows nothing about it. It's prophecy being fulfilled. And we're part of that prophecy. The world doesn't know that prophecy was fulfilled the other day. That's right. Many go about their daily lives unconcerned. They don't believe it it to be of any importance. Some even are praising this new pope. As though he's going to do something good for the world. Of course, the pope represents the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church is what John saw in the book of Revelations. Yes, sir. setting uh or the Remember, he saw the setting on the scarlet-c colored beast, right? Amen. I I I honestly don't believe that John knew that what he was looking the woman that he was looking at was the Catholic Church. He just saw the symbol of it. that God would send an eagle in our day to let us know that woman that John saw and he saw her beauty and he marveled at her. And yet he said and and he says, "But what it is, it's the Catholic Church." Ain't that right? That's right. See, so we understand that the woman is a church. Amen. Revelation 17:6, John said, "And I saw that woman, saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her, I wandered with great admiration." Right? Even John looking at this woman was admiring her, but he saw her drunk with the blood of the saints and the blood of the martyrs. Saint, what is a saint? Sanctified one. It ain't them dead ones. It It ain't them dead ones that cath, you know, if you're a Catholic, can't come be a saint, be a saint until you're dead. Saint means sanctified one, holy, cleansed, set apart. And this church is guilty of the blood of those saints, Christians elect. Can you say amen? And the pope is part of that church and he's the head of it. Yeah. Hello. Brother Bramman says when pop pagan Rome was changed to papa Rome, they set up a pope to be the head of it. Ain't that right? So, and and the Catholic Church believes that his word is law and order and that he is infallible. Amen. Amen. Anyone, Brother Bram says, anyone who would not agree or we'll put it, who disagreed with the Catholic doctrine was put to death, burnt to the stake, and everything else. If you want to go look at the Fox's book of martyrs, you find out just what she done to the saints down through the dark ages. Amen. 68 million is it 68 million Christians were killed at her hand. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, I believe uh as I guess we all do here, I believe that the election of this pope was more significance than all the rest of them because there was prophecy concerning this one. That's right. Brother Brandham in 1954 said, "I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to the prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast." This prophecy, I believe, was spoken 71 years ago. Didn't look like it was going to be fulfilled. Everybody started guessing a little different on well it could be this and it could be that but a prophet said that it would happen. Absolutely right. So so it it didn't seem like it would be fulfilled but God is always true to his word. Amen. And to think that we're living in this time of fulfillment. Amen. Hallelujah. Now then it tells us that God is getting ready to do something. I was listening to brother Brandham I think in the second seal and he said God is fixing to pour his wrath out. I thought of that. Yeah. Now that's been what 60some years ago I guess that he would say that God fixing to pour his wrath out. judgment is coming and and you know now everything had to fall in place right from what I read no one thought that the next pope would come from the United States even even the Catholics a lot of the Catholics didn't even believe that I from what I'm hearing that the nine men that were of the top running did not was not from the United states and we were just talking about it and me and my brother Win uh just talking about it and he said, "You know, I've read on Fox News that there ain't any highly a chance at all that the Pope will come from the United States." He says, "They're declaring from another country." And says, "So it may not even be this." I said, "Well, I don't know, you know." and and get home and then declared then it was declared and everybody was shocked. They said this is the fastest election fastest that the cardinals have come one day and they decided this pope and a and a bishop or a priest or whatever. He said that just shows there's unity among them cardinals that they all come to an agreement for this guy. And and you know they say there was only 1% chance of that happening. There was a 20% chance of the next pope coming out of Asia, a 70% chance of the pope coming out of Europe, but only 1% of him coming out of the United States. That's right. Now, what tells us this is that when God speaks something and it's the season for it, I don't care who. Amen. Now, I'm telling you, yes, all now they say that when the popes or when all them cardinals go into that building, the Cessene Chapel, they should they already know. They should already have an idea of where they're going with this. And no telling all them guys might have said, "Well, we're going to pick one from here from Germany, or we're going to pick this one here." And the spirit of the Lord, I just believe that could happen in in in in a moment's time. the spirit of the Lord change every one of their mind and direct them to this guy right here. I mean, there's devout Catholics that are, you know, talking on the news and they're saying that is impossible. We didn't know. This was very, very different. But God knows. And this pope was born just a little bit after brother Brandon made that prophecy of a new pope coming out of out of the United States. Even his brother says that's we are shocked. We are just floored. He said we always dreamed I mean we kind of knew he would be a priest. He said he's the youngest of us three brothers and and he would we knew he'd be a priest but we're floored that he's you know I I think he was even surprised the the pope himself but God said in Isaiah 55:10 as the rain cometh down and the snow from heaven and returneth not thither but waterth the earth and maketh it bring forth and bud that it may give seed to the swer and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void. That's right. But it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. Do you believe that? Now, the next thing is to come is the image of the beast. To come to the forefront. Hello. I don't know when this is going to happen, but I know it's going to happen. And I believe it's soon. This could be the last meeting that we've ever have. This could be the last uh Mother's Day that you you you mothers will ever have. Th this could be the last breath that we ever take. You know, it it's it's because we know it's the season for it. That's right. Now, this event does not awaken the bride. We know what awakens the bride, but it is a signpost. It's another signpost that we're close to the coming of the Lord. We're close to the rapture, God. Help us to be more sincere than we ever have before. Help us to be more uh uh sober than we ever have before. Help us to do everything we can for God. Not that we're scared that we're going to go to hell and or that we're going to miss the the rapture, but let's do everything we can for the Lord before we're taken up. Can you say amen? Amen. I don't know if you've noticed. I'm sure you have, but the majority of Trump's cabinet members are Catholic. It's the most Catholic administration in US history. That's right. Think about it. I know. I know. A lot of message folks was rooting for Trump. Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. Oh, going to get good, good, good, good, good. It wasn't going to get good. I believe he's in there for a reason. Amen. I've always felt that, you know, if he does get in, it's it's it's it's going to be different. I don't think it's strange that the Pope comes in at the same time. I don't think it's accidental that we've got an administration that's got most or if not all Catholic in the cabinet. Brother Brham said,"Now there is an iron curtain. There is a bamboo curtain. There is a purple curtain." He said, 'Brother, don't you fear none of the rest of them, but watch that purple curtain. She is sitting right here on the throne today in this country. Remember, just like Ahab did, Jezebel behind him. The Bible calls the Catholic Church Jezebel prostitute. And Ahab wasn't no bad guy. I don't say that Mr. Kennedy isn't a nice man. I don't know nothing about him. He's a man. That's all I know. He's the president. I believe he'll make a good president. It's not him. It's that system behind him. Wait till she gets wormed into the cabinet and everywhere she can. Then watch what happens. Look what it done in the other nations and look what it's always done. So what it tells us is we're setting it's everything is being set up for the tribulation. Everything is being set up. Can you say amen? Remember she's sitting on the throne today in this country. I personally believe that the power of darkness is fixing to be manifested like never before. You know, brother Brandon, or the Bible tells us in Nebuchadnezzar's dream there in the book of Daniel that Romanism, the Catholic Church prophet says will swallow the world. Right? And Daniel tells us that Romanism ran out. You know, it started with the kingdom of Nebuchadnezzar, then the Mes and the Persians, and then Alexander the Great. But all them kingdoms run out. One took another one and another one took another one and all that. But Romanism ran all the way to the end to the 10 toes. Ain't that right, Brother Brham said them 10 toes run in every kingdom under the earth? Ain't that right, brother Brandham? He talked about the three curtains that exist today. the bamboo curtain which is red China, the iron curtain which is Russia, and the purple curtain which is Rome. Have you ever if you just if you watch the news you you see that everybody's they're worried about two countries, China and Russia. China and Russia. No one talks about Rome. That's right. And yet an eagle, God would send that eagle. Amen. In our day to tell that elect, don't you worry about China ain't going to take the world. Don't worry about Russia. They're not going to take the world. You watch Rome. Ain't that right? He said, "Listen, thus said the Lord. Repent. I predict three curtains in the name of the Lord." There's one called the Iron Curtain, which will be Russia. Watch Red China. That'll be the boom bamboo curtain. They're horrible. But watch that purple curtain that's rising in the United States and over the world. So don't be watching them watching them in Rome looking over there. They're rising in the United States. Ain't that funny? read the other day that they're trying to p a congressman or senator is trying to pass a a law to where that that any foreign country, any foreigner that comes over here like China and Chinese all that can't buy property on soul, you know, on on on US land, you know, cuz they're buying it up, you know, so they're like, "No, we can't be doing all this." And while they're worried about that, they got Catholics. Exactly. In in the White House. True. Passing laws. And a prophet said, "Don't you worry about everything else. You better watch that that that purple curtain." Watch Catholicism. Watch Romanism. Can you say amen? See, so the Roman curtain is the one that's going to take over the world. Fulfilling, Ain't that right? Fulfilling uh um uh Daniel's prophecy. So he says, "See, watch that purple curtain that's rising in the United States and over the world, the Roman Empire, the crulest of all of them." That's right. Remember, in the name of the Lord, get away from it. Come away from anything that's attached to it. Flee to the rock. The coming of the Lord is at hand. Amen. So as we see that this is rising among in the United States it's a sign to us another sign that the coming of the Lord is here. Can you say amen? He said see there's the iron curtain there's the bamboo curtain red china and so on and there's the purple curtain. You watch that curtain that's the deceiver ain't that right? Watch that purple curtain. Keep your eye on that for that's the one that's going to rule. Ain't that right? So, I'm going to close. But why isn't the church fighting against Rome? Why isn't the world leaders rising up against Rome? Revelation 17:2 tells us that the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. In the fourth verse, John said that this woman had a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication. Ain't that right? And the prophet said, "This is what she is giving the world." And they are swallowing it and are dropped by it. If you didn't get a chance to hear Brother Andrew's sermon Sunday, go back and listen to that. I I really encourage you to go listen to it. and and um he uh he had a picture uh he showed some pictures and one of those pictures uh apparently when he was a child, brother Bisco had come to the church and had showed this picture but it was it showed three of our presidents kneeling at a pope's Catholic or Pope's uh uh uh casket. all kneeling there at and and and he he made just such a a good thing about it. He says, "And who is the who who's who is making a fuss? What what what person in the world's making a fuss about that right there? Come on. That's right. No one. No one." And he showed some other pictures and he says, "But who who is what church? What denomination? What world leader? What anyone is making a fuss about these pictures?" Yeah. No one. There's only one picture that they make a fuss about. And he showed a prophet right there. That's the only one they're going to make a fuss about. Even in our own message ranks, they're saying that the church ain't a fitting place for that picture. That blows my mind. But that's the only man that wouldn't kneel down and bow to that thing. That's the only man. That's the only man that's been vindicated of God. And that man by the anointing of God tells us, "Watch that purple curtain." Satan hates this message. Hates that picture right there. Can you say amen? He hates it. Amen. Out of all the things in the world that the world should be grumbling about, that's what they grumble about. They criticize. But I would encourage you to go listen to it. But brother Brandham said, "See, they're drunk. They're just drunk on it." He said, "All that bunch of Irish and French and so forth will cut your throat if you say one thing against that church." Said, "Sure, they will." See, now just in my thoughts and and nothing scriptural or anything, but I do I do find it a little interesting that the new pope was elected on the eighth day in of the fifth month. And there's nothing, you know, I'm just putting it there. But in 1 Peter 5:8, Peter says, "Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour." Is is, you know, is that all by chance? Is it all I don't know, but him being elected on the eth day of the fifth month. But it is interesting also that the pope is using this pope is using the name Leo and the Latin word Leo is lion. Right. Right. And again, this pope of course is is part of the antichrist system and is anointed with the antichrist spirit, right? Which has sought, this spirit has sought to be like God and to be worshiped as God, right? And you look in Isaiah 14:12, it talks about it, you know, where Satan says,"I will sit up on the mount or I will ascend into the heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high." And this is what this this system Satan's working able to fulfill all this through this Catholic system. and and uh you know and and then here 2 Thessalonians 2:3 Paul says, "Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come, the day of Christ, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed the son of predition, who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that he as God sitth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Can you say amen? That's right. Everything that God has, Satan has a counterfeit to it. The prophet said, "The devil throws every counterfeit he can right in the fa in the way to confuse you." The devil's got a counterfeit in the last days to deceive the people by. I say to you, that Catholic Church is a counterfeit to God's church. Denominations are a counterfeit to God's church. The and harlot system is a counterfeit to the bride of Jesus Christ. The pope is a counterfeit to what God is. Can you say amen? We find in in if you look at the zodiac uh you know that brothers that was God's first Bible and he says and to start it off was the virgin uh uh ver Virgo. Uh the first figure in the zodiac is the Virgo if I'm saying that right. Virgo in Latin means virgin which tells of the first coming of Christ born of a virgin. The last figure in the zodiac is Leo the lion. Which speaks of Christ's coming? His second coming. Ain't that right? All right. And notice he says, "And as God has moved down through the age, we're at Leo the Lion, who is the bride." That's right. We're at Leo the Lion. We've got our head lifted up. Our redemption draweth nigh. Ain't that right? There's a rapture on its way. It'll be here any moment. We're not looking for a virgin. We're not looking for uh him to come forth from a virgin. We're looking at him to be king, coming as the lion of the tribe of Judah. Can you say amen? He says we're in the book of the Revelations at the last chapter. Science says we're 3 minutes before midnight. Oh, think of where we're at. Can you say amen? And I find it interesting that this pope would call himself Leo. Part of an antichrist system, one who claims to have jurisdiction over hell. Uh what is that? The the uh uh death, hell, and purgatory. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and so we we find in where we're at and and uh as I close this this system, remember, is designed to take the place of God. Some people figure that Pope Leo will continue with the same ideology that Pope Francis had. And a lot of our GOP members are upset about it and worried about it or whatever. Pope Francis was more liberal and was considered by devoted a lot of devoted Catholics to be a rebel to the traditions of the Catholic Church. But a Catholic man and and he I don't know if he how high of the rank he has in the Catholic Church, but he wrote an article giving reasons as to why Pope Leo will not follow in Pope Francis's steps. And so he he he gives the certain reasons. I didn't write them down or anything, but uh a lot of the things that Pope Francis done broke the traditions of the Catholic Church, Pope Leo has come and has has continued back to the traditions of the Catholic Church in in ways the way a pope is supposed to be, how he's supposed to dress, his garments, and da da da da da. And so he says that these are reasons or these reasons are indications to the Catholics that Pope Leo will follow the traditions of the Catholic Church. The writer goes on to say he Pope Leo will defend the Catholic faith as a faithful father and shepherd of the church. All Catholics should hope and pray for this, but so should all non-atholics, whether Protestants or unbelievers, for the simple reason that the Christian faith is what undergirds western civilization. And without a clear, strong voice in the Holy Sea defending the faith, our civilization will not long endure. So now he's putting himself as the voice of faith. Yeah. One headline I had saw is where the the uh they said the cardinals before they had voted uh got that far that that the cardinals were looking for someone to reawaken people back to God who have left God. That sounds nice. But the only way they've tried to reawaken people is through persecution. And anyone that would not come to the Catholic faith were considered heretics. So you just wonder where are we at? But I can tell you prophecy has been fulfilled and it's going home time. It's truly truly going home time if the musicians will come. Absolutely. That's true. You know, I I had a lot more to go, but Paul Brother Bran taught that there were twins in every revival and he showed it all the way down through since the beginning. Then he talked about how on the day of Pentecost, the spirit of God came and brought forth a revival. But it wasn't long after that that the spirit of Antichrist came, the twin. And Paul would say in Acts 20:29, "For I know this, that after my departing," now this wasn't long after Pentecost, but he said, "After my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them." Then in 2 Thessalonians 2:7, Paul said that the mystery of iniquity doth already work. It wasn't even long after Pentecost had come that the mystery of iniquity now started to work. And this was in the first church age. And brother Brandham says, "By the end of Paul's age, the church was already feeling the coming of a pope." By the end of Paul's age, he said they seen this nickel stuff was rising up and they was going to make a holy man to what? Pope. Make a pope a holy man. worldliness and uh aristocrats had creeped into the church and changing the order of worship. Paul with the Holy Ghost had caught that in the spirit and the church with its classics and dignitaries and dignitaried personalities and so forth. They seen there was coming something and the Holy Ghost was warning them of the last days. It started as the the deeds of the nicicoatans. Then it become an organization or a doctrine. Then it become an [Music] organization. You see the deeds of the nickelans then the organization starting the great dignitaries over the churches so forth then formed into the Catholic church. And remember Jesus told us that there would be mystery workers of iniquity in this age. Workers of iniquity. And brother Brandham said, "See, it's the mystery of iniquity at work. Deceivers deceiving people off into [Music] something." Can you say amen? But I thought of all this, you know, what what what is this? what what's happening? Not to get into it all, but brother Brand or Paul would tell us that the man of sin could not be revealed until there come a falling [Music] away. We've been living in a great falling away. It's it's been a [Music] um it's it's been uh several years now. Brother Brandham talking of Samson preach that se several message one more time Lord right once more Lord and things like that. But brother Brandham said this. Paul said there cannot be an end time. There cannot be a time till the falling away from the real. Everybody say real Pentecostal faith. Now remember they're talking about a faith that this pope is going to be a defender of the faith. God. that he he can't manifest himself till the people fall from the faith. And brother Brandon said, "It ain't a Catholic faith. It ain't it has not this faith has nothing to do with the Catholic church and the world system and image of the beast. This is the Pentecostal faith." He said, "See, the Pentecostal faith will be done away with and the dignitaries will be set in. They'll have a man that'll take the place of God, sit in the temple of God, and oppose himself above all the people like that. He said, "What is it?" Niko overcoming the leoty. All that's called God. He'll sit in the temple of God like God. And Paul said, "There had come a falling away first in the last days." And here we are right now seeing that falling away. See the church getting further and further away from it. Going right back again. We're at the end time. Can you say amen? And if you look at this Pentecostal faith, it's God's own faith. Revelations 2:13, God talks to the third church age, saying, "I know thy works where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seed is, and thou holdest fast my name, and has not denied my faith." His faith was the Pentecostal faith that he had given them on the day of Pentecost. Brother Rabb said Satan St. Martin was that angel messenger to that third church age. He was one of the greatest that ever we've ever had in the line of men since Jesus Christ. He kept the Pentecostal faith in the midst of that church age. His churches was all filled with the Holy Ghost. They all spoke in tongues, had signs and wonders and miracles, just all kinds of miracles taking place. Can you say amen? He kept that faith. But in this age, there's a falling away. The man of sin cannot be revealed. Satan cannot come into that man and make himself well fully incarnate until the falling away has come. Church, we're there. I I don't know how to explain it, but we're there. Can you say amen? Brother Brham says, "What we need is a born again experience with back to the baptism of the Holy Ghost with the gen genuine real genuine Pentecostal faith in God exercised in our church." That brings something that you're led by the spirit. When the word speaks, you say amen to it and you believe it. Now notice as we close, Malachi 4 was promised to bring us back to that Pentecostal faith. Outside of this message, you will not go back to that Pentecostal faith. Not that real. You'll be part of that falling away. And you'll look at the Catholic Church as some great defender of the [Music] faith. He's a deceiver. Can you say amen? You love the Lord. God bless you is our prayer. Love you. Hope it's helped you a little bit. But the um what a time to be living in cuz we know we we know we're not part of the great tribulation. We know that. Brother Matthew McGary, you know, he he he made a statement. He goes, "I have never been so excited to see a pop elactic like I have this time." And I thought, "That's exactly right." Because we know what it means to us. We know we don't have to put up with the filth anymore much longer. We We're not We're seeing things taking place. Church, God has fulfilled something for you and I years ago when he sent a prophet. Now the world is catching up to their prophecies. We've been under that message ripening and ripening and ripening. Our faith is becoming more stronger in this message than ever have [Music] before. The world is now coming to their prophecies. It's getting closer for them to come into tribulation. We know where we're going. Amen. Can you lift your hands and just thank God for his grace upon our lives? We could be part of it. We could be worshiping some man, some doctrines, some antichrist system. We could be caught up in all the the the the falling away of the faith. that God by mercy, by grace, has allowed us to be part of this end time message to prepare us for a rapture. Not preparing us for tribulation. We're not getting into the spirit of the end times. We're getting in the spirit of rapture. Oh, bless the name of the Lord. How we love you for that, Father. We thank you, Lord. We praise you, God. Our hearts are yearning for you, Lord. We're just saying, draw us closer to you, Father. Oh, may your grace be more upon us than ever before. We ask it, Lord. We thank you. We're waiting for you, longing for your return. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. This is the evening time. I'll sing it again. Oh, this is the evening time. It's later than you [Music] think. The bride is preparing now. Oh yes, yes, yes. [Music] All things are ready. The bride by bridegroom hath spoken. He that hath an ear to hear the evening [Applause] time. Oh, say it again. Oh, this is the evening [Music] time. It's later than you think. The bride's been preparing now for her, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear. He that hath an ear to hear. The evening time is here. One more time. Oh, this is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now. I believe the bride's ready. I believe that she's been ripened. Hallelujah. No arguing with the message. No doubting with the message. Not afraid of it. Not ashamed of it. To hear the evening light is here. Oh, isn't the Lord wonderful? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. There's that song, Going Home. I'm going home. There's nothing to hold. Is that the way you feel? There's nothing to hold me here. Oh, I've caught a glimpse of that heavenly land. Praise God. I'm going home. Sing it again. Oh, go. This whole body is going to change. Won't be much longer [Music] now. Everything we preached about, lived for, sung for, sung about, every effort, it's going to be worth it. Going to be reality. Praise God. [Music] Keep serving the Lord, mamas. Keep persevering. Oh, going home. I'm going home. There's nothing to hold me here. Oh, I've caught a glimpse. Heavenly land. Praise God. I am going. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet now. Oh yes. Going home. I'm going home. There's nothing to hold me [Music] here. I've caught a glimpse of that heavenly land. Praise God. I am going. May God bless you is our prayer. May you mothers have just a wonderful day today. I pray the Lord just refreshes you, re-energizes you, blesses you spiritually, physically. May he grant your heart's desire [Music] today. Amen. I love him. We want to remember service 7:00 Wednesday. We want to keep [Music] um brother Mark, brother Daniel, brother Junior and their families in our prayers. they be going away for a few days. God will just uh be with them. May they have a good time. And um I guess that's all the announcements that we have. Amen. So, God bless you. And uh brother Amos, would you want to dismiss us in prayer? [Music]
