################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Pastor Shawn Martin The Word Has The Power To Transform - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "The Word Has The Power To Transform"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMIQzaOsEzM
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm going to lift my hands. hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name. Till the walls come falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song like I am unshamed. I'm going to shout for joy at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. Can we stand? Oh, there's a calm that covers me. When I kneel down at your feet, it's a place of healing. It's a place where I find freedom. [Music] Oh, there's a place my eyes can see, where my spirit longs to be. It's a place of healing. It's a place I live in. [Applause] [Music] freedom. I'm going to lift my hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name till the walls come falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song. Oh, like I am unashamed. I'm going to shout for joy at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to [Music] worship. Oh yes, there's a love that lives in me. Oh, for you, Lord, my Savior, King. It breaks the sin that's binding and leads me to a place of freedom. Oh, I'm going to lift my hands, oh, till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name till those walls come falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song. Oh, like I am unashshamed. I'm going to shout for joy at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. Can we sing that first verse again? Oh, there's a calm that covers me, Lord, when I kneel down at your feet. Oh, it's a place of healing. It's a place where I find freedom. There's a place my eyes can't see. Oh, but my spirit it longs to be. Oh, it's a place of healing. It's a place I live in freedom. Sing it with all your hearts now. Oh, I'm going to lift my my hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name. Oh, till the walls come falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song. Oh, like I am unashshamed. I'm going to shout for joy at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. There's a love that lives in me. For you, Lord, my Savior, King breaks a binding, leads me to a place of freedom. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Did you come to worship him this morning? Oh, we love you, Father. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege, Lord, to come again, Father. Lord, to to hear your word, to give you worship, Father. Lord, it's one of the greatest things that we can do, Father. And Lord, we ask that you would just come in our midst this morning, Father. Lord, I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, Lord. Pray that you would touch every heart, Lord. Lord, heal every soul, every body, Father. Lord, Lord, we all need a touch from you, Father. Lord, I pray that you would come down, Lord. I pray that you would bless the word, Father. Lord, I pray that you'd bless the man of God as he comes and gives forth your word, Lord. I pray that you would speak through him, Lord, and speak to me this morning, Father. Lord, we just love you. We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, Lord. Lord, just help us to give you the glory, honor, and all the praise in your lovely name. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Can we just sing that song? I am bound for the promised [Music] land. I I am I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the pro. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Oh, and joining stormy banks I stand and cast a wishful life. Toward Canaan's fair and happy land where my possessions lie. Oh, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the prois land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. For all those wide extended plain shines on the eternal day, there God the sun forever rains and scatters night away. Oh, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. No chilling winds nor poisonous bread can reach that hellful shore. Sickness and sorrow, pain and death are fear and fail. Amen. Oh, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed will be soon? When shall I see my father's face and rest in his m Oh, I am bound for the promised land. Yes, I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. And no chilling winds nor poisonous bread will reach that hellful shore. Sickness and sorrow, pain and death are feared and felt. No, I'm looking forward to that day. Oh, I am bound for the promised land. Oh, I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Sing it again. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Amen. Are you on your way? Amen. Brother Tim, [Music] See a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. In a time when it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky. Oh, the children of Israel began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky." Oh yes. Now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, yes. I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now they opened up the door. A seventh time they looked once more. Oh, a tiny cloud was rising from the [Music] sea. They began to understand. The time for rain was at hand. Just like God said it would be. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. I like this. So today we had no fear for a cloud did appear. Oh, the prophet scream, "My bride, go through that door. Oh, have faith and just believe. Oh, a new spirit you'll receive. The rain is just about to pour. Oh yes, I see a clap like a man's hand. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to [Laughter] rain now. The brightest looking above. Oh, for the chain of love to fill their hearts with peace they have never known. And now she's become God's unfolded mystery. The promise word has already been sold. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to [Laughter] rain. Amen. Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. That song, you are the God that heals me. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. Yeah, you sent your word and you heal my disease. You are the Lord my healer. Sing it as a prayer. You are the [Music] God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. Yes, you are. You sent your word and you heal my disease. [Music] You are the Lord, my healer. He's speaking to you this morning. I am the God that healeth thee. I am the Lord. Oh, your healer. I sent my word and I've healed your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. I am the God. I am the God that healeth me. I am the Lord your healer. I've sent my word and I've healed your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. Can you just tell him this morning, you are the God, you are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, oh my healer. You've sent your word and you've healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. One more time. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You've sent your word and you've healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Say, would we just play softly now? Amen. We've got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known this morning. Amen. First of all, I failed to mention it's really good to have uh brother Doug's friend with us this morning. Amen. God bless you. Amen. But we want to keep uh brother Amos and sister Lisa in our prayers. Brother Amos is uh ministering for uh brother uh Tom Cresine. Amen. And uh so let's just keep him in our prayers. Um also uh sister Lisa's u daughter and her children uh they had a a tragedy a cure occur uh a few days ago. So let's just keep them in our prayers this morning and that the Lord would just go and be with them. Amen. How many has an unspoken request? Let lift your hands. Man, the Lord sees every need. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh brother Josiah if he would come and lead us in prayer this morning. Man, it's really good to have our pastor and uh Faith back with us. Amen. Sure miss them. And let's just keep our pastor in our prayers as he brings forth the word this morning. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you. And Lord, how thankful we are, Father, to be able to come in your presence and just worship you, Father, Lord, and sit at your feet and learn of you, Father. Lord, how thankful we are to know, Lord, that you're not just a God from the history, Lord. Not just a God of our forefathers, Lord, but you're but you're a mighty present God, Lord, in a time of need, Lord. Lord, we see those that are sick and needy amongst us, Father. We ask you Lord just to come and touch him. Father Lord ask for a real special blessing for sister Kim this morning. Lord ask you father just to come and touch her Lord Jesus. Father Lord you see the these these needs amongst us father. We ask you Lord just to move in a mighty special way. Lord bless our pastor this morning father as he brings us the word. Help him just lay himself aside father and to speak to us Lord we pray. We love you and thank you in Jesus name. Amen. and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. I am the God. I am the God that healeth thee. I am the Lord. Oh, your healer. [Music] I've sent my word and I've healed your disease. I am the Lord your healer. You can be seated as brother Doug comes. I am the God, oh that health thee. I am the Lord your healer. I sent my word and I've healed your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. Bless [Music] [Music] Byebye. [Music] [Music] Happy [Music] day. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, look. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that? [Music] On my way to heaven, the journey gets sweeter every [Music] day. Oh, I'm walking with Jesus, talking with Jesus all along the way. Well, my soul gets so happy. I shout and I sing night and day. [Music] I'm on my way to heaven. My jour gets sweeter every day. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. The jour gets sweeter every day. Oh, I'm walking with Jesus. I'm talking with Jesus all along the way. Well, my soul gets so happy. I shout and I sing night and day. I'm on my way to heaven. And my journey gets sweeter every day. Sister hope comes. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. My journey gets sweeter every day. You see, I'm walking with Jesus. I'm talking with Jesus. Oh, all along the way, my soul gets so happy. I shout and I sing night and [Music] day. I'm on my way to heaven. And my journey gets sweeter every day. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. His name is Jesus and he's my friend. He's softer than a drop of rain. He's stronger than a hurricane. He just took another in. He's my hero once again. He's my hero once again. Just saved another soul from sin. My Superman. He's always been. He's my hero once again. I don't need a pair of wings to fly. He put the cloud up in the sky. He can ride the wind where it does blow. He walks on water where it [Music] flows. They placed him in a borrowed [Music] tomb. With the stone they sealed his tomb, but in three days he rose again. He's my savior till the end. He's my hero once [Music] [Laughter] again. Just saved another soul from sin. My superman, he's always been. He's my hero once again. He's my hero once again. Just saved another soul from sin. A Superman he's always been. He's my hero till the end. [Music] Amen. Do you believe there's no one like Jesus this morning? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the [Music] rain. Saturate Lord my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] find my dry yet broken places. I'm thirsty for your love. And Lord, forgive me if I've wandered far away from you. You are all life I've ever needed. Come and make me new and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the [Music] rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me, Lord. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. [Music] Fresh on me. Fill my cup again. Make me whole. I need you now pour your spirit out. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. We uh no matter how long we've been serving the Lord, we um need him more and more every day. Amen. And uh we certainly love the Lord. Uh good to be here in the house of the Lord and trust you're glad to be here in the house of the Lord and uh good to have brother Doug's friend here with us. God bless you. Amen. And um these are exciting times. Amen. And uh just to serve the Lord and knowing that we're getting ready to to leave this place. Amen. And we certainly Amen. want to know that we are ready to meet the Lord. Amen. And um uh the musicians can be dismissed. And uh tell you what, you travel around you, you just makes you really glad to have good musicians. And and uh we certainly appreciate uh uh the talent that is here in the church and and they yielding themselves to the Lord and to bless the bride of Christ. Amen. And um it's good to hear that Sister Jane made it through the surgery. Okay. And doing good. Praise the Lord. We're thankful for that. And Amen. And u uh we certainly appreciate Sister Jane. Uh if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to the book of Psalms uh 107. um familiar scripture to us. Amen. Uh Psalms 107 and um then we'll also turn to the book of Romans the 12th chapter. But here in the 13th verse and 14th says, "Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble and he saved them out of their distresses. He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of uh death and break their bands in sunder." Amen. And uh we really want to go up. Let's go to the 19th verse. Then they cry unto the Lord, and he saveth them out of their distresses. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. Amen. He sent his word, healed them, and delivered them from their destructions. Then in the book of Romans the 12th chapter. Amen. And we'll read verses 1 and two. and says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, as we approach your word, Father, you're the only one that can reveal it to us and give us the spiritual understanding that we need. And we pray, Father, that you would do it today. I'm just man, just mortal, Father, but just asking that you would take these mortal lips and you would speak through them. And father, may the spirit go forth in the audience, Father, and quicken the word uh to them, Father, for that's what we need today, Lord. We just ask that you would draw us closer to you is our prayer. In Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. And if I would use a title, it' be the word has the power to transform. Amen. And I'm certainly glad that there is a power of transformation. Amen. And um the scripture here in Psalms, he sent his word uh has been standing out to me here lately and um because I believe that's what he has done in this age. Um he has sent his word and as we know uh God gives the best um he gives the best things to his people. uh he can't anything that he gives you us, he can't give us anything better because that's just the way he is. He's perfect to begin with. So he he couldn't give us anything better outside his word. So he gave us his word and um God never has to repent about nothing. He never has to back up on anything um uh because his decision is perfect. And so uh uh well why would then God send us his word? Uh because it's it's our defense against the enemy. And when we speaking of enemy, we're not speaking of a a country or a nation or a certain people, but uh we're speaking of Satan. Satan is our enemy. And uh it's it's so the word of God is our defense, but it is also our weapon, amen, against the enemy. And so as as we know that God fortified man by his own word uh there and but it's not our intellectual understanding of the word that fortifies us against against Satan. Uh that's that's not what we're there. But uh we're fortified by the word of God. And and the prophet said by the spirit of God and by the power of God. So we're fortified by the word of God, by the spirit of God, and by the power of God. We don't want just the word. We want the spirit of God and the power of God uh with that word. Ain't that right? So, in the beginning, it's just like God spoke and and uh and and when he spoke his word, then the spirit of God came and moved behind that word. And and and so when the word was spoken, the spirit brought forth the manifestation of the word of God and the power of God. uh uh and so therefore uh uh now many know the word intellectually from uh just a a um maybe a schooling or from what they've heard um and yet they remain under the control of Satan. There's a lot of people know this Bible. There's a lot of people that have have read this Bible through and through and yet still under the control of the devil and and we know what the devil does. He's the one that destroys homes. He he wrecks lives and uh you know just just all kinds of things that Satan does. So God sends his word, but the word is no good unless we believe it. You've got to believe the word. You you we could sit in church all of our lives, hear the word, and the word will do us no good if we don't believe it. And Eve is a prime example of that because they they she and Adam was fortified by the word of God. Satan could not touch them. He could not do nothing to them until she disbelieved God's word. So then the word of God is important to us. I know I know that uh uh you know in Pentecost we we put more emphasis on the music than we did the word of God. We put more emphasis on on things. And so people put more emphasis on on their dress and dressing nice and and uh you know making sure everything matches and their hair is right and and it more than they do the word of God. Or they put more emphasis on playing the right song and and and and making sure everything just sounds real good and and that's fine, but but that can't supersede the word of God. Uh um so so we we can emphasize a lot of things and and put the word on the back burner, but the word of God, it was important to God. It was important enough for him to give it to us. And so it ought to be important for us to receive it. Ain't that right? See, if we didn't have the word of God, then then Satan would be able to do anything that he desired to do of us. If if we didn't have that word, see, and so then then and if we don't believe the word that God has sent to us, then we open the doors for Satan to do anything he wants with us. And so the word of God again is the standard. It's it's it's the thing that that uh uh keeps Satan at bay. Now, you know, we all go through trials and and tribulations and things and but that does not mean and I I know sometimes it seems it that way, but it does not mean that Satan is able to have his way with us. You say, "Well, I've been believing the word and I'm still going through trials and and hardships." But but that does not mean that does not mean that Satan is having his way with you. See, God promised that we would go through trials. You believe that? He promised it. So, so trials shouldn't be a a uh a surprise. Amen. But but trials does not always mean that that we're being punished or that God has forsaken us or that we've done something wrong or whatever. Uh if you look in Deuteronomy 8 and5, I'm going to just read some scriptures here. But the Lord said to Israel, "Thou shalt also consider in thine heart that as a man chastineth his son, so the Lord thy God chastineth thee." Ain't that right? He also said unto them, "Thou shalt remember all the way which the Lord thy God led thee these 40 years in the wilderness to humble thee, and to prove thee, and to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldest keep his commandments or no." Ain't that right? So then then we find that that God has reasons uh uh for the trials. Amen. Now, Hebrews 12 and6 uh through 111. Whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. If everybody say if. That's a big word. If you endure chastening, then God dealeth with you as sons. Ain't that right? But you got to go through the chastening. See? And and so for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? But if you be without chastisement whereof all are partakers. All are partakers. Ain't that right? So there's not one Christian that does not go through trials. Amen. And tribulations and that is not chasened. But if you be without chastisement, in other words, you can't stand that correction and and and God can't have his way with you in what he's trying to do with you, then he says, then you are bastards and not sons. In other words, you're illegitimate. You're none of his. See, furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh, which corrected us, and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much uh uh rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? For they verilely for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure, but he God for our profit. Can you say amen? So, so the chastening that man does is totally different than the chastening that God does. man does it for a totally different reason than a lot of times. And and this is what he's saying. For they verilely uh uh uh for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure, but he our for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. Now, no chastening for the present uh seemth to be joyous but grievious. Ain't that right? It's in them times that Satan starts uh uh putting things in our mind and and causing us to think uh well, God doesn't love us. God is away from us. God ain't answering us. I've done this and I've done that or or somebody else has done this and some there and so so God's punishing us. And that's not always true. Ain't that right? See, so no chastening for the presence seems to be joyous but grievious nevertheless. Afterward, it yieldth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. So, Brother Brham says, "Oh, everyone that's ever experienced the birth of an eagle yourself being one of Jehovah's eagllets, you know what I'm talking about. Trials and tribulations." Ain't that right? See, Almighty God taken his own son into the wilderness and turned the devil loose on him. See, and and and sure, every and every son that cometh to God is tried and chasened of God, ain't that right? Trials and tribulations, get bankrupt, everything go wrong, lose your business, lose your friends, your friends walk away from you. a sticker here and a sticker there. See, just remember God's testing you. God's going to do something for you. Don't lose that that that thought. Now, in your trial, keep in mind, God's going to do something for you. Ain't that right? See, so another place, God throws trials and tribulations on you. Every son that cometh to God must be tried and chasened of God. He don't want you to get adjusted to this world. Maybe he throws you on a bed of sickness. Maybe he let you have heart trouble. A sticker. Everywhere you turn, there's a sticker. Ain't that right? Now, now it's easy. It's easy for people to find fault when someone's going through the trial. It's easy when you're standing on the outside and you're looking at someone going through things and and and you're thinking, "Why can't they get their life together? What what what's going on here? And why can't Well, let me offer them some vice or we'll correct them. We'll rebuke them. We'll do everything we can because we feel like they need our our blessing. They need our help, our advice." See, and and it shows the lack of spirituality because they don't understand they're actually in God's hands. And God is doing something and he's sending them through these things for a reason. Can you say amen? See, and so it when you when you're looking at someone in the trial, it or when you're looking even at the church and they're going and it seem like they ain't going anywhere and all these things, it kind of makes uh people on the outside that uh uh kind of feel a little bit more spiritual and and really that's not it. It's just that they they they they're going through things and that's why you got to bear with them. Ain't that right? You bear with them. You bear with one another when they're going through the trials and the tribulations and all these things. And because we as as uh people of understanding and know the way of God, we know that God is putting them to the test. Whether it's an individual, whether it's a home, whether it's a church, whether it's a preacher, whether it's the deacon, whether it's mom and dad, child, or whatever, God's going to put us to the test. Ain't that right? See, and so now Job had to deal with the faultfinders and and these things and and uh the his accusers. See, and and and they couldn't help it. Amen. That they would criticize. It's just in their nature to do that. Amen. See, and so uh uh Job was criticized or accused of being a secret sinner. Prophet said by his own by by his own church members. And they accused Job of being a secret sinner like they might accuse this woman here in the wheelchair. He's saying, see, and the young man there on the bed, the little child and the father standing there maybe being a secret sinner. Oh, you've done something. But that's not always the case. Ain't that right? See, so people may be going through sickness. They may be going through uh losing everything that they've got. And you cannot just put that amen to well, God's punishing them and oh, they've done something horrible, you know, and all that because not every trial is a result of somebody sinning. That's right. So, you know, the Bible mentions that man that was blind from birth and and some thought that he or his parents had sinned that that caused this this blindness. But Jesus said neither of them had committed this sin. See, none of them. But he says this. Jesus says the man was born blind so that the works of God might be made manifest in him and at that time and at that season God uh gave that man his his eyesight. Ain't that right? Brother Bram tells of the story of of uh uh the the time he was called to pray for a a baby that had died and in in Germany and and uh the woman's husband was stationed there in the army and and things and so uh the baby was just born and I guess and it had died uh sometime during the night. So it was a a few hours uh passed dead uh before they knew it and and the mother had given the doctor of that that book a prophet visit South Africa beforehand and so he had been reading it and things and and so when they realized that the baby had died she she told that doctor she said God's going to raise my baby up. God's going to raise my baby up and and said, "I I I want to get a hold of uh uh brother Brandham, which he was in the States at that time, and and said, I I want to, you know, uh get a hold of him and have him to come and pray for the baby." And well, they tried to get a hold of Brother Brandham, I think five times or so, and and wasn't able to. And so, the doctor told her, he says, "You know what? I'll I'm going to put I'll put that baby on life support and I'll keep it on life support and until he comes and and so the baby uh uh was on on uh the machine for 2 days uh uh and while they were waiting and brother Brandham he says this he says I was over here praying uh they finally got a hold of him and so he said well let me pray about it and he said they they already had a jet and and everything ready. And he said, "I could leave here with an army jet and be back the same day to Germany." And he says, "And one morning about daylight, I got up and the wife went out of the room and and I just awakened and I laying there a little bit directly. I heard something coming into the room and I looked and there was something moving in the room. I jumped up and I said, "Lord, what would you have your servant to know?" And and uh he said, "Do not rebuke that. That's the hand of the Lord." Now, could you imagine that? Baby's dying or or has already passed. The mom's believing and and looking to be prayed and the angel of the Lord is uh saying, "Don't don't touch that. Don't rebuke that. Uh it's it's the Lord in this." And and so um he said, "I got got her on the phone." I said, "No, God has called your baby." So, you know, so he refused to go and of course they buried the baby and all these things and then she come back in the United States and got to talk with brother Brandham and and she asked him, she goes, "Well, what was it, Brother Brandham? Uh, did what was it my weakness of faith?" And and so Satan's already plaguing her, "Well, you didn't have faith and and this and that." And he says, "Oh, no." He said, "You have great faith. You prayed for your baby. You and your husband held on to that. God raised that baby. See, and he refused to do it because he knows what's best. Can you say amen? I I don't know why God puts us through things. I don't know why you're in the situation you're in, but God knows what's best. I don't know why the church is in its in the predicament and situations it goes through, but God knows what's best. Ain't that right? And so, uh, we he says, see, uh, and he he knows what's best and you still love him. That's real faith. Anybody when the mountains are moving and things can have faith, but let it go backwards one time and see how it works. That's when you prove whether you got faith or not. Can you say amen? You're going to give up when the troubles come. You're going to just go wacko when the troubles come. Oh, it's easy to worship. It's easy to be identified with the group. Amen. That that that everything is going great. It's easy to profess God then. It's easy to worship then. But when let it go backwards when everything is coming against us, then then that's where you prove if you've got faith or not. So every son that cometh to God must be chasened and tried of God. So remember, our trials work patience and patience works hope and so forth. So we just hold on to God whether he blesses us or not. We are right there to believe him anyhow because he's promised it. Can you say amen? So when Job went through his trial, we find even his wife turned against it. Uh him telling him to curse God and die. And then Job's three friends uh uh you know uh the ones that kind of felt more spiritual than Job uh uh uh they turned it they turned their backs on him for seven days talking about friends right and probably sending him texts and all that. Job you not had you boy you done it then you know you should be doing this and you should be doing that and you should be doing that. Just leave Job alone. You know what I'm saying? Just leave Job alone. God's got his hands on him. God knows exactly what he's doing. See, and so they turned Job's uh Job's friends turned their back on him and accused him and and all of these things and and and but then the prophet said God sent a young man by the name of Elahu to talk with Job. And God didn't send him to accuse Job. God knew that Job wasn't guilty. God knew that Job wasn't at fault. He's the one that allowed Satan to put Job in that situation. So he sent a young man by the name of Elahoo, a man not not to accuse him, but he told of told told him of someone who would come and stand in the breach in the last days to put his hands upon a sinful man and upon a holy God and bridge the way. And the prophet said when when Elohim Elohim revealed that to him, Job stood up and said, "Though these skinw worms eat my flesh, I shall see my redeemer." Amen. See, and and so it's it's not that that you're going through things that God's against you. You just got to hang in there. Keep your faith. Oh yeah. Job had faith. Job Job stayed true. For he said, "Though God slay me, yet God yet will I serve him. I came into this world with nothing, I'll leave this world with nothing." Amen. The Lord giveth, the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord in the trials. Can you say amen? Oh, God help us. So, first Peter 4:12, beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial, which is to try you as though some strange thing happened to you. Amen. And don't think it as something strange. We expect these things to happen, but we hold on to God. Can you say amen? See, so so it the trials doesn't mean that Satan's able to have his way with you and destroy you and and to take you from the hands of God and and to separate you from the love of God. He's not able to do that. God is allowing it to bring you closer. So, so as though don't don't you know think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened to you but rejoice in as much as you are partakers. Rejoice in as much as you are partakers of Christ's sufferings that when his glory shall be revealed you may be glad also with exceeding joy. James 1:2, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall in diverse temptations." Amen. Different temptations, and knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work. See, that you may be perfect or complete and entire, lacking nothing. Ain't that right? John 16:33 Jesus says, "These things have I spoken to you that in that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall you shall have tribulation." Not in the world you might have tribulation. You know, keep your fingers crossed, rub the rabbit foot for good luck. No, you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. Can you say amen? Be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. In other words, Satan ain't going to get you. Satan ain't going to be able to destroy you. Amen. I'm just allowing these things for a reason. I've I've got my hand upon you and I've overcome the world. And Satan is nothing but a bluff. He's defeated. He can't do nothing but what I allow him to do. I've overcome the world. Can you say amen? Amen. Acts 14:21. And when they had preached the gospel to that city and had taught many, they returned again to Lististra and and the other one and the other or and and Antioch. I can I can pronounce that one. And and confirming the souls of the disciples, notice, and exhorting them to continue in the faith and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God. So the prophet says, "We ask for comfort and peace. God gives us the best he could give us. Trials and tribulations. That's better than comfort and peace. Don't ask me how that's better. Just trust God that it's better. God knows what he's doing with your life. Can you say amen? So, we must not cry. We must not let that spirit of depression overwhelm us to where we just can't lift our head up anymore and rejoice. Remember, we must rejoice in the trials because it's not the devil that is having his way with us. It's God allowing him to do something or to us to go through these things. Amen. To make us more perfect in him. Can you say amen? Our comfort is just beyond the river. Can you say amen? The Bible also tells us to rejoice in hope, to be patient in tribulation, continuing instant in prayer. Can you say amen? Amen. So, we could go on about these these these things. Amen. I uh I I thought like Paul in Romans 5:1. Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. And not only so, but we glory. Everybody say, we glory. We glory in tribulations. We glory in tribulations knowing knowing. Now, if you're entering your your your tribulation not knowing anything, not knowing that God is with you, not knowing that God is still faithful to you, can you say amen? You got to have confidence in the blood. You got to have confidence in the promises of God. You got to know who you are. Amen. But we glory in tribulations also knowing that tribulation workketh patience. It does not work destruction. It workketh uh uh patience and patience experience and experience hope. Can you say amen? If there's a people that ought to glory in their tribulation, it's you and I. We don't ask for tribulation. Believe me, God will send them to you. He'll send the trial, but knowing that God is Goded in control. Brother Brham said, "You have to have a crucifixion before you can have a resurrection." Right. Amen. He goes on to say, "And before the church will ever be able to see a resurrected power, before I can see a new ministry take place myself, before you can ever enter into a fellowship with God, there's got to be a self crucifixion so that there can come a resurrection." Can you say amen? Amen. And the trials are there for us to die out to oursel, humble oursel, humble ourselves to his word and say, "God, just have me." Amen. It's not my will. Amen. I thought I had it all taken care of, but it's beyond me now. I thought I I thought I had the steering wheel, but I realize I ain't got everything's going crazy for me. I just need you, God. Die out to yourself. Die out to your will. Die out to your thoughts. Die out the way you think it ought to be. and let God have his way. See, there's got to be a self- crucifixion so that there can come a resurrection. We got to die out to our own thoughts, die out to our own ways, die out to everything that's around us, go through trials and tribulations that we might see a new resurrection, a new life. Can you say amen? Now, we we understand the Bible tells us that there will be those that'll fall away through the trials because they have not been rooted. Matthew 13:20, Jesus said, "But he that receiveth the seed into stony places." There's four types of grounds, right? And one of those grounds is a stony place, a stony heart. See, they they got their heart hardened. See, he that receiveth the seed into stony places, the same as he that heareth the word, and anan with joy receiveth it. So they hear the word, and with joy they receive it. Oh, thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Right? And yet hath he no root in himself, but dareth for a while. For when tribulation or persecution aristh because of the word by and by, he is offended. Ain't that right? See, so we don't want to be that type of ground. So trials are to be expected. You will go through them. I can't preach it uh uh good enough for to keep you out of it. You can't be good enough to stay out of it. You're going through the trials. You're going through the tribulation. And as brother Josiah says, suck it up. We got to get tough, right? So trials are to be expected, but Satan is limited to what he can do because of the word of God. Ain't that right? God sent his word. He sent his word as a fortress. Could you imagine if you didn't have the word? Could you imagine what Satan would be able to do if you did not have the promises? We We think we got it bad now. We could be an insane asylum. We We could be overdosing. We We could Amen. be all wrecked up. Amen. Now, every every child of God is predestinated by God. The bride is predestinated. And this word predestinated means to for ordain by divine will or decree to determine beforehand. So So God predestinated that that's what the Bible says. Amen. We were predestinated before the foundation of the world. Now I'm getting to what kind of word he sent to us. We were predestinated before the foundation of the world. If if if we could put it to a time of some type of a time, it was millions and millions and millions and millions of years. Amen. Ago that we were predestinated. But but it was we were predestinated before time. Amen. So there was no time limit. See, we were in God. God is eternal. He's self-existent. He's always existed. And it's hard for us to to fathom in our carnal mind, our our human mind, how that was possible. But but God's always been and and with God has been his thoughts. Amen. His thoughts are eternal, never beginning, never having an ending. Can you say amen? See, and and so we were in God's thoughts, the the elect. See, so uh uh uh those who are of the royal seed are the elect of God. Ain't that right? Are the predestinated fornown of God and were in the mind of God and his thoughts. In very plain language, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally, though not expressed until each came forth in the designated decree season. Ain't that right? So, so we we we're a thought of God. That's the attribute of God. And as we know then then God spoke a word. A word is an expression of a thought. You can't speak it unless you think it first. And and your thoughts are so uh um uh can come unconsciously. Amen. That that but you're speaking it. Amen. And so you you you A word is a thought expressed. Ain't that right? See, so God thought it, then he spoke it, and now it's becoming material. So Jesus himself was a predestinated creature of time. He was the lamb slain before the foundation world. That's what the Bible says that the lamb was slain before time began, before the world began, before man had ever been created. The lamb was slain. How was he slain? In the thought of God. in the mind of God. It was all right there. Ain't that right? See, and so then we find out that that lamb Jesus being that predestinated creature of time, he was the prophet that Moses spoke of. He was the woman's seed that was promised to Eve. He was the holy one that David spoke of that would not see corruption. Amen. See, so the word the word declared what he would be, what he would do, and how he would act. It was already there. The before he ever became man, Jesus Christ become manifested in flesh. Amen. Before he ever, Amen. walked upon the earth, there was a word concerning him. Can you say amen? Amen. That's right. That's why the woman at the well when Jesus came to her and done the Messiah sign, she said, "Sir, we know that when the Messiah cometh, he will do those things." How did she know he would do these things? Because there was a word that foretold of him and what he would do. Therefore, when he did it, she recognized that this is the Messiah that was promised in the word. [Applause] See, so he was the predestinated word. Now, what is the word? It's a word of promise. This word is a word of promise. And and the word of promise goes back into the mind of God. Thoughts of God. Amen. And so he he he planned it in his mind. Can you say amen? That's right. See? Amen. Now, it's a word of promise because it's impossible. The Bible says it's impossible for God to lie. Ain't that right? Amen. Another place God says, "My word shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I sent it to do." Therefore, his word is a word of promise. Amen. God thought it. He expressed it in the word and it became a promise. Well, what is a promise? It's a declaration that one will do something. It's it's a pledge to do it to bring it about or provide. So God promised it. Ain't that right? When he said there's going to be a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish, that wasn't just a wishbone. It was in the mind of God to have a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. He spoke a bride and said it will be. And he because he spoke it, he promised to provide it. He promised it. Ain't that right? See, a promise is a legally binding declaration that gives the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim. That's what Webster says. A promise is a legal binding declaration that gives the person to whom it is made to a right to expect it or to claim it. claim the performance or the forbearance of a specified act. Can you say amen? Amen. You wasn't promised to be a sinner, but you was a promised to be a Christian. You wasn't promised to go to hell. You was promised a heaven. Can you say amen? You wasn't promised to live in defeat. You were promised to live in victory. And you have a right to declare it. You have a right to expect it. You have a right to claim it. It's the word of God. Hallelujah. It's a promise. Can you say amen? And the Bible says we are children of promise. We're children of promise. In other words, our beginning does goes beyond just the genes of my daddy. My beginning goes in the mind of God. Amen. Before the foundation of the world, he thought of me. He spoke his word about me. And I'm a child of promise. The Bible says there in Romans that they which are the children of fle of the flesh are not the children of God. It's the children of promise that is counted for seed. Now see the Bible tells us, Paul tells us in Ephesians that God chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. Ain't that right? Why did he choose? He chose us. We were chosen to be holy and perfect. It's a promise that God made. He thought it. He spoke it. That became a promise. And God cannot lie. Ain't that right. Amen. That's That's right. So now we have a right to claim it. We have a right. Devil says, "Oh, you're going to go to hell. You're going to go to this." No, no, no. I' I've got a right to claim heaven. I've got a right to claim a rapture. I've got a right to claim my healing. I've got a right because it's a promise to me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Brother Brham said, 'If God before the world ordained that we should be holy and without blame and perfect in the sight of God and we struggling and murmuring and don't you think God seen all those things and he forneew it and predestined ordained us to be so elected us before the world was ever formed. Can you say amen? You know, you may be struggling. You may be but remember there there's there it even takes a struggle. Remember the the the the egg the chicken in the egg. It you you can't you can't crack that egg and have a birth. It the the birth has to come from struggle inside the egg. Yeah. Yeah. He's promised to be a chicken. He's he's got all the potentials there. But now he's right there in an egg. But something in that life is calling to come forth and express itself to what it's supposed to be. It isn't supposed to be an egg yolk. It's not supposed to be. That's just the beginning of it. But then it takes a struggle and he has to peck and peck and peck his way through the struggles. Can you say amen? That's right. So we have a right to come under expectation for God to fulfill his word. We have a right to claim to lay claim to the promise. God gave Abraham a promise. And and notice uh the prophet said, "I don't care what comer to Abraham." He stayed right with that word of promise. He just stayed right with it. See, you see the word become Abraham's protector. Yes. Yes. Yes, I know he was getting weak. And I know he was getting older. And I know Sarah, Amen, her her womb was dead. And and and and all of these things and and everything spoke around him spoke contrary to the promise. But Abraham fortified himself to the promise. He didn't lose hope. He didn't live life like it was helpless. He didn't live life like everything was just hopeless and he's just doomed for destruction. He was fortified by that word. Satan couldn't get to his mind. Satan couldn't get to him whatsoever. There was a word and he clung to that word of promise. No matter how Sarah come, others come, different ones come, everything. He counted it as though it wasn't. He looked at every negative thing around as though it wasn't. Why? He had a promise. Can you say amen? God sent his word to Abraham for a promise. And Abraham drew strength off that promise. Abraham lived off that promise. Abraham's faith grew stronger by that promise. He looked, he believed that he could see the promise because God promised it to him and that was all there was to it. It was God's word and it stayed right in him. Now, we didn't come, as you all know, we didn't come the way God predestinated us. We come contrary to what God thought of us. We come born as sinners, wretched, miserable brats. No good, afflicted by the devil, whether it be in this body or whether it be in our soul or spirit. scarred, right? Having these habits that was sinful, ungodly, bound by the devil, couldn't quit. So many people try to quit their smoking. Just a little old little old stick. See these big old tough men that can just just do anything and they can't even give up that little old thing. It's a spirit that's got them bound. It's a spirit of nicotine. They can't get rid of the pornography. They can't get rid of the lust. They can't they can't get rid of that bottle. So now Satan's got them saying, "Well, God loves me just the way I am. I'm a Christian. Bless God." Blankety blank blank blank. They're bound by the devil. Can you say amen? Yes, you can live above these things. You can live above sin. You can live above the filth of this world. You can live amen in an age of leosia and not be partaker of leotysa. You can do it. See? Amen. But we didn't come the way God predestinated us to be. And God wanted it that way. Believe it or not, God wanted it to be that way. We were born sinners, right? But that's not the end of our story. And to be honest, that's not the beginning of our story. Ain't that right? See, our beginning started with us being an attribute of God. Amen. See, Jesus again started as an attribute of God. The prophet said Jesus was the son of God from before the foundation of the world. The attribute of God. See another place it was an an attribute first was in God that he thought of himself as being human and that transmitted him down to be Jesus. Ain't that right? Now, Brother Brandham shows the difference between us and and and and Jesus. He says the difference between him and you as a son. Jesus was the son of God. You're a son. But the difference between him and and us he was at the beginning the word an amorpha body came in and lived in that in the person of Melzdc and then later we never heard of no more of Melzdc because he became Jesus Christ. See, so he becomes he he came from being an attribute, a thought to word, body. That's what that's what stood before Abraham that day. And then later on became flesh. That word became flesh. See? So see his first being was spirit, God, supernatural. All right? The great eternal. Second, he began to form himself towards flesh in a theophony and it's called the word a body. Another place the attribute was first God the thought the attribute itself all in one without being expressed just God with his thoughts his his attributes wasn't expressed yet in the word then when he expressed secondarily he became them the word and then the word was made flesh and dwelt among us when Jesus died Bible says He went to hell and preached to the souls that were lost. Ain't that right? Well, how did he do that? He had turned back into a theophony. Ain't that right? The word body. Now, notice this body isn't the only body that we have. According to the Bible, 2 Corinthians 5:1, for we know that if our earthly house, this whole body of this tabernacle were dissolved, if if today I die and and you you you're having a memorial service and my body's laying there in a casket. That's just the tabernacle. I'm not there. But what happens to me? I go to another body, right? So if this body was to turn back into dust and and and dissolve, we have another. We have a building of God and house not made with hands eternal in the heavens. This didn't come through through a sex act. It it didn't come from our parent. This is an eternal body, a theophony, a word body. So we have another body. It's it's a word body. But notice we bypassed that. Jesus came from attribute to theophony to flesh. We bypassed that. And we went from attribute to being attribute to flesh. We come straight from God. The attribute to be flesh to be tempted and tested by sin like Adam did. But notice, but when testing of his word is over, when the testings and the trials of life are over, then we are taken up to this body that was prepared for us before the foundation of the world. It is the word there that we skipped to come right around down here to be tempted and tested. Say, God's God knows what he's doing for us. Now, if we had come through that, there had been no temptation. We'd know all things. That's the reason Jesus knowed all things because he was word before he was flesh. Then then we become the word, right? So if we couldn't be tempted if if we knowed all things, but we didn't know all things. We don't know all things. So Satan can tempt us. He can try to get us to curse God. He can try to get us to curse our future. He could try to get us to doubt our future. He could try to get us to doubt that we are sons of God, daughters of God. But we have to take God at his word. Can you say amen? Here, here we are formed to the word image to be partaker of the word, feed on the word. Ain't that right? by pred being predestinated since the beginning. You see that little spark of life that you had in you from the beginning when you started your journey. He said see many of you can remember you joined this church and joined that church. You tried this and tried that but nothing satisfied but that one day but one day you just recognized it. See you you come like Adam another place you come like Adam like me you became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted that's what we all go through temptations we have never become the word we've just become the flesh man not the word another place you see in order to stand temptation you had to bypass the theophony you had to come down here in flesh to be tempted by sin. It's an all It's all in God's plan. Hello. He allowed this to happen for you to be tempted of the devil to you to be afflicted and for to go through the trials and the tribulations and all that. But he never forgot his word concerning you. That's right. Praise the Lord. Here another place before the foundation of the world his name is put on the lamb's book of life. Then from that he become the word the theophony that could appear and disappear. And then he become flesh and returned back again resurrected that same body in a glorified condition. But you bypass the theophony and become flesh man to be tempted by sin. But notice the Christian, the Christian is God's thoughts or God's thoughts is the Christian of today because you are an attribute of God. Can you say amen? So, so God allowed you to go through these things. He allowed us to be born in sin, to be afflicted, and to be tempted and to be tested and to be tried. He allowed us to go through these to feel the agony and to feel the pain and and all these things. But notice, but Jesus came. The prophet said Jesus came to break the clouds back so that attribute could display itself. Can you say amen? To show to the devil that you can do whatever you want to with these people, but they're still mine. I've claimed them and I what I thought of them to be, that's what they are and that's what they'll manifest. Can you say amen? So, so he come to break those clouds of darkness so that you the attribute could manifest itself. That's it. He's he is God's expressed word. Now, nothing could be manifesting. Other characters had all fallen. Then you see what did uh what did Jesus come to bring back those characters. No, they were born in sin shape and iniquity. He came as a redeemer and to redeem anything is to bring it back. Ain't that right? Amen. See, in other words, he he didn't just go shopping. As I've said before, you know, you you well, all of us like to shop in one way or another. Uh you you ladies like Kmart and Walmart and us guys like the gun shops and stuff like that, but you go shopping and you buy something new. Well, you're you're not redeeming. You're just buying something new. You could break something in your home and let's say you could break a plate or a glass or whatever and you say, "Well, I'm going to go get another one." You could go go to the store and get one just like that one and that's still not redeeming because you're replacing it. It could be just exactly alike, the same print, the same everything, same shape, everything. And yet it's not redeeming it. You just replaced it. The only way you could redeem is to take that shattered glass that is scattered everywhere and take every little piece and put it all back together and make it look like it had never been broken. There's not one of us that knows how to redeem. We couldn't. But he came to redeem. Can you say amen? See, and and so it was God's thought. You think little you, little me. See, no one in the world could take my place. Nobody can take yours. You being a Christian filled with the spirit of God and before the foundation of the world, God saw you and know every feature that you got. And Jesus come to bring you back. Aren't you glad for that? That's what Jesus was here for. The redeemer, the human body was to bring you back. that that had to come to be a human as a redeemer to display the his attributes as savior come to redeem you and bring you back to where you came from. Now this is what brings us to our opening scripture in Romans and be not conformed to this world but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind. Brother Brandham in the power of transformation. I was just listening to it couldn't sleep. So just listening to this and he said now that we have been saved as we are and that we have been filled with the Holy Spirit as we have now we want the mind that was in Christ to be in us. Amen. that we might be transformed from the natural things of life and be brought in to do the perfect will of God by transformation of God's spirit by his word. Can you say amen? Not not to be a Christian filled with the Holy Ghost and continuing in the same life. But now we're being transformed. Hello. from sinner to saint, from from from unholy to holy. Everything now what God had in his mind is now taking an effect in us and we're being transformed into that. Yes, sir. And the transformation takes place by the renewing of your mind. See the things that you once thought upon to be precious, lay that aside. Amen. Can you say amen? The things that you once thought to be precious out in this world, lay that aside. Amen. There there you got two different diets. There's a there's a diet that the world does. They feed off the filthy jokes. They feed off the carnal things of life. And that's all they feed on is just that that that you know what so and so did what so and so said and and they're negative and all these things and and the that that's all they feed upon. But a Christian now turns his mind his thoughts to something else. Turns his thoughts to the word which is an expression of God's thoughts. And now he begins to take the word which is God's thoughts expressed and he begins to meditate upon them. God said by his stripes I'm healed. Amen. Can you say amen? I am victorious. The God says there will be an overcomer and I am that overcomer. See what you're doing is you're putting yourself now in the mind of God. The thoughts that God had, God sent down to you in word form that you might take it into you and be transformed. That's good. The things that you once thought upon to be precious, lay that aside and be transformed to something else. What you was one time to what you are now. Can you say amen? Is this all right? So what is the word? Brother Brham said the very thing that God spoke before the foundation word give down to the prophets. That's all. See it's his spoken word that he spoke in the beginning. That's what the word is. It's God's word that he spoke in the beginning in now in word form written written word. The prophet said the Holy Spirit come down and just see uh uh uh spoke the word through the prophets as they wrote in on the book that God spoke before the foundation of the world. In the beginning was the word. Ain't that right? So So the word see God was declaring amen uh the end from the beginning. God God isn't there just through time waiting for things to transpire and then he speaks his word. He's already spoke it. He called you back then. He justified you back then. He already glorified you back then. That's what the Bible says. Whom he forno, he did predestinate. And whom he did predestinate, he did uh uh uh he called. And whom he called, he justified. And whom he justified, he glorified. God done that before the foundation of the world. Ain't that right? So, so the Bible is just the prophet to by the gift of knowledge to foresee what God spoke before the foundation of the world. So, this lets us know what God thought. This is all God's thoughts written down. Can you say amen? This is all God's thoughts. No wonder people don't like this Bible. Satan don't want you to read this Bible. You ought to read your Bible daily. Can you say amen? Amen. No excuses. You shouldn't get too busy to read this word. Ain't a Ain't that right now? Now Now that's for all of us. Amen. From the preacher all the way down. And Satan will try to get us busy. We're living in a busy age where we go go go go and hardly get nothing done. We have every excuse if if if if we you know I I just went, you know, got back from Alaska. Never got dark. Never got dark. So, we landed in in Alaska in Anchorage at 10 that night and then Faith and I got something to eat and we we got to the pastor's house close to 11:00 and as we were almost close there, we saw a guy out there watering his yard at 11:00 at night. Why not? It's daylight, right? We will always be busy if if we just had more time. I mean, it was strange going to bed in the daytime. But Satan will keep us busy, but and and you'll you'll be busy till you die. Take time to read the word of God. Take time to pray. Take time to meditate upon the word of God. Get off the phones. Get off the Facebook. Get out of the movies. Get out of your books. Get every down to the place to where you can. This book becomes the most important thing to you. Can you say amen? Spending time with God becomes more. And you women can do it too. Amen. If Suzanne Wesley can do it, having 17 children and pray two hours a day, we can do it as well. That's right. Can you say amen? See, so, so the Bible lets us foresee what God thought. Ain't that right? See, it's the very thoughts that God had before the foundation of the world, expressed them in word, dropped them down to the prophets, and they wrote them. That is the only thing it is. Now, it just has to unfold. And it is unfolding. See, ain't that right? Do you love him? Now see, so when God speaks a word, he could never go back on it. So as long as it remained in his thinking, in his mind as just a thought, well, nothing would have transpired. Nothing would have happened. See, but once he spoke, it changed everything. He could have thought, I want light. I want light. I see light. I know there's going to be light. I want light. And it would remain dark. until he spoke the word, let there be light. And when he spoke that word, the spirit of God channeled by that word and brought forth light. Ain't that right? Now, I'm going to close in just a minute, but you listen now. We only got one one service today. We are living in the age of the open book. Amen. Right. The mighty angel has come down with an open book according to Revelations 10 and1 which is Christ only it could be and has given it to the seventh angel to reveal it to his people. Come down gave the book to that seventh angel so it could be revealed to the people. The Bible talks about seven thunders uttering their voice. The seven thunders have uttered their voice. The message of the hour. The seventh angel has sounded and the mysteries of God are revealed. You'll find it all in Revelations 10:1 all the whole chapter. The perfect will of God. The what was in God's mind as a thought has and and and written in the word in symbolic form has now been revealed to you and I. feed off this message. Feed off that word. Now notice now what is our part now. Oh my. So we come into the message and just still remain with habits and we come into the message still just you know acting like ought to living like everybody else and having all this unbelief hanging on us and and you know we just living below our privileges and you know and all these things. No, not not according to the prophecy. Revelations 10:8. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go take that go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel and said unto him, "Give me the little book." And he said, "Take it un" And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." And I took the little book out of the angel's hands and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it up or eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, tongues, and kings." Can you say amen? So John eating the book was symbolic of him believing every word of it. You're not here to eat this book. You know, uh uh you ain't want to do that. Uh uh but believe every word of it. Now John was represented us. He was a type of the bride of today. Ain't that right? You you we are not to sit here and just learn the quotes and oh that was nice and oh I wish he'd hurry up and I just wish you've got to have this word being effective in you. And the only way it can be effective in you is you believe the word. God sent his word to to heal the sick. Amen. and to and and and and to to deliver them from destruction. Can you say amen? He he sent his word, but now here we are in the response. We are to eat the book. Believe every word. Now Jesus said if we add to it, add one word to this or take one word from it, our part is taken out of the book of life. See, not one scripture. We must take it just the way it's written. Man is to live by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. That's what Jesus said. Ain't that right? Also, eating the book was symbolic of becoming the book. Ezekiel, Amen. 2:8 says, "But thou, son of man, hear what I say unto thee. Be not thou rebellious like that rebellious house." Can you say amen? Amen. and message people, don't you let your hearts be hardened and rebellious and and have a rebellious spirit like like the world out there. Hello, church. Amen. See, but he says, see, open thy mouth and eat that I give thee. And when I looked, behold, and hand was sent unto me, and lo, a roll of a book was therein, a scroll, and he spread it before me, and it was written within and without. Amen. And there was written therein lamentations and mournings and woe. And before and moreover he said unto me, son of man, eat that thou findest. Eat this roll and go speak unto the house of Israel. So I opened my mouth. And he did cause me to eat that roll. And he said unto me, son of man, cause thy belly to eat and fill thy boughels with this row that I give thee. Then did I eat and it was in my mouth as sweet for or as honey for sweetness. Ain't that right? Amen. So, so brother Brand tells us now what what the prophet was doing. Amen. When he ate the book, he and the scroll became one. Can you say amen? He and the word, he and the prophecy became one. Amen. And what are we doing? The prophet said, see that's the believer when he receives the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit wrote the Bible and the spirit of God is the word of God. My words are spirit. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Hebrews 13:8. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when you are a part of that word, oh, then let something come up contrary to that word. Brother Bram snaps his fingers and said, "There's a little buzzard sets off right quick." It's to warn you that death is in the road. We should never do that. No matter what a church says or what a church would say, no matter what anybody else would say, if you're born of the spirit of God, you become part of the Bible. In other words, what God thought, Amen, in his mind and expressed it in the word and had it written down, now we are becoming the manifestation of it. We're becoming one with God's thoughts. Can you say amen? God sent his word to deliver from destruction. Well, do you love him? Now the word is now being made manifest. Yes, sir. You are the book. Amen. You are the attributes of God. You are the word. You are the You are well Paul would call it the living epistles. You are living epistles. Can you say amen? Written and known of all men. Amen. And what is it? The spirit follows the word like it did in the beginning. See, the word is the conductor of the spirit. Amen. The word conductor, it's it's a material or object that permits an electric current to flow easily. A material capable of transmitting another form of energy. Say that again. A conductor is a material or object that permits an electric current to flow easily. a material capable of transmitting another form of energy. See, so the word is the conductor. When you receive the word, the spirit of God comes in us. Amen. And starts flowing through that word. Amen. And goes to work for us and brings every promise of God to pass. Can you say amen? Claim that word. Don't you doubt this word one bit. Don't let Satan take that word and cause you to disbelieve your weapon. This weapon is the only thing you've got. It's the very thing that's going to transfer. The power of transformation lays in this word. Do you believe that? You see, the word of God is is is is God's thoughts in seed form. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and and so if if you look, Jesus told us to go preach the gospel. Go preach the gospel. You know, brother Bram said there's there's a difference in in in preaching or the word and then the gospel. He said, see, he said, if you were to ask me for an acorn tree and I give you an acorn, then potentially you have an acorn tree. Why? Because the acorn is the seed. So, I want to I want a tree. Well, go for the seed first. Get you a seed, plant it in the ground, and you'll have your tree, right? So, so, oh, so we say, "Oh, I want to be a Christian. Oh, I want to be an overcomer. Oh, I want to go in a rapture. Oh, I want to be healed. Oh, I I I I want to receive a body change. Oh, I I just want to live overcoming life. And oh, I just want this and I want that and I want this." Well, if it's in God's thoughts, well, God's thoughts are right here in word form. And you have to receive this, right? It's seed right here. This is the seed, right? So now, now notice we are commanded to preach the gospel. Brother Brian said, preaching the word is the acorn, but making it live is the gospel. Can you say amen? Preaching the word is the acorn. It's what we're doing today. But the gospel is when the word is starting to live. Amen. See, so the gospel is where the word is preached that comes to life in the people. So brother Brandham said if he promised the Holy Spirit, that's the word. Receiving the Holy Spirit is making it live, manifesting. If he promised these blessings by the word, then he's sending the word and producing what he said. That's the gospel. Well, aren't you glad for that? See, we believe in the gospel, not just preaching the word. We believe in the gospel to where the word is now taking effect upon our lives. Yes, sir. That's what the preachers are supposed to do. Preach. Sew the seeds. Sew the seeds, pass out the acorns. That's what we're doing. We're preaching promises. Amen. Not not bringing you under a legal legal thing. You can't produce promises that way. That's right. But you preach the promises handy you the acorn and watch the gospel take effect because the word see so but planting the seed will do no good if the ground wasn't prepared beforehand now we all know that right I ain't I ain't that smart but you know I I do know you you if you're going to plant a garden you just don't go out there and just start throwing seeds you have to prepare the ground, right? You have to till it up. That's the part I hate. Well, the only part I like is eating it. Pulling up them stupid weeds. Brother Jack, uh, I asked him one time, I said, "Brother Jack," you know, he was in, um, Pennsylvania and he's an older gentleman. And I said, "Brother Jack, why do you why do you pull all them weeds? Why do you take your time?" He said, "Because I never planted them. Anything I didn't plant don't belong." But you have to prepare the garden. You have to prepare it. Well, see, this is what Jesus did. Remember the seed fell on stony ground, thorny ground, the wayside, but then it also fell on good ground. Brother Brandham said, "The good ground is that heart that was pre-prepared before the foundation of the world. You was pre-prepared ground, brother Tim, for this day that when the seed would be sown, it would fall upon that good ground and it would produce exactly what God thought of you before the foundation of the world. Your faith ain't in vain. Your believing isn't in vain. Just stay right with the word. Oh, but I'm going through a hard time. But it does not mean that Satan's got his way with you. That's right. It's just the testings and the trials. But God's working something out. Be transformed by the renewing of your mind. I I know if the musicians will come, I know it gets hard. I know it gets discouraging. I know you just want to give up and throw your hands up and at that time you just want to say well what's the use of it all you know and and most usually people get discouraged and they start getting laxed you you with me now they start getting laxed don't start getting laxed I don't care if you're discouraged don't start bringing that stupid TV in your home right I'm just discouraged. So what's the use? So you spend more hours on the YouTube and all that junk and before you know it, you start wandering in things that you shouldn't. Filling your mind with all kinds of nonsense. Don't do that. Stay faithful. Amen. Stay faithful. Can you say amen? Amen. Because we know that it's just a season. It's just a season. You say, "Oh, it's a long season." I get that. But the promises are still true. The promises of God still remain the same. You tell me when God stopped fulfilling the word, then I I'll believe it. But you ain't going to prove it to me. He'll never show it to be able to show it to me because God remains faithful to his word. Can you say amen? God remains faithful. And so you press the battle regardless. All right. I trust it was a help to you. Be transformed, church. Be transformed. You say, "Well, I'm going through a trial. Is anything happening?" Oh, yeah. You're being transformed. Being transformed. You all know that story of a lady that was going by and she saw this cocoon and she saw that little little butterfly just a little little wing just a tad bit showing and it's struggling and struggling. and she thought, "Oh, poor thing." She got a something and she opened that cocoon out, uh, opened it up to where the butterfly could come out. And the butterfly just kept walking, but it never would fly. And she went whatever, talked to a specialist or whatever, said, "Why? Why won't it fly?" He said, "You've done the worst thing you could do for that thing. You've crippled it." What do you mean? I was trying to help it, but you didn't help it because see, it had to struggle. It had to. It had to come out on its own because the struggles is what strengthened its wings to fly. Now, it has no strength. And I'm going to tell you, church, it's time to fly. We're going home. And the struggles must be there for you to fly. You got it. It's God putting strength in you. Strength. Can you say amen? Teach us, Lord. Teach us to wait. Teach us to remain steady. Teach us to keep holding on. Can you say, "How many wants to fly? I want strength to fly. I I I I want to be more like him. I I I see what God's mind is now. I know what he got for me, and he wants me there. He'll never change his mind and I'll get there. But it's going to take some strength. I got to I got to go through them struggles. It takes the tears. It takes the groaning. It takes the the weeping. It takes the times of just being broken. But you're leaning upon him more and more. I love him. I love the Lord. He's so wonderful to me. Amen. [Music] So all by his [Music] word overcome by his word I prevail overcome. Can we sing it now? All by his word I prevail. By his word I'll never fail. [Music] by his word. I'll overcome. By his work I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Oh, sing it now. Oh, by his word I prevail. By his word I'll never fail. [Music] By his word I'll overcome by his word. I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Can you raise your hands to him by his word? Just worship him this morning. I'll prevail by his word. I'll never fail. Hallelujah. Oh, by his word I Lord come by his word. I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Can you sing that with confidence? Oh, by his word, we're going to make it, church. You're going to make it. Don't look at your past. Don't look at your failures. Don't look at what everybody else is doing. Look to his word. Eat the book. Hallelujah. Become one with it. You can just believe it. You don't have to explain it. You don't have to understand it. Just believe [Music] it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By his word, I'll prevail. I'll overcome. One more time, shall we? All by his word. I'll prevail by his word. I'll never fail. By his word I'll overcome. By his work I'll prevail. I'll [Music] overcome. Hallelujah. Do you love him? He's so wonderful. He sent his word to us. Hallelujah. What a thing. It should be important to us as much as it is to God. It should be as precious to us as much as it is to God. Amen. Amen. There's that little song. We've been made more than conquerors. We've been made more than coner, overcomers in this [Music] life. We've been made [Music] victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made more than [Music] coner overcomers in this life. We've been made [Music] victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. You have that first verse. Trouble may come knocking at your door. Don't be afraid. You know it's not like before. Don't you give in. Don't let it bring you down. You don't have to worry anymore cuz we've been made more than conquerors. Overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, hold on. We're getting stronger every day. There's no reason for you to go astray. Don't you lean to your understanding. Just lean on him and we'll all say we've been made more than conquerors, overcomers in this life. Hallelujah. We've been made victorious through the blood of the stand to our feet and sing it once again. We've been made more than [Music] conquerors, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ as they just play softly. God bless you is our prayer and we certainly love and appreciate you and thank you for your prayers. Amen. and the meeting uh services just were um helpful to the people we believe and believe that uh there was several deliverances there in in Anchorage and um just pray that God just continues to bless the church there, the people and u but it is again Good to have our visitor with us and uh uh with brother Doug and uh pray that God just blesses him richly. Amen. We love the Lord. Amen. And it won't be too much longer we'll be leaving this old world as we seeing all the signs and things pointing to that direction. Amen. I'm excited about it. Amen. May you have a good week in the Lord. Remember service um Wednesday and also we're going to start uh prayer meetings um on Monday evenings. And um I probably won't do it tomorrow, but we'll do it next Monday. I know probably I didn't tell you ahead of time and so you may have plans and things. So, starting next Monday, just going to start prayer and and uh those that can gather here at the church. Uh love to have you and just uh we got needs that need met. You got things that need God to answer for us, his leadership. So, um uh God bless you is our prayer. We love you. Amen. And let's just bow our heads. And brother Shamaya, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? [Music]
