################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-26 - Brother Daniel Martin "Victory Belongs to You" - Daniel Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-26
Title:   Brother Daniel Martin "Victory Belongs to You"
Speaker: Daniel Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEkltPquVMQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] Oh man. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. We call you way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. Oh, you are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Oh, you are here. You're touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you, Lord. You are here. You're healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Can you stand and sing it now? For you are here. You're t turning lives around. I worship you. I worship. Do you believe him to be here this morning? And you are here. You're mending every heart. Lord, I worship you. I worship you. Lord, you are here. You're touching every life. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. Oh, you are here. You're meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Sing it again. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Amen. Do you believe him to be the way maker this morning? Amen. He's a promisekeeper. He's the light in the darkness. Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor, Lord, once again to just come into your house, Father, Lord, to give you worship, Lord, to praise you for all that you've done for us, Lord. And Lord, I I pray, Father, Lord, that you would just feel welcome this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, Lord. That you would touch every heart, that you would touch every need this morning, Lord. Father, Lord, we just need one more touch from you, Father. Lord, I pray that you would have your way, Lord. I I pray, Lord, that you'd bless the singing, Lord. Bless musicians, Lord, as they would play for your glory, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would bless the word, Lord, this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you'd bless your people, Lord. They they could have have done many other things this morning, Lord, but they came with a heart to serve you, Father. And Lord, I pray that you would just move in a special way. We ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Are you glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing that song? I feel like praising him. Amen. Do you feel like praising him this morning? Well, I feel like praising praising him. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, just praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Yes, I feel like praising praising him. I'm going to praise him in the morning. I'm going to praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him now. Come on and praise the Lord while you have a chance. Yes. Come on and praise the Lord while you have a chance. Oh, just praise him in the morning. Oh, praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him now. If you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Yeah. If you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Oh, cuz I'll praise him in the morning. I'm going to praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Well, now I feel like praising praising him for all that he's done for me. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I'm going to praise him in the morning. I'm going to praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him now. Come on and praise the Lord while you have a chance. Oh, come on and praise the Lord while you have a chance. Oh, just praise him in the morning. Oh, praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. If you don't want to praise him, oh, if you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Yes. If you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Oh, I'll praise him in the morning. I'm going to praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising, praising him as they come for the offering now. Oh, I feel like praising, praising him. [Music] Yes, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I'm going to praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Amen, brother Joe. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Yes, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, just praise him in the morning. Just praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praise. It don't matter how you feel this morning. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Yes, I feel like praising praising him. I'm all just praising. Yeah, praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. One more time now. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Yes, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, just praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. [Music] Everything has gone wrong. I've got my back to the wall. [Music] You see, Satan's coming on strong. He really wants me to fall. What does he do? He sends troubles our way. Oh, even sickness is part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. Can't do it on your own. I'll just throw up my hands. Oh, I'll just throw up my hand and start praising the Lord. Yeah, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raise, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got to d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Now when I'm faced with a trial, there's only two ways I can go. Yeah, I can face it with a smile or let it bring me down low. Satan whispers, "You're through." Oh, but I hear Jesus. Just tell me to stand. What am I going to do? What are you going to do? Oh, I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. God dam my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Oh, I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand [Applause] on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raise, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand. When can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand this morning? Oh, when everything has gone wrong. I've got my back to the wall. Oh, Satan's coming on strong. [Music] He really wants me to fall. He sends troubles my way. Oh, even sickness is part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. [Music] Oh, I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, yes, he comes down and inhabits my praise. Got a d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. One more time. Now I'll just throw up my hands [Music] and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand [Applause] on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raise, oh he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Last lines now. I've got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. One more time. Oh, I've got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Can you just lift your hands and praise the Lord? this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. He's been so good to us. Amen. Can we sing that song? Uh, believe for it. Amen. Amen. Do you believe it this morning? Amen. Can we start with the first verse? Say, "This mountain can't be moved." They say these chains will never break, but they don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. We've heard that there is no way through. We've heard the tide will never change. They haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. Yes, Lord. So much power in your name. [Music] Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. [Music] God we believe. For it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God we believe. [Music] God we believe. for it. We know that hope is never lost. For there is still an empty grave. God, we believe no matter what. There is power in your name. Oh, so much power in your name. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. From the impossible, I'm going to see a miracle. God we believe. God we believe for it. They say this mountain can't be moved. They say these chains will never break. Oh, but they don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. [Music] We've heard that there is no way through. We've heard the tide will never change. [Music] They haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. [Music] So much power in your name. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. You when there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. You are the way when there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final shape. [Laughter] [Applause] Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe. Glory from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it as they would just play softly now. Amen. Do you believe that you're going to see a miracle? Amen. We've got several written prayer requests we want to make known. Amen. First of all, we we want to remember that our fall festival is next Sunday. Amen. A week from today, amen. On the 2nd there, November. So, let's just keep that in our prayers that the that the Lord would just move in a special way there Sunday morning. Amen. And bless our fellowship. Amen. But we want to uh remember Sister uh Rhonda this morning. Amen. She's she's been suffering in her body. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Amen. And we also want to just keep sister Martha um in our prayers that the Lord would just really just continue to doing a work in her. Amen. We uh want to keep her in our prayers. He uh pulled a muscle uh or something in there in his lower back. Amen. He's in in a lot of pain this morning. Amen. So, let's just remember him. Uh we want to remember Sister Kim Brumfield. Amen. She needs a healing in her body. So, let's just remember her. Uh we want to keep brother John and sister Kim weeks uh in our prayers. They're out traveling, amen, this morning. So we want to uh remember them. Also, brother Will, sister Hope are traveling. Amen. And we keep Dad and the family in our prayers. Uh they would be traveling um tonight or tomorrow. So let's just keep them in our prayers. Let's just remember uh Dad as he ministers the word this morning there in Arkansas. Amen. That the Lord would just move in a special way. Amen. Maybe ask brother Amos if he would come and and lead us in prayer and I'll let you read these. Amen. How many has an unspoken request? Lift your hands. Amen. The Lord sees every need this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; How many want to see miracles? raise your hand. All right, just turn around and look at look at all the miracles. It's in here. Go ahead, turn around. Look at each other. You're seeing miracles change lives. That's the greatest miracle that could ever happen. There's, you know, here this morning. I know of one, maybe there's more. There's a former alcoholic here and he was an alcoholic, Brother Bob Simpkins, many years ago. Now, that's under the blood. We ain't trying to bring back the old man, but that's a testimony of God's grace. And I could probably go down the list and there was probably somebody in here that abused maybe substances or some other had a habit of some kind and God delivered you from it. And that's a miracle. That it's a miracle. Changed lives. Liars, thieves, whoreongers, the whole nine yards. Paul said of such were some of you. But you're washed. You're cleansed. Glory to God. You're a new man, new creature. Old man's passed away. Behold, all things become new. I have a few more requests to add to that large list. And that is uh let's remember brother John this morning u and and all the other young men that are attending Virginia Tech and also Liberty. brother Christian down there, they have have to deal with certain things. And you know, if God's called you to be a brick layer, a farmer, or an accountant or professor or a doctor, I still believe God's calling people to do those kinds of things. Amen. So, let's remember these. And then I also have a request. God knows her need and that is Sister Leah Hope of Manitoba. Uh she really needs the Lord to yield to the spirit in her life. Let's remember her. Uh I got a prayer request yesterday from Sister Pamela Tilson who attends brother David Farmer's Church in Marian. Uh she's got a really rather serious infection that has set in on that part of her leg that was amputated, the stump that's left of her leg. and it sounds really really serious and she is diabetic. So knowing all of that, we really need God to move for her. She's requested prayer. Uh it's also come across my heart the other evening and not much is said about it and out of sight out of mind ignorance and not ignorance because you want to be ignorant but a lot of times people won't give these reports but as some of you may not realize but there this message has gone to every nation and there are believers message believers s at this time living in Russia. There is a me there are message churches in Russia. There is Russian ministry pastors, evangelists and so forth that have been ministering in Russia and that war that's going on in Ukraine. Russia has reached almost economic collapse. I mean it they've talked about it for a while already, but it's about to go down. Uh we don't hear the things from the media about what's really going on inside the country, but things is getting tough financially for a lot of people. Even the wealthy are curving their their expenditures because and the price of goods has gone through the roof. Fuel, long lines at gas stations and many places you can't get fuel. So, let's remember these requests, the ones that brother, our brother here mentioned, that God will move. He's a God of miracles. He's doing things all the time. Amen. So, let's all pray together this morning if you would. Our heavenly father God, Lord, as I stand here and I look out over this congregation, I know that my brothers and sisters have experienced many miracles in their life. Most of all, the greatest thing was a changed nature. A supernatural change down in their soul, Lord God. Where the old sin nature was eradicated, the new was birthed. The the attribute, Lord, of that true soul, dear God, was birthed into the kingdom of God. It was resurrected by the power and spirit of God that has come to dwell within. And for that, we're grateful, Lord. We're thankful this morning. We're thankful for Sister Martha and Brother Tim. Glory God. I know that Sister Martha is enduring some symptoms in her body even right now, Lord. And Father God, Brother Tim as well getting over the effects. And I understand somebody mentioned about a pulled muscle. They're no fun, Lord. They're very, very painful. God, we pray for their recovery. We think of Sister Kimberly, Lord. Sister Kim Brumfield, Lord, that's with us. Sister Kimberly, that's out this morning. Lord God, we remember both of them. Lord Jesus and Sister Rhonda understand Lord, she's with us this morning by faith, by fa by revelation. She's here, God. She desired to be here this morning despite whatever is bothering her, Father God, this morning. She's determined as the rest of us here, God is determined to be here, Father God. Lord, regardless of physical circumstance to hear the word of God, to come and worship together, Lord God, with a body, Father God, that is our desire. Lord, you see and you know and you've heard these requests that we have mentioned, dear God. We know that the healing, Lord, you've already healed. If you were here physically today, you could do no more as far as healing for us, dear God, because that you took care of nearly 2,000 years ago. It's up to us to already believe what you've already done. And help us, God, to have that revelation this morning. We know that faith is a revelation. And God, we must have that faith that only comes from you, Lord God, where we can believe these things and know that when we pray, we pray, our hearts condemn us not. We have confidence towards God. We know that you hear our prayer, Lord Jesus, and you will answer. You are more than willing. You don't hold a carrot on a stick, Lord God, to see how long we can hold out, God. That's the devil's tricks. But dear God, we know that you're more than willing, Father God, to supply each and every one of our needs that are represented here this morning, even those that are not represented. Lord, Leo Hope there in Canada, Lord God. Lord, we've been praying for a long time. You've done some good things for her, dear God. She needs a real move in her life. I pray God, you see all the requests that was mentioned, Lord, we don't have to re go over them again. We pray you be with each and every one. Bless our brother as he brings the word to us this morning. We ask it all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Still an empty grave. Know you like we do. There is power in your name. You can be seated. So much power in your name. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it. from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we Brother Terry, do you have a song for us? Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it from the impossible. will see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. Amen. How many believers do we have this morning? Amen. [Music] Well, I'll just sing this. Well, it's not an old song. It's I've sang it two or three times, but surely going to be a change after a while. And I think it's getting closer and closer. As brother Amos talking about, you know, Russia and different things. And you know, Brother Bram said one place when Russia goes down to get that oil, if they're almost bankrupt, they probably need some extra money. So, I don't know how it's going to take place, but God will have his bride ready. It'll be a change after a while. In the Bible, we are told of an angel to behold. Yes, a prophet sent to change the course of man. Oh, in a lowly place of birth came a light down to the earth. For it was proof a mighty gift had blessed our land. Now, the time of change is here. And the sign he said was clear that when a stake was driven down into the ground for we was told to travel west that a people might be blessed at the season that the thunders were to sound. I'm telling you there'll be a change after a while. Oh where we now wear a crown we'll wear a smile. Oh, we may suffer pain or loss, but Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change after a while. The price of change was high and cost and died at all that total loss when the angel put his feet on land and sea. But the bride was watched in bleach. Put her sans far out of reach. Now the virgin bride stands absolutely free. I'm telling you, there'll be a change after a while. Oh, where we now wear a frown, we'll wear a smile. Oh, we may suffer pain or lo, but Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change after a while. This last verse, the rapture call has done, gone out. We saw the cloud and heard the shout. We're looking for our change just any day. My brother, listen while I sing. The word inside you is the thing. It'll take us home, my friend. No matter what they say, I'm telling you, there'll be a change after a while. Oh, where we now wear a frown, we wear a smile. Oh, we may suffer pain or loss, but Jesus died upon the cross that we might have a change. That we might have a change. That we might have a change after a while, [Music] man. Do you believe that this morning? We shall be changed. Yes, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. Oh yes, we shall be changed. We shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal immortality in the twinkling and high. One more time we shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal immortality in the twinkling of their eye. Amen. I believe that just any day now. Amen. Can we stand to our feet now? Amen. And as we get ready to go to the word, can we sing that song? I'm going to see a victory. The weapon, the weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. When darkness falls, it won't prevail. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. And my God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, there's power in the mighty name of Jesus. And every war he wages, he will win. And I'm not backing down from any giant cuz I know how this story ends. Yes, I know how this story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Amen. Do you believe that you're going to see a victory? Amen. Can we just bow our heads once again? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for filling your presence here this morning, Lord. And Lord, I I pray now, Lord, as we go into your word, Father. I pray that you would come and bless it, Lord. I Lord, I I pray, Lord, that you would just speak through me, Lord. Help me to get myself out of the way, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would help the the congregation, Lord, to get themselves out of the way, Father. Lord, that they that they may be able to receive your word this morning, Lord. Lord, we love you. We thank you for all that you've done. We ask it in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. Amen. We pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's really good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Can as the musicians uh can be dismissed. Amen. I'd like to turn uh to uh First Peter. Amen. Chapter 5. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 5. I'm I'm going to read a few verses this morning. And also just a reminder that the signup sheet for the fall festival is in the back if you're uh not able to sign up yet. Amen. Just a reminder there. Amen. But 1 Peter chapter 5 and verse 8 through uh verse 10. Amen. It says, "Be sober. See, be sober. Be viligent because your adversary the devil is as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour. whom resisteth steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that he has suffered a while and make you perfect, established, strengthened, settled you. Amen. If we could also turn to Ephesians Amen. Ephesians chapter 6. We're all familiar with this verse. Amen. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10. Amen. It says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principal uh principalities and against the powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God. Amen. He's he's not saying just some of it. Amen. and just little pieces here and there. But he says to take the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all to stand. Stand therefore having your loins gird about with truth and having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace. But above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation in the word, or in the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God, praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit, and watching there with all perseverance and supplications for all saints. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Amen. Uh if we could u maybe read one more there in Revelations. Amen. Revelations chapter 3. Amen. Revelations 3. We all are familiar with this as well. But Revelations chapter 3 verse 21 says to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne even I as I also overcome and am sit down with my father in his throne. Amen. I I would like if I could take a title this morning um and I would like to uh just speak uh this morning on vic victory belongs to you. Amen. and and um I want to just take my time this morning and it's it's a very lengthy subject. I took this uh this part of this message from um um the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. So um if you want to go back and listen to that. Amen. And uh but maybe we can eventually maybe do another part if the Lord wills. Amen. But victory belongs to you. And and we know that we're living in troublesome times uh this morning. Amen. We've we've come through great wars after war. And and we know that the world has been soaked with human blood. This earth is just soaked with the with with the blood ever since the blood of Abel was spilled. And and and just battle after battle. Amen. There's just war. World War I, World War II, so many other world uh wars that we've come through. And here we know that uh uh uh they're talking of World War II happening and and it's just been war after war and and and just death after death and and if the earth stands and and the Lord carries anymore, we'll just keep having more wars. Amen. And yet we read there in our our opening scripture, as Christians, our battles are different. Amen. Our script as Christians, we we we don't fight against flesh and blood. Amen. As Christians, our battle is a spiritual battle. Amen. We fight against the darkness of the world. We fight against Satan and his angels. Amen. And the only way we can stand against the ws of the devil is to put on the whole armor of God this morning. Amen. And if I would just uh uh talk about that for a while, the uh just to lay a foundation. Amen. And we know that there is uh really only two powers in the world today. We have God's power and then we have Satan's power. And all of our differences between nations and differences between each other and everything is mount up to only two powers. Amen. And these only two powers. There's only two kingdoms. And brother Brandham says all the rest, all the little minor things are connected with either one of those powers. And those powers is God's power and Satan's power. Amen. and end every war, every disorder, everything that comes along, it's either controlled by God's power or Satan's power cuz that's the only two powers there is. And that is the only and that is the power of life and the power of death. Amen. Now, that's the only two powers. And the power that Satan's got is a perverted power of God. It's no real power at all. It's a perversion of God's power. Everything that Satan has, Amen. Death is only a perverted uh perversion of life. Amen. Lie is only the truth mistold. Amen. See, adultery is only a righteous act misused. Amen. And everything that Satan has got is something that's that's been perverted. And and but but it's his power. Amen. And and we are today sitting here a and one or the other power is what's going to control us. Amen. We come this morning uh controlled by one by by one power or the other. And as Christians, it should be our desire to be controlled by God's power this morning. Amen. To follow in his will. Amen. Brother Brandham says a devil is almost harmless unless he can have something to work in. He's God. Amen. You remember those devils that were cast out of Legion? They had they want to do more mischievous things. So they wanted to go into hogs. So devil uh so devils must have something to work in, somebody to work through. And that's the way God does it, too. He has to have us. He's depending on us to work through us. Amen. And so, so we must cast down the evil one. Amen. Let's take our positions like the stars of heaven. Brother Brandham says, "Amen." The Bible speaks of wandering stars. Amen. Over there in the book of Jude, I believe, foaming out out their own shame. He says, "Amen. And we don't want to be wondering stars wondering if this is right. Wondering if that is right. Amen. Wondering if this will happen. Wondering how that's going to happen. Wondering how I'm going to get my healing. Wonder how my children are going to be saved. See, just wondering stars. Amen. But don't wander around. Amen. Stay like those stars of the heaven. A real soldier at his post of duty. Stand there believing. Amen. Life or death. Amen. And so any army first is getting ready for battle. Amen. First there's got to be a select of some soldiers. Amen. They've got to be dressed for fighting. They've got to be trained for fighting. Amen. You can't just pull someone off the street and and hand them a weapon and say, "Go fight the enemy and expect them to stay at their post of duty. Expect them to do what you expect them to do." Amen. But first, there has to come a training first. Amen. They have to be dressed for fighting. Amen. And and you know, we've got a a couple veterans here this morning. Amen. A few veterans, but we maybe take brother Will or Brother Terry this morning. Amen. And when they uh uh join the army or the Navy, Amen. They they they just didn't drag them off the street. Amen. And give them a gun and tell them to go jump on a plane or a ship or or jump out of a plane or or anything. Amen. And and say, "Go fight here. here's here's what you need. Just just go do whatever you can to go defeat the enemy. That doesn't happen. Amen. Uh but there has to come a training. There has to come some discipline. Amen. And he had to learn how to use his weapon. He had to he has to learn how to follow orders. He has to learn how to become a good soldier. Amen. And that's the same way with God's army this morning. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. I believe that he's been dressing them and he's been training them and the battlefront is now set getting ready to start. Amen. This great first battle that was ever fought begin in heaven. Amen. When Michael and his angels uh uh uh fought against Lucifer and his angels. Amen. See, sin did not originate on earth. Amen. Sin did not originate on earth. Amen. It originated in heaven. And then it was cast out of heaven. Amen. and to earth and it fell on the human beings. Amen. And then the battle was from angels. Amen. It was first from angels in heaven and and when Satan was cast out. Amen. He went to earth and and fell on humans. And now the now uh the battle become a human battle. Amen. The battle become become between humans. Amen. And Satan come to destroy God's creation. And God had created to be uh that God had created uh Satan come to destroy what God had to uh was created for himself. Amen. What what God has created for himself, Satan is trying to destroy. Amen. And that's what his purpose was was to destroy it. Then the battle began here on earth and it began in us. And it has been ra uh raging ever since. Amen. since the beginning uh uh from Adam and Eve to to us now just battle after battle. Amen. Now before any battle can be put away their first has to choose a place where the battle is to be fought. &gt;&gt; Amen. In the first world war, Amen. the place was selected in no man's land. Amen. They they had a had a place selected where where two powers were to come meet and see who was the strongest. Amen. in World War II, some places were chosen there on the beaches of Normandy or or or there in Germany and just different places to test the two powers. Amen. And and and you know, uh with Russia and Ukraine where they have to choose a battleground. They have to choose where they're going to test their powers. And one one doesn't just come and fight over here while the other one's over here. And and one doesn't just come running around over here, but they have to have a meeting place. Amen. There there's a battlefront where they meet and test their powers where uh each army test its strength against the other army. A mutual meeting place. Amen. And when this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting place. Amen. There had to be a selected place for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. Amen. And I want you to catch this now. And that battle ground this morning is the human mind. Amen. The battle this morning that that God and and uh uh the and Satan chose a battleground and that's in our minds this morning. Amen. It's began in the human mind and there's where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the place of the battle and that is because the decisions are made from the mind, the head. Amen. Uh if I if I could just really make this clear to you this morning, Brother Brandham says, "Now they they never started it from some organization. They never started it from some mechanical affair. The grounds never started there. Therefore, the or organization can can never can never do the work of God because the battlegrounds where you've got to meet your enemy is in the mind. You've got to make a choice. It meets you. Decisions are made in the mind. in the head. There is where Satan meets you and the decisions are made because God made a man that way. Amen. And he goes on to say, "The human being is made up just like a grain of wheat. It's a seed. And the human being is a seed physically. You're the seed of your father and your mother." Amen. The life come from the father and the pulp come from the mother. So the two together, the egg and the blood comes together and in the bloodshell is life. And in there it begins to develop making the child. Amen. And now that any seed has a shell on the outside, inside the pulp, inside of the pulp is the germ of life. Well, that's the way we're made. We're a body, soul, and spirit. The outside, the body, the shell, the inside of that, the conscience, and so forth is the soul. Inside the soul is a spirit. Amen. And and the spirit governs all the other. Amen. Now, we know that the outside body has five senses. is contacted by see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. Amen. And that's the five senses that control the body. Amen. Inside the body is a soul. And that soul is controlled by imaginations, conscience, memory, reasons, and affections. And that's the thing that controls the doubt or the the that controls the soul. But the spirit only has one sense. And that sense that dominates it is faith or doubt. Amen. So you can either let faith control your spirit or you can let doubt control your spirit. Amen. And there's only one avenue to it. That's free moral agency. You can accept doubt or you can accept faith. It's up to you. Either one you want to work on. Amen. Therefore, Satan began at the principal part to cause the spirit of man to doubt God's word. Amen. And God began at the principal part to lay his word in that spirit. Amen. That's what that's what he does. Amen. Brother Brandham says now remember it's not Christian science now. Mind over matter that hasn't the mind accepts the life which is the word of God and there brings the life. Just your thoughts doesn't do it. But the word of God brought in the channel of your thought. See it's not the thought as Christian science make it. Mind over matter. No, that isn't it. But your mind accepts it. It grasp it. What's it what what is your mind controlled by? Your spirit. And your spirit catches the word of God. And that's the thing that's got life in it. And it brings life unto you. Amen. Into you. Oh, brother. What? When that takes place, when the life comes down, that channel into you, the word of God is manifested in you. If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, then ask what you will and it shall be done. Amen. And then what does that do? From the middle of the heart, which is the soul, from there goes forth feeding every channel. Amen. The trouble of it is we're standing here with a lot of doubt, trying to accept what's out there. But you've got to stop that. You've got to you got to come down to that channel with the true word of God. And then that goes out itself automatically. It's what's on the inside. That's the thing that counts is the inside. Satan approach is from the inside. Amen. Now you say, "Well, I don't steal." Amen. Well, I don't smoke. I I don't I don't I don't commit adultery. I don't do these things. I I don't do nothing like that. See, it's the inside. No matter how good you are, it doesn't matter how matter how good you are. You may never have smoked. You may never have never tasted a a drink. You may never have done any of that. Amen. It doesn't matter how moral you are, how truthful you are. Amen. Uh those things are are respected. Those things are are honorable. Amen. Not being able to do them things. But Jesus said, "Except a man be born again." Amen. There's got to something that's got to happen on the inside. Amen. Something has still got to happen. You're still a sinner. Amen. Something has got to take place on the inside. Amen. If you And if you don't, that artificial is a put on. You don't uh for down in your heart you desire to do it anyhow. Amen. It can't be artificial. It's got to be real. Amen. You may have never smoked. You may have never drank. You may have never uh cheated on your spouse or anything like that. Amen. You must must have never told a lie. And you must you could have just lived true. And you could have just uh just been a really good human being and given to the poor and and feeding the hungry. Amen. But it's still in your heart to do those things. Amen. So, first there still has to come a nature change. Amen. If you've never done it, if you've never had a nature change, Amen. you you're you're no different than the man that has committed those actions. Amen. There has to come a a change on the inside. Amen. And there's only one avenue that can come down and that's by the way a free moral agency. Amen. Come into the soul by your thoughts. As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Amen. The Bible says if you say to this mountain, move and don't doubt in your heart, but believe what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you said. Amen. That's the battlegrounds. Amen. I hope you're getting it this morning. Amen. When you accepted Christ the word into your life. Amen. You didn't come just because your your mother was a good person. Amen. When you accepted God into your life, you didn't come because you was a good neighbor or you did enough uh enough enough deeds to accept God's God's uh approval or anything like that. that you didn't come because you live by the golden rules. Amen. But you came because that God had called you to come. Amen. You accepted him on the basis of his word. Amen. And that's what it mean. And that word means everything this morning. Amen. You didn't come because you just wanted to come, but you came because something in your heart was tugging at you to come. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. And if we can get everything out of the way, if we if we can get our conscience out of the way, all of our senses, and just let the word come in, the word will produce just exactly. Amen. Satan is going to do everything he can to get us to doubt. Amen. That's that's the battle this morning. He is going to do everything he can to get you to doubt God's word. Amen. He's going to do everything he can to block that channel. He's going to block that channel that God can't get through. Amen. You may say, "Well, these these conscience and and these senses and so forth don't have anything to do with it." Amen. But if you let the word come in and cover it uh cover it over with conscience and and you cover it with w with w with with your your senses and and you let it cover with your uh reasoning or anything, amen, it can't grow. Amen. It can't come forth. Amen. If you let the word come in and and you cover it with all these things, then it then it will just be deformed. Amen. You you ever uh Brother Bram says you ever take a seat of corn or or anything and you take some kind of a a plant or anything and you plant it in the ground and you lay a stick or or a rock or something over it. And when that seed begins to produce, Amen. it begins to grow crooked because there's something that's keeping it from growing straight. Amen. It begins to grow crooked. Amen. And that's the same thing when when when you when you try to accept God's word and and you're still holding on to these things and you're still holding on to conscience and and you're still letting these things get in the way. You're still letting reasoning get in the way. You're still letting doubt get in the way. The Lord, it's only just going to grow crooked. It can't grow the way it's supposed to grow. Amen. And that's the matter with the our faith. Sometimes we've let too many things hinder our faith. Oh my. Satan will try to keep you away from a real testimony. that's genuine. So, he will point you at something. He will point you at somebody's failure. He'll point you at a hypocrite. He'll point you to whatever to hinder your faith in God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. I remember when I was um seeking the Holy Ghost and and I was just getting real desperate and and Satan was just bombarding my mind. My goodness, he was just bombarding my mind and and just, hey, you'll never get it. and and and you know and I've tried to lean on our pastor for advice and listen to the messages where brother Brandham says and and I just begin to try to push those things out. Then the next thing you know, he's trying to point me out so and so and point me at so and so and and it got to the point I I was I was talking to dad and and you know about the Holy Ghost and things and and and I just straight up told him I said, "Well, Satan keeps pointing me at this person and pointing me at that person." And I looked at him in the eyes and I said, "If that's what the Holy Ghost produces, I don't want it. I don't want the Holy Ghost if that's what that Holy Ghost produces." And he had to tell me, he says, "Don't you give up, son." He says, "There is a real, there is a genuine feeling of the Holy Ghost. Don't look to those things." Amen. Look to the genuine. Amen. Satan will do everything he can to hinder your faith. Amen. But he'll uh God will show you the real thing. You just got to look to his word. Amen. Satan will always try to point you in the other direction. Amen. He will get you to look at your feelings every morning. Oh my. How many of you, you know, I'm only 25 years old and I I don't mean to be complaining, but but I've had some major major lower back pain and and it's just it's been it's been bothering me so bad. And uh I'll be at work or anything and and just just can't sit up straight. I'll be sitting for a while and go to get up and I and I'm hunched over like this and just got to slowly walk. I mean, I'm only 25 and and it's uh it's it can be rough. I just I don't understand. But but Satan will point you at your at your how you're feeling every morning. Amen. You can wake up and look in the mirror and and just say, "Oh my Satan will say, "Well, see, the the symptoms are still there. See, the back pain is still there. See, you you never got your healing." And and he'll get you to look at your mental health. He will get you to just to go wherever the wind blows and and be then then you just become again a wondering star. And when you and when you get focused on your own way of thinking instead of God's word, Amen. But if you can just push all that aside this morning, if you can just push all the doubt away, if you can just push how you're feeling this morning away, amen, and look to God's word, the true source of the word of God, that it's got to stay there. He says, "Amen. Amen. Let it come from the true source of the word of God. Amen. And the word has got to stay in its place. &gt;&gt; Amen. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word cannot pass away. It must be accepted in the mind. Then it's believed with the heart. Then the word of God becomes a reality. Oh my. Amen. Then every sense of soul and body is just uh scored out with the Holy Spirit. Then your sense of God, your conscience of God, everything that that's godly flows through you. Amen. That there's not a doubt anywhere. There's nothing that can rise up. Amen. There's nothing that can rise up in memory and say, "Well, remember when so and so tried to trust in God for healing one time and she failed?" Oh my. Brother Brandham says, "But if that channel has been cleared out and it's been purged and and been filled on the inside with the Holy Ghost, Amen. that don't even come in memory. memory don't even come in. No matter about what so so and so did. Amen. It's it's you and God together and nobody else but you two. There are there you are. There's your battle. Kill him at the beginning. Stop him dead in his tracks. It ain't how long you can keep the war lingering. Stop it right now. Amen. So so and so may say, "Well, you know, I tried trusting in God. I tried believing for my healing, but look how my circumstance. Look where I'm at now. And when you're trying to receive your healing, when you're trying to receive your deliverance, Satan will point you and say, "Look at so and so. Look at what she's doing. Look what he's doing. He's not getting his healing. He's not getting his deliverance." And then if you aren't careful, you'll let those thoughts come into your mind and come down into your spirit. And the next thing you know, you'll say, "Well, God, I just don't know. God, I'm just going to give up. God, I just, you know, my pain is still here and the darkness is still here and I just don't know anymore. But brother Brandham says, if you'll come and you'll keep them memories and conscience and everything thinking about, well, I might fail. It might not be right. Don't you do that at all. You throw that aside everything. Open up the channel and say, God, your word is eternally true and it's for me and I believe it. If the whole church fails, if the whole world fails, Amen. Yeah. I can't fail because I'm taking your word. There's the battle. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Take God at his word this morning. &gt;&gt; Take God at his word and believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. Maybe you're maybe our channels are full this morning. Maybe our channels are clogged this morning. Let's empty our channels. Let's take God at his word this morning and believe him. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "A little girl come here not long ago from high school. Her mother called me up and said, "Brother Brandham, my girl has got hot hotkins disease. That's cancer forming lumps. And the doctor took a piece from a break on her throat, sent it away, and it was perfectly Hotchkins disease." So he said, "The next one breaks, it may break over her heart, and when it does, she's gone. The way they're breaking, she's just gone anywhere. She's got anywhere about 3 months to live." And and the mother was so worried. We all know the story. She was so worried. She she didn't know what to do. So she asked Brother Brownham. She says, "What should I do?" He says, "Well, don't tell her. Don't just just keep going on. Just keep moving." He says, "Well, I'm so scared. I don't know." He says, "Well, come to a prayer line. Come to come to the prayer line." And when they came through, he looked down at her mother. And he looked down at them both. And he knew something wasn't right. Amen. And and he looked at them both and he said, "Uh, both of them without God, without Christ." And he says, "How can you expect healings on these grounds? Will you accept Jesus Christ as your personal savior? Will you will you come to this pool here and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins?" And they said, "We will do that." And then the little girl was took back to the doctor for more tests. And not even one trace of Hoskins disease was found in her. Why? What was the matter? You had to open the channel first. Amen. You've got to get the real soldier, the Holy Spirit, placed at the battlefront that takes God at his word. Amen. For he is the word. Amen. There's nothing going to stop it then. Amen. Every other channel is cleared out. Brother Brandham says, just like an old boiler with the flu stopped up, you put a fire in it, it blows it'll blow your thing up. That's that's what's the matter with so many blowed up Christians is because they don't clean the channels out. They don't know how to go uh they they they don't go down on the inside. They've got to clean it. Conscience, memories, uh thoughts, laying aside everything and coming from the inside out with the unadulterated word of God until that becomes the truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's that's the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. But the devil will try to come back. Amen. He He will always do that. Satan will always come back and try to plague your mind. Amen. If he can get in there at all. Amen. If he can just get if he can just squeeze just a little bit in your mind. A and he's got your the army around then. Amen. Uh 2 Corinthians 10 verse three says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and everything that exalted itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. And if you got your sense and your if you got your senses and your and your taste, you got your your your your feeling and your smell and your sight. Amen. They're all right. Amen. It's all right to have those things and and to trust those things as long as they line up with the word of God. But if they don't line up with the word of God, then don't lean on your senses this morning. Amen. And our imaginations and your conscience and your memories and your reasons and affections, they're all right. If they agree with the word of God, but if your affections don't agree with the word of God, get rid of it. Amen. If your reasons disagree with the word of God, then kick it out of your life. Amen. Get away from it. If your memories or your imaginations or your conscience, anything disagree with the word of God disagrees with what's on the inside, Amen. and then get away from it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brham says, "When God can get a man in his hands, till he can get his sense, his conscience, everything cleaned out until it stands with God behind it in the spirit. There's not a devil in the world can poke a doubt in there." Amen. That's right. The devil will come around and say, "Well, well, you don't feel any better. Well, you just don't look no different. And and see, the tumor is still there, and see the back pain is still there. See, the cancer is still there and your cold is still there. But if you got your mind open for God's word to come through those channels, Amen. Your conscience is gone. Everything is gone from the uh from you. Amen. Amen. Everything the devil says is gone. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Then the flu is so clear it shouts hallelujah." It shines out just as clean and just as clear for the word of God to come and work through. Amen. the power of God. That's your battleground this morning. Amen. Brother Benham says your battleground is back here at the beginning. Back here in the soul, back in your mind that opens. The mind is the gate to the soul. The gate is the gate to the spirit rather. Your mind opens up and accepts the spirit or it rejects the spirit. Amen. You can have little conscience and little feelings and little sensations and all these things that has nothing to do with it. That's just little sensations of things. But when it comes to reality, your mind opens it up. Your mind either accepts it or it rejects it. Amen. See, it's your mind that opens the up the door or it closes the door. And you listen to your conscience, listen to your memory, listen to your to your affections. But when your mind closes itself to these things and let God, the spirit of his word come in, it blows the rest of that stuff out. Amen. Then every doubt is gone. Every fear is gone. Every sensation of doubt is gone. Every feeling is gone. There's nothing standing but there but the word of God. And Satan can't battle against that. &gt;&gt; No sir. He can't battle against it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll get to my text here in a minute. Amen. These battles has raged since the day of the Garden of Eden. Amen. in the battle in the human mind. Amen. Satan started it. Amen. What did he do when he met Eve? Amen. What did he What did Satan do when he met Eve? He didn't deny God's word. He didn't just straight up just say, "Well, you know, he he's just he's wrong." And he didn't do that at all. Amen. But he whitewashed it. Amen. He stopped up there. He stopped up some little channels here somewhere. Amen. And after Eve already heard the word, Satan said, "Surely, surely God, all these things that he had promised." See, he know the word was right. Amen. Satan know the word was right. But he know he couldn't just come right out and blast it, but he sugarcoated it. But Eve opened up her mind to listen to her reasoning. And that's the channel that runs down her reasoning in her soul. She reasoned. Her eyes her her eyes was sight. She saw the serpent. She saw how beautiful he was, how handsome he was. Uh she he looked far better than her own husband. He was the most supple of all the beasts of the field. And he was probably fairer than her husband. He looked like a a great masculine beast standing there and how great he was. And he was trying to tell her what great thing uh it was. And the first thing she did, she opened up her mind. Why? And when she did, human reasonings caught it. Why wouldn't that be a thrill? She says, "Why? Why? What you're saying, my goodness, I know what God says, but what you're saying, man, what a thrill it it would be." What does he do? He works in that reasoning power, the conscience or something begins to move through. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brennham says, "But if we give God's word the first place, &gt;&gt; if we give God's word the first place, we can't sin. A man cannot sin until he first casts aside God's word, he can't even sin." That's disbelief. Until he first get rid of the word of God, the presence of God, he cannot sin. Amen. Eve could not sin until she laid aside God's word. Amen. and opening up her channels of reasoning through her soul. And she began to reason why certainly my husband has never told me these things. But but but I believe that you Amen. I believe you. Amen. He told me I I shouldn't do this, but you know, you make it sound so real and so plain. I believe it would be wonderful because you're making it sound so plain to me. Amen. See, that's what this that's what the devil does. He'll He'll try to tell you things. He'll try to sneak in there. He'll try to whisper to you, "Oh, it sounds good. Oh, it may look good, but you got to stay with the word." Amen. See, there was the first battle. And through that battle, he caused every other war. He caused every other war. And every other bloodshed that ever come was called was caused right there at Eden. She disbelieved God's word. Amen. See, God equipped Eve with the word. God told her, "Do not eat of this tree." Amen. So he told her, he already gave her his word. But in her mind, she chose reasoning over what God gave her. Amen. She chose reasoning. She got from behind the word. She got out from from the protection of the word and opened herself to the devil. Oh my. And it's the same thing today. Just like the natural army, they don't give you a water gun to go fight the enemy. They won't ever do that. They won't ever say, "Well, here here's a little water gun. Go have fun. You know, go get them wet." You know, they'll never do that. They don't just give you a a small caliber of a weapon and say, "Well, go defeat this entire army with with a little old 22 or something." Amen. They they they don't do those things. But when they equip their soldiers, when they equip their men with with whatever they got, they give them the best weapons they have to offer. They're going to give them the best helmet. They're going to give them the best suit. They're going to give them the best weapons. Amen. because they want they're uh they're meant to defeat the enemy. Oh my. They'll give them the best machine guns. They'll give them grenades. They'll give them tanks. They'll give them bazookas. Anything that will defeat the enemy. And that God was the same way. &gt;&gt; God was the same way. He He didn't just He didn't just give you a little water gun and some little powerless religion to go defeat the devil. But when he come, he gave you the greatest weapon ever known to man. Oh my. And that was the atomic bomb. Amen. He gave you his word. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; And in order for our weapon to take effect, we have to we have to go shut off conscience, memories, reasonings, and all these other things that's contrary to God's word. Amen. We can't reason with it. Don't reason with God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. just accept the word upon the basis that God said so and that settles it. I may not understand it. I may not know when it's going to happen. I may not know what the future holds, but his word says I'm going to have my healing. His word says I'm going to have my deliverance. His word says my children are going to be saved and I'm resting on that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe &gt;&gt; just accept the word on his basis that God said so and that settles it. And then every channel comes open between you and God. Oh my. Brother Brandham says, "There's the battle. The very first front line. Let's not use a little 22 rifle. Let's get an atomic bomb. Let's do the job right. Let's get God's atomic bomb." What is it, Brother Brandham? F ai T. In his word, that's God's atomic bomb. It blows sickness and devils right and left. It disintegrates everything that's ungodly. And when the bomb of faith drops in there, when the with the word of God behind it, it blows every devil, every sickness, every disease out of the way &gt;&gt; and then you stand there in victory. Oh my. Oh my. Get God's atomic bomb this morning. Blow those devils out of the way. Blow doubt away. Blow reasoning away. And stand there in victory. Cuz victory belongs to you. Oh my &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Satan get you to reason with it. He'll get you so focused on your senses. He'll get you to he'll try to get you to doubt your weapon. He'll try to get you to doubt what God gave you. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Then if Satan can get through there by his conscience and all these other things, when he gets right down here to the end of the soul and the mind, you'll never look at one of them until you first have to let him in there. Amen. &gt;&gt; You have to let him in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then when he gets in, he's got control. &gt;&gt; Then what does he do? He begins to use conscience. &gt;&gt; He begins to use this, begin to use that outlet. What is it? See, taste, feel, smell, hear, imagination, is conscience, memory, reasons, affections. He begins to use all those different little channels. As long as he could get in above this one here, he's got he's got to come in your mind first. And you have to accept it. Oh my goodness. Oh my. In order for Satan to come in, you have to let him in. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's that's that's wild right there. In order for Satan to come in into those little channels, you have to first let him in. And when he gets in, he'll begin to use all those little channels. He'll begin to use your conscience. He'll begin to use your reasoning. He'll begin to use your affections. And he'll begin to use your your taste and your your hearing and your feelings. And he'll use everything he can to get you to doubt God's word. Oh my. He begins to move in those little channels. Amen. He's got you first. And you have to accept it. It can batter against you. Amen. But it can't get to you until you accept it. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, he's bombarded your mind. Amen. He'll he'll bombard your mind. He'll he'll he'll bombard your mind with negativity. He'll bombard your mind with thoughts of reasoning reasoning, but he can't get into your mind unless you first deny God's word and you accept what the devil is saying. Amen. Just like you you can't keep a bird from flying over your head. You can't keep all these birds from flying over your head, but you can keep the birds from nesting in your hair. Amen. You can keep the birds from building a nest in your hair. So you can't you can't keep the thoughts from coming. You can't keep the negativity from coming, but you can keep them from having a place in your mind. &gt;&gt; Oh my. You may say, "Well, the doctor says I can't well get well." Well, it looks like he knows everything he's talking about. Now, we don't condemn the doctors. We don't condemn the doctors at all. In their in their uh degrees, they they're only telling you what they see. They're only telling you what they know. They only telling you these things. Amen. So, we don't condemn the doctor. Amen. But you may say, "Well, well, well, I'm just not getting healed. Well, I just don't know." And you see, the doctor must be right then. Amen. But don't reason with it. Don't reason what the doctor has to say. Amen. That's the devil standing there poking you. Amen. That's the devil just poking you, trying to get in your mind. Amen. And brother Benham says when Satan walked up to Eve and says, you know, the fruit is still uh the fruit is pleasant, she stopped for a moment. Oh, that's when she made a mistake. That's when she made a mistake. When she stopped for a moment, that's when Satan walked right into her mind. Said, "Well, it sounds reasonable." Uh oh, don't do that. Just take what God said. Don't stop for nothing. You've got the message. Jesus lives. God is a healer. That's the message. Don't stop for nothing. No reasonings, nothing else. Just keep pressing on. &gt;&gt; Amen. And as long as you're equipped with God's word, then you have everything you then you have everything you need. As long as you're equipped with God's word, then you have nothing to fear. Oh yeah, cancer may eat up your body, but you still have the promise that God is still my healer. Oh, you're still your kids may just go further into the world, but you can stand there with the promise and say, "But my kids are going to be there. My kids will make it." Stand there with the word of God and don't reason with it. &gt;&gt; No one said this world. Amen. Amen. See, God God wants to heal your body. God wants to heal your body. Amen. God said in his word and in third John, I believe, above all things, I would that you prosper in health. Above all things, I would that you prosper in health. Amen. So, he wants to heal your body, but we have to fight for every inch of ground that God has given us. We have to fight for every promise, every little inch of ground. We've got to keep swinging the sword. We got to keep pressing the battle. Amen. No one said this road would be easy. No one said that this road would would bring us comfort and peace. Amen. No one said we would we wouldn't have any scars, but the scars prove that you've been in the battle. &gt;&gt; The scars prove that you've been fighting and that you keep pressing on. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we didn't have any scars, the moment we stop fighting is the moment we know that Satan's got us. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; The moment we stop fighting is the moment we know that Satan's got us. Amen. So, we must keep fighting. We must keep pressing the battle. Amen. We must keep swinging the sword. Amen. Victory is just in sight. Amen. Victory belongs to you this morning. Don't stop believing. Don't stop accepting his word. Keep pressing on. Victory is just inside. Victory belongs to you this morning. Every promise of God belongs to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. What we need this morning are David. Amen. Who will say who can stand and say this morning and say you you stand and let that uncircumcised Philistine defy the armies of the living God? Well, I'll go fight him. Well, I'll go. I know that God has chosen me for a purpose. Amen. And I'll go fight him. That's what we need today. That's what we need are Davids that will stand at the forefront and say, "I will go fight my giants. I will go fight them." Oh my. God wants men and women this morning who can rise up and say, "I'll take the Lord at his word." No matter what may fail, wear this or that or the other one did. That has nothing to do with it. If you want to be a Saul, if you want to be a Saul and be afraid to go fight, then you can just get back where you belong. Amen. But God's army is moving forward this morning. If you want to be a Saul and go hide in your little tent, then go hide in your little tent. But God's word, God's army is moving forward this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God wants men and women of valor. &gt;&gt; Men and women of faith, men and women with power and understanding. That's what God wants. Amen. We don't have to be smart. We don't have to be educated. Amen. We don't We just have to have to be uh open up our channels for God to work through. Amen. God takes those little channels and he makes warriors out of us. Oh my, I want to be a warrior for him. Oh my. Is that your desire this morning, Lord? I want to be a warrior for you. Lord, I want to face my giant. I I want to face my problems knowing Lord that you've gone before me making a way. That you've gone before me providing a way. Amen. That we've looked beyond our giant. We've looked be beyond our troubles this morning. And Lord, we see a victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We read there in our opening scripture, take the whole armor of God. Amen. You can't just take some of it. You can't just take some of it and leave the rest behind. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. But you have to take the whole army of God. Armor of God. Amen. In the natural army, we we can take the gun. We can't just take the gun and leave the ammo. Amen. You need the two to work together. Amen. You can't just take the gun and leave the ammo and decide that you're going to go fight. Amen. It doesn't work. Amen. And you can't take You can't cut your gear in half. You can't take your helmet and cut it in half and put one side on and leave the other side off. You You've got You need every part of your armor. You need everything that God has given you. Amen. It will do you no good if if you only take half of your stuff and leave the other half. But you have to be fully equipped. Amen. And that's the same thing with God's army today. We can't just take part of God's word and leave the rest. Amen. We can't pick and choose on what we want to believe and and pick and choose on what the prophet has to say. Amen. It won't work. Amen. But what in order to stand against the darts of the devil, it says to take the whole armor of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You have to accept 100% of God's word. You can't accept 99.99.99% and expect it to work. You have to take 100% of what God said and defeat the devil with it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. It's time to quit playing church this morning. It's time to quit playing church. Amen. It's time that we quit fussing and fighting with each other. It's time we quit we quit uh fuzzing and fighting with the pastor. Quit fuzzing and fighting with the deacons. Quit fussing and fighting with each other and press the battle. We're all in a battle together. &gt;&gt; Oh my. It's later than we think. The time is at hand. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Believe every word of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Amen. Believe every word of God this morning. Amen. You say, "Well, I don't know how it's going to happen, but I believe it." Amen. I don't know how my children are going to make it, but I believe it. Amen. I don't know how I'm going to get healed, but I believe it. I don't understand everything, but I believe it. Don't reason your faith away. Don't reason your weapon away. Don't doubt your weapon away. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what's the matter with preachers today. They want to explain the promises away. They want to explain this away. They want to explain that away. Quit explaining the promises away. Believe it. Amen. They're trying to educate the promises away. But let me tell you something this morning. Every promise of God belongs to his children. And do you believe you're his children this morning? Then every promise of God belongs to you. Amen. If you're a child of God this morning, then he said, "Ask anything in my name and I will give it to you. See if I won't do something for you. See if I won't come through for you. Ask for me and I'll make a way. I'll provide a way for you. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter if you're the weakest Christian this morning. It doesn't matter how weak you are. If you are a child of God, then you hold every powerless &gt;&gt; that was in Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. If you are a believer this morning, then you hold every power that was in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Brandham tells the story. Amen. When Christ died there on the cross. Amen. Christ the great warrior. When Christ died there on the cross, he was laid in the tomb. Amen. All hell was rejoicing. All hell was having a party. All of hell was having fun rejoicing &gt;&gt; cuz they thought they had finally won. They thought they had finally won. And they were down in hell maybe throwing a party. Maybe they just had their rock and roll just blaring and just dancing, just having a good old time. Amen. And maybe Satan was there. I'm going to try to demonstrate a little bit. Maybe Satan was sitting there in his big old chair and just a little grin on his face. Then little keys of death held in the grave hanging on his side. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Maybe he'd clip them off, twirl them, lick at them, &gt;&gt; put them back on his side. &gt;&gt; Maybe he was just sitting there just just having a good old time. And then all of a sudden, all of a sudden, there came a little knock on the door. &gt;&gt; And Satan says, "Well, well, who is it? Can can you not see that we're just we're having a good old time down here? Why are you late to the party?" He says, voice on the other side of the door says, "Well, just come open it." So, Satan gets out of his big chair and he walks over there and he opens the door and he goes, "Well, who are you?" He goes, "Well, I'm Jesus Christ." He goes, "Oh, so you finally made it." And and he goes, "I thought I had you when I threw Daniel in the lion's den. &gt;&gt; I thought I had you when I threw the three Hebrew children in the furnace. &gt;&gt; I thought I had you when I beheaded John. I thought I had you then. I thought I had you at Calvary. But here you are now." Brother, brother Brandham says, "I can hear Jesus Christ say, I am the virgin born of son of God. I came from the ivory palaces of my father and I came to the earth and on the earth is bathed this morning with my blood that I gave and paid the price of death set in hell." And he looked at Satan and he said, "Give me those keys, Satan. I'm taken over from here on." Amen. You've kept the people in bondage. You've kept them in fear and everything else, but I've taken over now. Hallelujah. Took them off and hung them on his own side. Pushed him back into hell where he belonged. Amen. And walked away. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The mighty conqueror. Amen. Since he rent the veil in two, behold him in full view. The mighty conqueror rose up and said, "I am he that was dead and is alive again. I'm alive forever more and I have the keys of death and hell. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life. I've got the keys of the resurrection and I'll raise him up in the last day. Oh my. When he ascended up to glory and he sent the Holy Spirit back which the which is the manifestation of Jesus Christ and the church. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. It's the mighty conqueror. It's the mighty conqueror back in his church again. The mighty conqueror who had never lost a battle. Amen. Amen. And he reigns on the throne this morning. Amen. Brother says when Christ was here on earth. Amen. He never preached a funeral. Why? Because because death couldn't stay in his presence. And let me tell you, when he ascended up to glory, he gave you his power. He gave you everything that was in him. He gave it to you. Now you can stand there in victory. Now you can stand there possessing every promise. Amen. Now you can stand there and watch demons flee from you. Now you can stand there and say, "I am a mighty conqueror." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My &gt;&gt; blinded eyes can't stay in his presence. Sickness can't stay in his presence. Death can't stay in his presence. Lost souls can't stay in his presence. Amen. Whatever you have need of this morning, just come under his presence. Oh my. He already won the battle for us. We're more than conquerors through Christ. Amen. Whatever you have need of. Amen. Satan don't don't have the keys to his own kingdom anymore. Amen. Satan don't even have the keys to hell anymore because our mighty conqueror conquered death, hell, and the grave. Amen. Christ stripped him of everything he was. Amen. He's nothing but a bluff this morning, church. He's nothing. Just nipping at your heels. That's all he's doing. Amen. He's just coming at you. That's all he's doing. Hey my Amen. He's under your feet this morning. He's under Just praise him this morning. Just rejoice this morning. The mighty conqueror had conquered for you. Now you can stand there in victory because victory belongs to you. Oh my. Amen. Victory belongs to you. The two-edged sword he placed in your hands. He gave you a two-edged sword. Just trap your way through the fear. Just chop your way through the feelings. Just trap your way through circumstances. Chop your way through the doubt. Amen. And only believe this morning. Only believe. Amen. If you try to use your own ideas, you're going to fail. &gt;&gt; If you try to use someone else's ideas, you will fail. If you try to lean on your mom and dad, you will fail. Amen. If you try to lean on your own education, you will fail. But if you put the word first, you will have the victory. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Amen. In closing, I want to say this. Brother Brandham says, "What is the word?" What is the word? The Bible said here, we just read it. For the spirit of God is the word. See, look here. and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit. The spirit that comes in through your mind and enters into you. And the sword of that spirit is the word of God. What does that spirit fight with? What does that holy spirit fight with? Sensations. Feelings? No. The word. What does it fight with? Feeling? Word. Word. Let's say it. Word. &gt;&gt; Word. &gt;&gt; Word. &gt;&gt; Word of God is what the spirit fights with. The spirit of God walks right up to the devil and says, "It is written." Amen. It is written. And the devil gives away. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. If you have the spirit of God in you this morning, Amen. And you look in the mirror and you just, it's just a Martha. Your eyes are just bloodshot. And Satan says, "See, see, you ain't got the victory yet." But you can stand there and say, "But it is written, Satan. I don't know how I'm feeling. I I feel like throwing up. I'm in back pain. I feel like laying in bed, but I'm going to church this morning. I'm going to keep pressing on. It is written, Satan. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; You may say, "Well, I'm the weakest of Christians. Every day it just seems like I flat fall on my face." Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I just seem like I fall flat on my face every day. But it doesn't matter how many times you fall. It matters how many times you get back up again and keep pressing on. Brother Brunner says that even the weakest of Christians will fall on their knees and Satan trembles. When the weakest of Christians fall and bow down on their knees, Satan becomes afraid. Oh my. Cuz he knows there's power in the word. He knows that there's power in this message. Amen. It doesn't matter how strong you are. It doesn't matter how smart you are. It doesn't matter how well you feel. If you're fully equipped with the God's armor, then nothing can stand in your way. Nothing can stand in your way. &gt;&gt; Amen. Put on the whole far armor of God. Amen. Amen. I'm trying to hurry now. See, David was a ready little guy. He didn't look like he could amount to much, but he had been anointed for a purpose. David was anointed for a purpose. when no one else would go stand up to that giant. David said, "I will go." Amen. And Saul told David, "But you're just a little kid. You're just a little weakling." But and then Goliath's been a a soldier from his youth. He's been a warrior from his youth. See, that's the difference when one has the promise. Oh my. Saul said, "Well, if you want to go, wear my armor." So, David put on Saul's education. He put on Saul's ideas. He he used Saul's reasonings. and and but David couldn't move. He couldn't just he could he couldn't maneuver anywhere. So he says, "Get this off of me. Get this armor off of me. It's not for me." Amen. He He said, "Well well, how am I supposed to fight like this?" Amen. It will only hinder me. So he went out there with only five stones, a sling, and a promise from God. Amen. And it's the same with us today. We must get rid of anything that will try hindering us. Amen. a truck, just go out there and fight. You've been given the promise this morning. You've been given the promise that you're more than a conqueror. Amen. And and as Goliath was making fun of him, David walked out there and and Goliath was just say, "But you're just a little boy. What are you going to do? You you're just too weakling." Amen. David says, "But you come at me with a spear and a sword." Amen. But I come at you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. So what did he do? Brother Brandham says as he as David was standing there, he looked past his Goliath. He looked past the mountain. He looked past the giant and he saw a victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. He saw a victory. Amen. No bear could eat him. No lion could have him for breakfast. And no giant could stop David. Why? because he had been given the promise that he was going to be king one day. He was going to be king one of these days. And you've been given the promise that you're going to sit with him. Amen. That you're going to be more than a conqueror. Amen. Don't fear what the devil has against you this morning. Just keep moving on. Amen. That's what we need to do this morning. Just look past your fears. Amen. Look past the doubt. Look past the circumstances. Look past all your senses. Look past your giant this morning. Amen. And you will see the victory. Amen. You say, "Well, how can we have the victory in a time like this? How can we have the victory when the world is so dark? How can you have the victory when the doctor says I won't get well? How can I have the victory in the when my body is still in pain? Because you've been given the promise. You've been given the promise that you're going to be okay. You've been given the promise." So keep fighting, keep pressing with any everything in you. Amen. You've been given the promise. If God before us, if God before us, then who can stand against? Amen. Psalms 91:7, a thousand shall fall at thy side, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee. Amen. and the ninth verse. Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high thy inhabitation, there shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling, for he shall give his angels charge over thee to keep thee in all thy ways. Deuteronomy 3:16, "Be strong and of good courage. Fear not, nor be afraid of them, for the Lord thy God, he it is that doth go with thee. He will not fail thee nor forsake thee. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There were so many promises in this word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; There were so many promises in the word. &gt;&gt; Read the word. It's for you. The Bible is for you. The word, the message is for you. Amen. Christ is on your side this morning. The great and mighty conqueror who has never lost a battle is on your side. Amen. Go forward and speak the word. Amen. If the musicians will comeless, &gt;&gt; brother Brandham says before any victory can be won, there must be a great price paid. Must be great prices paid. Oh, what prices? And sometimes they are very deep and they make great scars and tearing down. But in order to have the mountain, you've got to have the valley. Before we can have the sunshine, we've got to get the rain. Before we can have the light, we've got to have the night. Before we can have the right, they have to have wrong or we'd never know what wrong was. Amen. If I could say this this morning, before we can have our healing, there first had to come sickness. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Before we can have the victory, there first has to come a battle. &gt;&gt; We must keep fighting. We must keep pressing the battle. We must keep lifting our banner up high. He said he would never leave us nor forsake us. That he would be with us, even in us, to the end of the world. Amen. We've got a home in glory. Let's press forward that prize. We've got loved ones waiting on us. I've got a mother waiting on me. I've got friends waiting on me over there. Amen. There are saints waiting for us. Let's keep pressing the battle. Let's keep pressing with everything that's within us. Press toward the prize. It's just in sight. I mean, we're here at the end time. This is it. Keep pressing the battle. Don't give up. Keep believing for your healing. Keep believing for your deliverances. Keep believing for your children. Keep believing for your spouse. Victory is just ahead. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh my. Brother Brandham tells a story. I believe only a couple times, but I know you all know it. But he tells a story. He said that Caesar was going to ask. He was going to ride in a great chariot and he wanted some of his soldiers, an honorable soldier to ride with him down through the streets of this great jubilee. and he was going to choose just one to ride with them. So all the warriors trimmed their plums and they polished their shields. They were just getting ready cuz Caesar was coming. She Caesar was going to make his choice. So they wanted to look their best. So as they trimmed their plums, polished their shields and their helmets getting ready to pass by Caesar to review to see who had been chosen to ride with him in this great parade. All of his warriors walking perfectly, straightly walked by and stood with their salute. And all along Caesar looked at each one of them as he passed by and said after a little while a little bitty old soldier crippled up in his arm. &gt;&gt; That's right. scarred all over his face and everything walked by and he felt ashamed of himself and kind of bowed his head and he started to walk away cuz he was embarrassed. And Jesus said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute there. Come back here." He said, "Yes, great emperor." He says, "Where did you get them scars? Why are you all scarred up? He says, I got them in the battlefield fighting for my emperor. He says, you come up here with me. You're the one that I've chosen. You're the one that's earned a ride. Brother Brenham says, "I don't care whether I'm DD, PhD, or doubleld. I want some scars to show that I've been in the battle." That's what Christians ought to do. Don't choose the flowery easy things. I'll take away with the Lord's despised few. I've started with Jesus. Oh Lord, take me through. Let's show our scars this morning. Let's show that we've been in the battle. Amen. The scars are only a testimony of God's grace to prove that we've been in the heat of the battle. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Can we just bow our heads for a moment? You may still feel the pain. You may still be suffering. You may still see your loved ones still in the world. But look beyond your natural ability. Look beyond your senses this morning. Look beyond the impossible and look to God's word this morning for victory belongs to you. Amen. How many can say, "Lord, I'm taking you at your word this morning. No matter how I'm feeling, no matter what the doctor may say, no matter what my conscience says, Lord, I believe your word and I'm and I'm expecting my victory this morning. You've got to set a stake down. You've got to drive a stake this morning. Drive a stake this morning. Says, "Lord, I'm healed. Lord, I've got my deliverance. Lord, I've got my children saved." Drive a steak this morning that when you go home the next day, the next weeks, the next months, the next years, when Satan begins to plague your mind, you can say, "Satan, on that day, on that day, I drove a stake down and I claimed my healing. I claimed my victory. I claimed my children. I drove a stake down. Satan, get away from me. Get away from me, Satan. Amen. Just drive a stake down and say, "Lord, I'm here. Lord, I'm claiming every promise you have for me. Lord, I'm not giving up. Lord, I'm not going to give up today. I'm not going to give up tomorrow. Lord, I've come too far to give up now. You've been too good to me to give up now. You've been too good to me to doubt your word. Now, I'm going to keep pressing on. Amen. That should be our heart's desires with everyone this morning is Lord, I need you. Lord, I need your strength. Lord, I need you to keep pressing on. Don't ever leave my side. Hold my hand all the way, Lord. terribly. Father, Lord, Lord, we feel your presence this morning, Lord. Lord, you said in your word, the victory belongs to us. Lord, you said in your word to take the full armor of God. And Lord, I believe that I'm standing here this morning with warriors, warriors of the cross. Lord, who has never given up, who's never never turned around. Lord, we've got needs this morning, Father. Lord, Satan's been bombarding our minds. He's been trying to get us to turn around. He's been trying to get us to give up. But Lord, we're trusting in you, Lord. We're believing in your word this morning. Lord, you said whatever we ask in your name, Lord. You said you will give it to us. And Lord, we accept our healing. We accept our deliverance. Lord, we accept every promise you have for us, Lord. You said, "Ask you for big things." And Lord, we're asking you to move. Lord, speak to your children this morning. Lord, meet every need this morning is our prayer. Lord, make us warriors. Father, give us scarves. Lord, let us prove, Lord, that we've been in the battle. Let us keep pressing on, Lord. We thank you for it, Lord Jesus. We thank you for it, Lord. Thank you for victory. Thank you for your promise. Thank you Lord. Thank you for moving Lord. Thank you for answering our prayers. We love you Father. We thank you Lord. We won't prevail. For the God I serve knows only how to prosper. Trying for my God will never fail. No, my God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, there's power in the mighty name of Jesus. [Music] And every war he wages, he will win. And I'm not backing down from any giant. Oh, cuz I know how this story ends. Yes, I know how this story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Sing it again. I'm going to see victory. I'm going to see victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. for the battle belongs. Amen. What is that? I just had that song on my heart. Um climb the mountain. I won't be shaking. Can we sing that song? I won't be shaking. I won't be shaking. [Applause] Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? [Music] Oh, my God is so much bigger in troubles I face. Oh, why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of he's [Music] shen. Oh, I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. His promises. The word has gone forth. Just water it with your praises this morning. I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. [Music] My God, the victory's already won. You see, he died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third day. [Music] Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. Oh, I won't be shen. [Music] No, I won't be moved. Oh my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Yes, it is. My God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than you. Sing it again. Oh, I won't be shen. [Music] No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. Oh, his promise is true. So, I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. My God is bigger. [Music] Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. All I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his word divine. Oh, every promise in the book. If Jesus said it, if Jesus said it, I believe it. His words cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I'll believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. If Jesus said it, I believe it. His words cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I'm going to believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. If Jesus said it, do you believe it? I believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Before we go, can we sing just one more song? Um, Satan's like a roaring lion, roaming to and fro. Greater is he that is in me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, Satan's like a roaring lion. He's roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. Oh, many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. Oh, but God has promised us today his overcoming power. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Now on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind. Oh, it blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. Now with a power greater than any earthly foe. Well, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, that greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is hid me than he that is hid the world. Yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. As they would just play softly now. Amen. How many enjoyed the word this morning? Amen. I'm so thankful for his promises. Amen. I pray it made sense in some way. Pray it was an encouragement. Amen. We want to uh remember again the fall festival is coming up um next Sunday. So we want to keep that in mind. And I believe service will start at 10:30 instead of 11. So let's just remember that 10:30 uh 10 10 it's 10 10 it will start at 10:00 not 10:30 forget anyone said 10:30 it will start at 10:00 on Sunday morning instead of 11. Amen. So let's just keep that in our in our hearts. Amen. We also the signup sheet is still in the back. Uh there's still uh I guess they're looking for some more uh things for the sisters to sign up with for. Amen. So, let's um Amen. If all hearts are clear, Amen. Maybe we could ask um Brother Terry if you would dismiss us in a word of prayer. [Music] Everybody. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Well, Satan's like a roaring line. He's roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may define. The pavle tails we
