################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - Brother Josh Martin Faith Is The Victory - Josh Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-14
Title:    Brother Josh Martin "Faith Is The Victory"
Speaker:  Josh Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RcialRpxgM
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message Of The Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wonder work in power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from the burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you or a victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. So much power in the blood. Just come for a cleansing to Calary. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now would you be wider? Much wider than snow. There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder work and power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Power, wonder, work, and power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now, would you do service to Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Oh, would you lift daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. Are you a witness tonight? Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder, work, and power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder, working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power. Power, wonderwork, and power in the precious blood of the lamb. Amen. Do you believe there's still power in the blood? Amen. Maybe we could ask uh brother Amos to invite the Lord's presence. Amen. &gt;&gt; Gracious heavenly father God, we want to thank you Lord for opportunity be here tonight. We thank you Lord for touching many sick father God [Music] Lord God we thank you father God for all the prayers that's done that's being answered even of this service Lord we thank you father God for your graciousness may you have a way on this Lord may we welcome you in Jesus name [Music] it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And oh Pharaoh, it looked like he had the victory, but the waters rode on back with the breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh yes. Joshua took a walk around Jericho. Lord, you told him, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, and it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. Can we stand to our feet and sing it now? Oh Elijah, all them prophets said that he was wrong. Oh, send the fire down to their gods. They prayed all day long. Then Elijah prayed and down came the fire. Then they ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart into all the pieces I couldn't men with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now this body is slowly dying without. But I ain't worried though. The skin worms eat my skin. cuz you'll open heaven's doors and I'll walk right in. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath tail, my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. Can we sing that first verse? Oh, their children had their backs to that Red Sea. And oh, Pharaoh, it looked like he had the victory, but the waterers rode on back with a breath you blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. Can we sing it one more time now? Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. Brother Joe [Music] God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, just lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. Oh, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, just lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted for God is going to finish. What do you believe that tonight? Oh yes, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, just lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he one more time now. Oh, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, just lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted for God is going to finish what started in you. Can you give the Lord a hand? Clap of praise. Amen. [Music] You don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. [Music] For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. So no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. So when your test and trials, oh they seem to get you down. And all your friends and loved ones, they are nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus. He will wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I do. You know you can make it. Oh, I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. Oh, my life is in your hands. Know it's Jesus I can take it with him. I know I can stand. So no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. Oh I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. So no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. as they would just play softly. Now, if we've got a couple requests we want to remember tonight, uh we want to keep Sister Hope in our prayers. Uh she's still down on her back. And uh man, she's had that for a little while. So, let's just keep her in our prayers that the Lord would just go down and and touch her there. And uh we want to keep uh Sister Martha in her prayers that the Lord would just continue to be with her. Sister Kim Weeks that the Lord would just uh touch her there. Amen. And um also we want to keep Brother Bill in our prayers. Um him, Sister Crystal and the family, they uh found Brother Bill's niece uh deceased this morning. So let's just keep them in our prayers that the Lord would just be with them during this time. Amen. And heaven has an unspoken request by lift your hands. Amen. The Lord sees every need. Amen. Maybe we could ask Judah uh if he would come and lead us tonight in prayer. Amen. Let's remember uh brother Josh Martin tonight that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. Let us bow our heads tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for allowing us to come once more, Lord, in your presence, Lord, to worship you, Father. Lord, we believe that you are a miracle worker, Father. And Lord, you see the request that was brought before us tonight, Father. Lord, we ask that you just move upon the scene, Lord. And every need that was raised tonight, Lord, you see each need, Father, we ask that you just come down, touch each life, Lord, touch each heart. and brother Josh Martin as he brings forth the word. We ask that you just anoint him. May we pull on the gift. Loving we thank you for all your blessings. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. So no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. You can be seated. to win your test and trials for they seem to get you down. And all your friends and loved ones and they are nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus and he will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, we Jesus, I can take it. With him I know I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in. Levi, do you have a song? Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. Amen. Do you believe you're in his hands tonight? Amen. Thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you bearing all sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the Thank you. Wash me in hand. Now all I know is your forgiveness and praise. [Music] [Music] You are victory. I am lifted up. [Music] He's the son of God, the lamb of heaven. Merciful, [Music] worthy is [Music] thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing my son and shame in love you came. [Music] Thank you for your love. [Music] Thank you for your love. [Music] You wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is you forgive yourself. [Music] This all the way through you Christ. You reign victorious. [Music] I am lifted up. [Music] Jesus, son of God, the L of heaven. Merciful. [Music] Oh, worthy is your lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Music] Worthy is the lamb. All seated on the throne. [Music] We crown you now with many crowns. Lord, you reign victorious. Oh high and lift it up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven and crucified. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. Can we sing it again now? Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, seated on the throne as Judah comes. Oh, we crown you now with many crowns. Lord, you reign victorious as high and lifted up high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. You're seated on the throne. We crown you now with me. He crowns Lord. You reign victorious. [Music] Oh high it lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. [Music] Oh the treasure of heaven crucified. [Applause] Oh worthy is the lamb. Amen. [Music] When giants come calling my name, my God is so much bigger than all of these I face. Why would I hunger for power, riches, or fame? [Music] Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. Oh, so I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] So I'll speak to the mountains. It's time to move. [Music] Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, bigger than you. My enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. [Music] Oh my God is stronger. The victory is already one. Oh yes, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. [Music] Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell, and the grave, so I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, so I'll speak to this mountain. Oh, it's time to move. [Music] Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Oh my God is stronger. The victory it's already won. He died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. [Music] Cuz my God is greater than death. Oh, hell and the grave. So I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to this mountain. Oh, it's time to move. [Music] Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. So I won't so I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, he hears me and he helps me. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. [Music] You see, he's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. My God can I handle our God in simplicity. be revealed in you, in me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Can we stand now? When you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, it's God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not in the way you think it, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm to follow. God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Down from his glory gave us the victory. the greatest love story. Oh, now when you're in need, call on the Lord. Oh, he hears you and he can help you. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. Do you believe that? Oh, you're your companion. Oh, your best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior is Jesus, the lion of Judah. Sing it from your heart with us. It never faileth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he's almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. [Music] There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory to give us the victory. The greatest love story. Well, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. Do you believe he's tremendous? He's glorious. Praise the Lord. Well, I I don't think there's just I don't believe there's anything greater to serve. Amen. Than our God Almighty. &gt;&gt; Amen. A lot of people serving many other things and uh you know, and they end up disappointed and they'll continue to be disappointed. Amen. But God has never forsaken us. There ain't no believer ever disappointed in God. Amen. For he is truly faithful. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh you can be seated for just a moment. Amen. certainly love the Lord and want to say it's uh uh good to have everyone back um from the uh youth camp and u uh the uh heard just y'all had tremendous services I watched uh got to watch them and at least the the three and uh first three and and uh was really blessed myself and I would encourage anyone uh to go and listen to them uh uh services, all four of them, brother uh Andrew Glover and brother Josh Bennett, they just outdone themselves and uh God used them in a mighty way and um uh you know heard of deliverances uh there Saturday night and there was some major deliverances that took place and um uh there's this you know and I guess you know it's there's something going around you know among just u young uh women. Um and I guess it' be all right to say it online, but the doctor does telling Jonathan it's it's just happening everywhere. And uh but uh where they just um uh they're passing out, they're figning, they they they uh losing strength. Um it's like going into a seizure and and um uh every doctors are just perplexed and it's been hitting some of the the girls in the message and uh they're just passing out just you know and uh can't get up to continue on through the day and just um you know and and uh it's just a real strange thing. we know what it is, but uh several were delivered Saturday night in that prayer meeting prayer line. And we just really thank the Lord for that. And I tell you, we've got victory over that devil. And no matter what what takes place, no matter what happens, we have got the victory. And I'm I'm just really thrilled uh to see what God done in the meeting. And um it's uh good to have brother Bill back with us. Amen. and been sick and and uh in his body and so uh several of the elders and just really good to have each of our elders back and and um feeling well and um good to have brother Amos back and I've heard the the services were just tremendous uh uh in the the meetings that he had ministered and so we're we're just really thankful for what God is doing. I believe that God is alive and well and he is moving among his people. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have nothing to be discouraged about, nothing to be worried about, nothing to be afraid about. Amen. God is truly moving. Amen. And um and so and Sister Brooke um I saw her earlier, but uh good to have her back with Felicity and the baby doing doing a lot better. So, we thank the Lord for that. I wanted to read a quote before we have brother Josh out. But um uh brother Brandham, he's talking about uh when Eleazar had come to get uh Rebecca and and he says, "And Rebecca, which was to be the mother of this noted, promised wanted son uh talking of Isaac there. when she was called to that final test of a strange man that she had never seen before. Only she seen the working of the Holy Spirit. And when her parents could not fully decide whether she should go with this stranger or not to be the wife of a man she had never seen, she was brought to the final test. And they said, "We'll get the damsel and let her speak. We'll hear from her mouth whether she will go yes or no. Right. Amen. Wanted her to speak. It was time for her to speak &gt;&gt; and make her decision. Right. &gt;&gt; And and he says that's the way it's brought to all the seed of God. It's got to be your mouth. &gt;&gt; Everybody say it's got to be my mouth. &gt;&gt; God wants to hear from you. And so when she was put to the test, she never hesitated a minute. She said, "I will go." &gt;&gt; And he says, "I like that." Not, "Well, let me make up my mind. Let me study it over." She was fully persuaded. That's the people that God can use. When you're fully persuaded that God will keep his promise, and she said, "I'll go." Ain't that right? Amen. And so, how many's fully persuaded that God is going to keep his promise? Now, we're not just saying we're going in a rapture. We are fully persuaded. &gt;&gt; Fully persuaded that God will take care of us, that God will provide for us. I'm per I'm I'm just fully persuaded that God will will heal our bodies. &gt;&gt; How many's fully persuaded of that? I I'm fully persuaded that God will answer our prayer. I'm fully persuaded that God's going to save your children. &gt;&gt; He's going to save my children. Can you say amen? I'm fully persuaded that I'm going in a body change. I'm fully persuaded. I said I'll go. I'm I'm God wants to hear from us. Ain't that right? I'll take him. I want him. I I want the Lord Jesus Christ. I Amen. And And you know, it's uh I believe that there's a a people in this this building. I believe we're just fully persuaded. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going all the way. Amen. You love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, it's just a real honor to have uh my nephew uh brother Josh here with us uh tonight and and um I was supposed to be in Alaska and uh uh and so I had asked him uh to come and uh so I'm I'm glad I'm be here to be able to hear him and to minister and uh I sure appreciate brother Josh and his ministry and you know uh uh just uh he is he has uh given his life to this gospel and loves this message as as we do. And so I know you're going to be blessed and uh uh you'll hear from God tonight. Amen. And and so let's just stand to our feet and and um uh we want to just invite him to come and and take his liberty and preach whatever the Lord has laid upon his heart. Amen. Let's just sing uh all the way. I'm going all the way. Amen. I'm so glad to be the Rebecca of this age. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going. Yes, I am all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. I've made my decision. I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I've made my decision. [Music] Away with the Lord. I've drawn the line. Oh, I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. Made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've drawn the line. Oh yeah. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. Amen. And I trust that your confession tonight, I'm going all the way with the Lord. Whatever his will for my life is, his desire, I'm going to surrender my life to it. My desires, my ambitions, whatever it may be, Lord, I'm going all the way. And I believe that's what God wants in his people. There's a desire of Lord, not my will, but thy will be done. Surrendering to the call of God and let him lead us and direct us. Amen. Well, if you would have your Bibles tonight, I've got two passages of scripture. 1 John 4:9. Read that down to the 10th verse and 1 John 5 and2. It's good to be with y'all this evening. Um, like Uncle Sean was saying, he was supposed to be there in in Alaska. And so, he's which he's not in Alaska, so you might be a little disappointed that he's not ministering, but I pray something can be said tonight to be a blessing and to strengthen you in some way. Amen. But first John 4 and9 you love the Lord this evening. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; In this was manifested the love of God towards us because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. Herein is love. Not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his son to be the propitiation for our sins. In 1 John 5:2, by this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments, and his commandments are not grievious. For whatsoever is born of God overcomemeth the world, and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. Amen. Can we bow our heads here this evening? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're thankful for your grace, your mercy, Lord, your your spirit that we feel here among us tonight. Father, we ask that you would just feel at home here among us, Lord. just have your liberty, Father, to speak to the hearts and to the needs, Lord. If you need to convict us of things, Lord, convict us, Father. But we ask that you would just have your perfect way among us, Lord. Just anoint your your speaker tonight and the hearer, Father. May everything that is said and done be according to your will. Lord, we love you and we're thankful for all these things in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated this evening. I have just a simple thought but I pray it can all come together and and make some sense but it would be faith is our victory and brother Brandham would tell us that faith and love uh works together. He would say here in perfect faith here just like a young couple you can take a young man and a young woman they love they fall in love with the one one with another and as they go along they begin to know one one another more. Their hearts just begin to beat as one. See, they're not husband and wife, but their love binds them together. They have confidence one in another. Now, if they really love one another, really love, and you know that this girl loves you and she and and she knows that you love her, you've got confidence. He says, faith in one another. And you've got to have faith in one another. If you didn't, you better not marry her. See, notice you've got to have faith. And you separate them. Put one in the extreme south, one in the extreme north. There's still that love that beats one for another. No matter where they are at, they're just as true to one another as they can be because they love one another. And if you love the Lord, not just trying to dodge hell, but you love the Lord, then you have faith in God. See, if you love him, and I think that's a a powerful quote that we're not just trying to dodge hell, but there's a love for the things of God. And and I believe that that no man can love God unless God puts the love there. And so I believe that God has predestinated us to to have a love for his word, to have a love for for his characteristics. And I like how brother Brandham would put it. When your wife knows that you love her and you know that she loves you, there's a confidence in one another. So it ain't just words or a lip service that I love you and you love me, but love has actions. And I believe that the love of God has actions as well. It's it's more than I just love God, but there's a life behind it. And it's more than just God loves me, but there's a confidence that God loves me and is going to walk with me even if I go through the valley of the shadow of death. And brother Brandon would would talk about the couple that would get married and and and the lady was a was a Christian for some time now, but the man was a new Christian. And she would tell him, "If you ever fall into sin and make a mistake," she would say, "Don't run away from home, but come back to me and we'll we'll pray and weep our way back to Calvary." And the man would be eating lunch with his buddies and would see, "How can I do anything wrong with a love like that?" He realized that her love was more than just words, but there was an action behind it. And I believe love is expressive, and the Bible will tell us, "If you love me, keep my commandments." And I believe that there's a actions behind our love for the things of God. And brother Brandon would say, "We are men and women, but we're also Christians. And if he's our example, let us completely deliver ourselves into the hands of the Holy Ghost that we might be subjects of the kingdom of God." And so, if we love God, there's going to be a delivering up. There's an action that we place that we're taking our life and we're putting it into the hands of the Holy Ghost. And and I like it, brother Brandham says that we're men and women, but we're also Christians. And that really spoke to my heart because many times we use our humanity as excuses. You know, we all have mistakes. We all have flaws and failures. We're human beings, but too many times we use that as an excuse. We we lose a temper. Well, I'm just human. You know, you you you tell a little lie. Well, I'm just human. You you you do a brother wrong. Well, I'm just human. Brother Brandham says, "We are men and women, but we're also Christians." In other words, if you love me, keep my commandments. There's if you really love God, there's going to be actions. We make mistakes, but we don't fall into sin. And I believe that that we forfeit all of our rights to the kingdom of God's sake. Even when we have the the the the the whenever the sa when Satan comes and pulls on our flesh, I believe there's a total deliverance. And brother Brandham would talk about Moses and how that he was believing for a total deliverance. And he would come to Pharaoh and would say, "Let my people go." Brother Brandham would say that Pharaoh was okay with him going up and worshiping, but he had to leave some things behind. He had to leave some children behind, some cattle behind. But brother Brandham says Moses wasn't a compromiser. He says we're not leaving a hoof behind. He says he wanted a total deliverance. And I believe this bride is not a compromiser. There's a love on the inside for God. And so we're not compromising when sin flies up when we lose a temper or or when this Tim says we're loving God and there's actions. Lord, I'm surrendering myself to the hands of the Holy Ghost. And brother Brandon would talk about Moses and would say he was totally delivered from sheep hurting to heard God's sheep. Then he would say that he he so surrendered himself to the hands of God till God could trust him. And I love that because once we surrender oursel to the hands of the Holy Ghost, then we're entrusted with the kingdom of God. And we know what the kingdom of God is. It's it's a kingdom, a spiritual kingdom that is birthed on the inside of the believer. Brother Brand, I'm going to preach the Messiah message, the Messiah, and would say, "What is the Messiah?" It's the kingdom of God inside of the believer. So once Moses would deliver himself into the hands of God, he would be entrusted with the kingdom of God. No wonder he would God would speak to Moses and would say, "Why cry unto me? Speak and go forward." In other words, I've entrusted you with something. Operate faith and speak the word over your life and march on forward. And I believe God has entrusted us with the kingdom of God. That no matter what we come against, the trials we face, all we have to do is speak the word and go forward. And I believe that God trusts us. It ain't that we're just trusting God, but God is trusting us as well. But the Brandon would tell us that God knew that he could trust Job. And he says God knows how much he can trust you. So before that that Job would be on the ash heap before Job would have his family taken away and his his livestock taken away, God trusted him enough to know he was going to come out on the other side. And before we ever go through anything, God trusts us enough to know that we can endure when we go through the trials. You see, so it's a love. God knows we love him. We know that God loves us. So there's a trust in one another. And so Job wasn't only tr God wasn't only trusting Job, but Job was also trusting God. He would say, "I he knoweth the way that I take." And since there was a trust in one another, there was a confidence. There was a faith to endure. Even when his friends turned against him, he would say, "I'm not a secret sinner. I'm under the blood of the sacrifice." Even when his wife would say, "Curse God and die." He would say, "You speak like a foolish woman. The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the holy name." There was a trust producing a faith in the word of God. It was David that would say, "Though God slay me, yet I will trust him." And I believe that there can be a trust on the inside of every one of our lives. Though God slay me, yet I will trust him. There's a kingdom that God has entrusted me with. And brother Brandon would tell us, many people think that the love of God is like a parental love with no suffering. But he says his love is an elective love. And the line, the proof of his love is election. So the proof of his love is not not keeping us from going through things but it's an elective love that can keep us when we go through those things. Oh hallelujah. The Bible would say uh Esau have I hated and Jacob have I loved. There was a there was an election because of the love of God. And I believe there's an elective an election that God has chosen us because of the love of God. And you see, maybe God won't pull us out of the trial sometimes, but he's going to give us grace to endure. You know, he didn't pull Job off of the ash heap, but he gave him grace and would show him that his redeemer liveth. So even while he was on the ash heap, there would be grace to endure the hardships that he was going through. God wouldn't pull the three Hebrew boys out of the fiery furnace, but grace would come and be the fourth man in the fire and would show them even if you're in the midst of it, my grace is sufficient for when you're in the time of need. Hallelujah. God then'll pull Daniel out of the lion's den, the grace would come and would shield him from the mouth of the lion. So, there's a trust that God has placed inside of our life. Brother Brandon would say, "Times may be hard. God has not promised us a flowery bed of ease, but he's promised grace sufficient for every trial that can hit you." That's right. Yes, indeed. Grace is sufficient. Not Not he's on a flowery bed of ease, but he's promised grace to overcome in every temptation. And so every time we go through the valley of the shadow of death, we fear no evil because grace is walking with us. Hallelujah. We're trusting God that his rod is guiding us that that he prepare us the table in the midst of our enemy. There's a trust that we have in God. And then brother Brandon would tell us that he can totally deliver him both body, soul, and spirit. when he's talking about when if we go by the way of the grave, he says he can deliver both body, soul, and spirit because he has trusted in me. Oh, hallelujah. So once if we can only trust God, he's going to be the friend that stickketh closer than a brother. So brother Brandham then would tell us that that we were all sinners alienated without God in the world and the m the the muck of the world. And he says, I talked about this morning God come to us. God sought us. You never saw God. No man come to me except the father draws him first. And God come down to that muck where you was and sought you out. Brought you out. That ought to create a perfect love. Look where you was and look where you are now. What did that? Somebody loved you. Can't you have faith in what he promised you then? Real genuine love will create confidence in his word. Oh, hallelujah. Look where you was and look where you are now. What was it? Somebody loved you. Oh, the color lady would say, "I'm not what I ought to be and I'm not what I want to be, but thank God I'm not what I used to be." But the Brandon Matella, she knew somebody brought her from that place to this place. So, what was it? Somebody loved us. When we was unlovable, God loved us. When we was in sin, shape and iniquity, God still loved us. No wonder the Apostle Paul could say, "Who shall separate us from the love of God?" None of these things, persecution, distress, famine, peril, short, nothing present, nothing future to come, nothing can separate us from the love of God. And with that trust, we know that God will keep us no matter what we go through. And so God's love is a personal love. You can look there in Revelations 3:19. As many as I love. Brother Brandon would say the emphasis is on the eye. He says, "Not as many as loves him, but as many as I love." And so the God's love is a personal love, not a human love. Brother Brandon Matt tell us there's two different kinds of loves, right? There's a human love and then God's love. He says human love, if somebody done your wife wrong, he says you go and you box him, right? you go box his jaw in cuz that that's a human love. But then he says God's love, he says, "Well, pray for the man." And so God's love that the the the as many as I love is not a human love where you do me good, I'll do you good or you do me wrong, I'll do you wrong. The love that God has for us is an elective love. It it's not a love that loves you today and and don't love you tomorrow. But even if we make mistakes, the elective love still stands. It ain't a human love that if you pray to God once a day, he's going to love you back. But he's a it's a love that is an everlasting love. You can look at Jeremiah 31 and3. The Lord hath appeared unfolded unto me, saying, "Yay, I have loved thee with an everlasting love. Therefore, with loving kindness, I have drawn thee." And so his love is the everlasting love. And what I love about that scripture is the Bible says, "The Lord of old hath appeared unto me." In other words, the the same one that loved him from before the foundation of the world is still loving him this present day. And so, the same God that called you and put your name on the lamb's book of life is still loving you with an everlasting love. Even if you feel like you've hit rock bottom, even when you feel like your friends forsaken you, your family has forsaken you, it's an everlasting love that is never going to be diminished. Hallelujah. And with loving kindness have I drawn thee. So in other words, it ain't your merits that has brought you to me, but it's my loving kindness. And David would say, thy loving kindness is better than life. So there's something there's something more than a human love, but there's a godly love that has called you and has poured upon your heart. That's what we have got in this generation was a perfect love to come and remove all of the doubts to give you a perfect faith in a perfect word that you can believe that all things are possible to them that believe. You can look at Deuteronomy 7 and 6. For thou art a holy people unto the Lord thy God. The Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself above all people that are upon the face of the earth. The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because you are more in number than any other people. For ye were the fewest of all people, but because the Lord loved you, because he would keep the oath which he has sworn unto your fathers. Hath the Lord brought you out of the mighty hand and has redeemed you out of the house of the bondman and from the hand of King Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. It's not because we're mighty. It's not because you have a bunch to offer. It's not because you have a nice car or a nice bank account, but because the love of God is an everlasting love. It will bring you out of the hand of bondage and will place you into an everlasting kingdom that will never be diminished. Oh, hallelujah. This kingdom is not a kingdom that's here today and gone tomorrow. But Jesus would say, "This kingdom, there shall be no end to it. We've seen kingdoms rise and we and they fall. But this kingdom is an everlasting kingdom that we've been placed into. But because the Lord hath loved you. And so it's the love of God and and it's because that that God has loved us that he's given us a message and and has opened himself up and has revealed himself to you and has placed you over a spiritual dominion and has placed you as kings and as priests. And brother Brandham would say, "He hath made us." Oh, there are certain truths that we need to emphasize, and this is one of them. He He hath made us. Salvation is his doing. Salvation is of the Lord. All grace, he redeemed us for a purpose. He bought us for a purpose. I love that the emphasis is on. He hath made us kings and priests. You didn't make yourself worthy. God made you worthy. You didn't bring God's elective love to yourself. God bestowed his love upon you and have made you kings and priests. You can look at 1 Peter 2:9. You're a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who have called you out of darkness into his marvelous light, which in times past were not a people, but are now the people of God, which have not attained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. We were in times past nobody. But brother Brandon would tell us there's three different nationalities of people, right? There's the Jews, the Gentiles, and the Samaritans. God would reveal himself to the Jews when he would speak to Nathaniel, the Messiah sign. He would, Brother Brandon then would tell us, God would re would reveal himself to the Samaritans at the woman at the well. But he says that the Gentiles were a heathen people. They weren't looking for God. And God only comes to those who were looking for him. So, we were in times past, not a people. But now, we are the people of God. It's not because you chose him, but God chose you over the denominations. God chose you over all the people that are upon the world today. We were in times past not a people, but now the people of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, we once were a heathen people, but through the love of God, he would show us the Messiah sign. He would show us that the Messiah is upon the earth today. How come we could recognize the Messiah is because we was redeemable. Oh, hallelujah. Remember the woman up the well, brother Brandham says she was redeemable. And when she recognized the Messiah, it would bring the image that God had in his mind to her. What was it? She was redeemable. Then brother Brandon would say this. You put yourself into position by recognizing him. He says, "You're now subject now to see greater things." Oh, hallelujah. By recognizing him, you're subject now to see greater things. Daniel would say, "The people that know their God shall be strong and do exploits." In other words, you're going to see some mighty things. You're not just going to see this one fall away and that one fall away, but you're going to see a kingdom that is never diminished. You're going to see a young people that can strive in the midst of Leoa. You're going to see a marriage that can that can be kept together by the hand of God. You can see a bride that it can go through the valley of the shadow of death, but there's still somebody trusting him. Oh, you can see Faith Tabernacle that has been through some hardships, but you're still standing. There's a people that know their God and they're seeing some mighty things. They shall be strong and do exploits. What is it? We've been delivered from the power of darkness and has been translated into the kingdom. You look at Colossians 1:13. Who have delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. So, we're still walking among darkness, but we've been delivered from the power of darkness. You're still walking in your flesh, but you've been delivered from the power of your flesh. You're walking in legosa, but you've been delivered from the power of Leoa. And we've been translated. The word translated means to be moved from one place to another. The the Bible will tell us about John that he got in the spirit on the Lord's day. Brother Brandham says he got into the spirit and was translated or transported. So even though he was still in his flesh, he was seeing mighty things. His body was still on the aisle of Patmas, but in the spirit he could see there was an open book. And my name is written upon that open book. That's why he could rejoice. Oh hallelujah. He was weeping because nobody was found worthy to open the book, even look upon the book. But then he heard a voice saying, "Weep not, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed to open the book and loosen the seals." He went from weeping to rejoicing. What did brother Brandham say? He must have saw his name upon that book. So his body was still on the outmas, but he was translated into another position. Your body is still walking in legacy, but you've been translated into a bride age. You're walking in Leodysa, but you've been delivered from the power of Leodysa. &gt;&gt; There's a kingdom that we've been placed into. And I believe we are victorious people. Not just somebody that's victorious on a Wednesday or upon a Sunday, but we are victorious for faith is our victory. Oh, we once was a people, not a people, but now the people of God. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon would say, Paul said, "My flesh wants to always yield to that. Your flesh does too. But the law of the spirit of God in the heart overcomes the flesh and makes the body obey what the heart says do." So the kingdom which is upon your heart brings your body into subjection. Even when it feels like you don't want to come to church, brother, I don't got the quote in front of me, but brother Brandon would tell us that there's the law of the spirit and the law of the flesh. He says, "Many times," I hope this is okay. He says, "Many times you don't feel like coming to church." He says, "What is it?" That's the law of the flesh. Oh, but then there's another law. There's a kingdom that pressures you that that causes you to keep going on even when you don't feel like you can go on. You see, there's a kingdom that we've been placed into. And brother Brandon would say, "But the hour has come that every kingdom has to give way because there's a kingdom of God that's established in the human heart by the baptism of the Holy Spirit and the presence of Jesus Christ. And Christ will come to his bride and will set up a kingdom here on the earth that will never be diminished." Oh, so he's coming upon the earth inside of a bride body. I believe this is the bright coming of Jesus Christ. We are we become the literal spoken word of Jesus Christ. What does that mean, brother Josh? The message of the hour is not in tape form, but it's living in people that have mistakes, that has failures, but they're not bound to them. They have temptations, but they've been delivered from the power of it and transported or translated into the kingdom of Almighty God. Hallelujah. That's why God told Moses, "Why cry? Speak. You're walking in your flesh, but you've got authority behind you. Speak the word." Oh, I think it's time that we stop crying about the hard times and get some grit about oursel and pick up the word of God and see. I'm not crying about it, but I'm speaking the word of God over my situation. I'm speaking the word of God over my family. I'm speaking the word of God over my church. Oh, hallelujah. I'm walking in the flesh, but I'm not a part of the flesh. Brother Brand, I'm going to say now if you go out here and say, "Mountain move, I want to show you I can do it." He says, "It won't do it." But if it's in the line of duty when God has commanded you to do something like he said to Moses, why cry to me? Speak to the children. People today is crying all the time, Lord, what next? Lord, what next? Just speak and go forward. That's right. God has commissioned us to do something. Let's do it. Don't stand around and think about it. How can it happen? Well, this is that don't make any difference. If God said it, he can do it anyhow. He is still the God of miracles. I believe that the God of miracles is still walking amongst us in this generation. Oh, brother Brandham would talk about Joshua and we say that God told Joshua to go and slay all of the enemy and there want to be one enemy stand before him. Brother Brandham says as the sun started to go down it was the evening time but then Joshua would stop and would say son stand still. Brother Brandham says he didn't have to pray about it ask about it but he was tied to an absolute with the commission. So while he was tied to an absolute, he would speak the word over his situation and his situation would be brought into subjection by the kingdom that he was established in. Hallelujah. You don't got to come to the pastor and say, "Is it possible for me to receive my healing?" God promised that you can receive him. You don't got to come and ask, "Can God heal my children? Can God save my children? Can I live in revival?" If God said him, he's still a God of miracles. All you got to do is pick up the word of God and speak the word and go forward. We're tied to an absolute. We're not tied to a a pastor's word or an evangelist's word. We're tied to heavens and earth will pass away. But my word will never fail. &gt;&gt; He's still the God of miracles. I love that quote. He's still the God of miracles. It don't make any difference. If God said it, he'll do it anyhow. Just speak the word. Brother Brandon, I'm going to say use our armor. We've got armor. God works with us and gives us gives us the armor. The whole armor is supernatural. See, love, joy, peace, longsuffering, godliness, meekness, gentleness, patience is all in the supernatural. And if you let your faith loose to God's spirit, it brings your body into subjection to God's redemptive blessings to you. Oh, I said, let's let our faith loose this evening. Whatever you have need of, let your faith loose and let God bring your body into subjection to every blessing that he promised that you can have. I believe this message is full of your promises. Oh, I will restore unto you, saith the Lord. It's a heritage that we've been given. And the word heritage is it means inheritance. And brother Brandham would would would type Joel's prophecy if I will restore, sayeth the Lord, to the heritage of the Lord. In other words, everything that was lost in the fall, lost through the church ages, is your heritage. And if you're born into the family, whatever the heritage is, is given to you by birth. And we've been placed into the kingdom of God by the birth of the Holy Ghost. And this heritage is restored back to you. Oh, that's why the angel would tell John, go to the angel that has the book open, book in hand, and say, "Give me the book." It was John's heritage. Oh, come on now. And John is your type. That's why we're getting into this book and saying, "Give me give me my mountain. Give me my my revival." Whatever it is, it's our inheritage. Hallelujah. And as we take the word for our life, brother Brandham would would would tell us that the word of God is like a conductor. He would say, "Which it channels the electricity." And I love it because he would say, "See, here's the thing that delivers the word." The word goes right out and the Holy Spirit follows the word wherever the word is preached. And I love this part of it. He says, "You see, your pastor preaches it." And the first thing you know, he goes, "Whoop!" Brother Brandham makes a blowing sound. Across the building goes the Holy Ghost. You see, that's right. It's the conductor of the word. And he says the word is the conductor of the spirit because where the word is preached the spirit follows it. And wherever it goes, why the spirit follows the word and I love it how he mentions the pastor cuz many times we think that the spirit of God can only come whenever it's a meeting or an evangelist. But he says when your preacher or your pastor preaches the word, he goes, "Here comes the Holy Ghost." Oh, and I believe it can happen in a church, in a home, in a marriage. You want a revival, put the word as the head of your home. You want to see revival for your children, play the tapes and watch the revival, the the the spirit of the almighty God come into a home, come into a marriage, come into a family and watch it bring a revival greater than ever before. That's what I want. Don't you? I want not I I don't want to be just among the bride revival. Let me be a part of it. I don't want to just quote the bride's revival. I want to be the bride's revival. Oh, hallelujah. It's a kingdom. Hallelujah. Brother Brand, I'm going to say this here. We are kings, spiritual kings. Oh, we are going to be kings upon the earth with him when he sits upon his throne. But right now, we are spiritual kings. And we reign over a spiritual kingdom. Right now we reign with Christ having dominion over sin, the world, the flesh, and the devil. Showing forth his praise and glory, showing forth himself. For it is Christ in us. Oh, hallelujah. What is this dominion? I love it. It's over sin, the world, the flesh. Oh my god. Sometimes the flesh gets the best of us, don't it? Sometimes we make mistakes, but this dominion is over the flesh. It's over the devil. Brother Brand, I'm going to tell us who's your greatest enemy. Yourself, right? Not the devil, not your brother, not not the preacher, not your wife, but you are your greatest enemy. And it's incredible because whenever you get dominion over your flesh, then the devil starts to scatter. You remember whenever uh the Philistines were were boasting over the children of Israel because they had Goliath. Brother Brandon would tell us that the devil always comes and boasts when he thinks he has the upper hand. Right? But what would happen whenever Goliath would be brought into subjection? Then the Philistines would begin to run. Then the Israelites started to chase them. How come their greatest weapon was brought into subjection? Oh, when you bring your body into subjection, which is the devil's greatest weapon, then watch there be a revival. Watch every devil have to scatter out of a home, scatter out of your marriage, scatter out of your house. You're bringing your your your greatest enemy into subjection. Hallelujah. And I believe that we can bring our body into subjection. And what's incredible when you look at the story of Joshua, the Bible tells us that the sun stood still until the people avenged themselves upon the enemy. &gt;&gt; So as long as they were still fighting, the supernatural was there. As long as they were still needing victory, the supernatural was there. What is it? He's still the God of miracles. As long as you're still fighting in this warfare, the God of miracles is here. Oh, come on now. As long as you're still in your flesh, fighting mind battles, fighting discouragement, fighting the things of the world, the supernatural God is still here. And what's incredible, you can look at Joshua 10 and 19. And the Bible tells us that that there were some kings that that that that Joshua had put into a cave. And he would say this here to his men, "Stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the highmost of them, suffer them not to enter into their cities, for the Lord your God have delivered them into your hands." I love that because the promise was given to Joshua. But now Joshua is just echoing the promise that was given to him. So even though Joshua had five kings into the in the cave and he he may have been victorious, that wasn't good enough for his men. Oh, hallelujah. Our prophets went off the scene and he's entered into his reward. But we've got some enemies we got to fight. Come on now. Brother Brandham had to fight his own enemies. He had to be victorious over his own flesh. But the supernatural is still here among us. The Lord your God have delivered them into your hand. You might have never seen the angel of the Lord like brother Brandham has. But we're under the same promise that the supernatural is going to be with us until the enemy is destroyed. Hallelujah. You believe that this evening that the promises of God ain't an imagination but is something we possess. Brother Brandon would say notice it is something that you possess. Not an imagination. If you really have it, it's just as real to you as any other thing could be. It's just as real as you know like you're riding an automobile. It's just as real to you know you're sitting in church. It's just as real to you hear my as you hear my voice. It's a substance, not an imagination, not an emotion, but it's something that you have. And it comes by hearing the word of God. And faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. I love that because he's he's telling us the promises of God is not an imagination, but they are substance. It's something tangible. It's something you can experience. And he would tell us later on in that quote, he says, "You can see somebody else get a word from the Lord and act out the promise of God in their life." And then somebody else says, "I can do that, too." Brother Brandham says, "That's just an imagination." He says, "That's potentially faith, but that's just an imagination." He says, "Then you find them wrecked up somewhere." So, we're not just following the word because our parents say it. That's just an imagination. But we're following this message because it's my substance. Oh, hallelujah. We're not making a rapture because the our pastor is making a rapture. That's just an imagination. But we're making the rapture because it's substance to me. It's substance to you. It's not just for the evangelist. But it's your substance. It's your faith that is overcoming the world. It's your revelation that is causing you to keep marching on. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's more than imagination, but it's a reality. But you remember the the man that come to Jesus that would have the lunatic son and and he would say, "Your disciples couldn't cast out a spirit, you know, and what would Jesus say? It was because of their unbelief." And brother Brandham says, "Now remember, they have the word. The word was flesh them and the word told them, I give you power." Amen. I give you power. And they had the power, but they didn't have faith to operate the word that was in them. Ain't that powerful? They had the power, but they only had an imagination of it. Oh, hallelujah. I said, Lord, don't let me come to church and have the power among us, but only have an imagination, but let me have substance. What would Jesus say? Jesus would look at that boy and would cast that spirit out. There was no there was no second-guing it. There was no I hope this works. But there was a substance. There was a confidence knowing if I speak the word over this situation, that spirit has to leave. Oh, and I believe that's not just for for Jesus Christ, but that is for you this evening as well. You see, who's going to win victories for you? I hope this is okay this evening. Who's going to overcome the devil for you? Your pastor can do it. Your wife can do it. your husband can't do it. You've got to give victory for yourself. Come on now. What are you going to do whenever it's midnight and your child gets sick? You got to pray the prayer of faith over that child and watch God come on the scene. What's going to happen? You know, I was telling Uncle Kashan earlier that that uh last year sometime that Ethan was scared by by one of the the the one of the young girls at our church would put a mask on. It would jump out and would scare him. He was terrified. And then ever since that that time, everything startled him. He he was scared of everything. Scared of the dark, scared when he would go to bed. And and one night and we always prayed with him and that that that would calm him down and things like that. But we forgot to pray with him one night. And we was out on the road and and I was sleeping there in there in bed and and I was awake. I guess I I think I was or then I seen a form come out of the out of the darkness, come up to Ethan. would grab him and would start to shake him. And you may say, "Well, that's just your imagination." But then Ethan woke up screaming, this blood curdling scream. And and and just to be honest, I got scared myself. You know, I I know of the supernatural warfare, but that was my first time seeing something real like that, but I couldn't get up and call dad and say, "Hey, Dad, come pray with me." I was across the country. I had to get victory. Oh, come on now. So I would get up and as I would pray with Ethan, that would go away and he would go right back to sleep. What was it? I had to find victory myself. Come on. I couldn't rely on somebody else. I couldn't rely on the preacher, my pastor, my dad, my uncles, my grandpa. I had to rely on the confidence God gave me. Not my imagination, but my substance that God has given me. Hallelujah. We need some parents that has victory for themselves. some mamas and daddies that can get in the trenches whenever whenever your children are fighting spirits. You get in the trenches with them and know what it's like to have victory. Not in an imagination because if you just have an imagination, your children can never get victory. But once you get victory for yourself, hallelujah. You remember the the story brother Brandham Mattel of the vision of the black mamba and it's incredible because he he would wake up and there was a demon there in the corner and what was that demon doing? Brother Brandham says it was accusing him saying he has no you have no power over me. He says you have no power with God. You're just a bluff. You have no power. And what's incredible is brother Brandon would tell us in perfect faith. He says there he says in order to have perfect faith you have to know who you are and have no condemnation against you. And that wasn't just for us. That was for brother Brandham as well. Because here's the prophet of God that has stood in discernment line after discernment life. Uh prayer line after prayer line. And yet the devil was still accusing him, trying to get his heart to condemn him because he knew if his heart would condemn him, he had no power over him. Oh, that's why the devil tries to get us to trip up and make mistakes because if your heart condemn you, how can you believe? But what would brother Brandham say? He says, I said, Satan, you're an offense to me. And I thought, glory to God, we need some more people like that. Too many times we get offended of this one, offended up that one, offended up this one, and we forget to get offended at the devil. But the Brandon woke up and didn't look at his wife and say, "Honey, you offend me." But he looked straight up at the enemy and said, "You are an offense to me." What would he say? Get out of my way in the name of Jesus Christ. And he left. Oh, hallelujah. I say it's time that we get offended at the enemy. Get offended at bitterness. Get offended at your complexes. Get offended at your insecurities and say, "Satan, you're an offense to me." What would Jesus do when he didn't look at he didn't look at Peter and would say, "You're an offense to me." But he says, "Satan, get behind me. For you are an offense to me." Oh, we need some people that knows how to fight. Not fighting one another, but we're fighting the spiritual enemy that comes against us. We know who we're fighting. Hallelujah. He's He's a conquered enemy already. Hallelujah. Then what would happen after that? He would say this here. And I laid there a little bit in the bed and started to raise up. I felt a re a real sweet feeling come over me. I thought I wonder if the Holy Spirit now Holy Spirit is now as close. And over in the corner, he says, "So help me. Here is my Bible over my heart." The sweetest voice I ever heard in my life said, "Don't fear to go anywhere. Don't fear to do anything. For the neverfailing presence of Jesus Christ is with you wherever you goeth." Oh, what a comfort to know that whenever he was standing in prayer lines, the never failing present presence of Jesus Christ was walking with him. And that's a comfort that we all have. Oh, don't be afraid to do anything for the word of God. For the ever the neverfelling presence of Jesus Christ is walking with you. You see, little did the devil know that not only Peter had the keys of the kingdom, but but brother Brandham had the keys of the kingdom. And I believe we have the keys of the kingdom. And and these keys ain't just a natural key that you put on your side that opens up a natural door, but it unlocks another dimension. Right? What what did Jesus say to to Peter? Matthew 16 and 18. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. Whatsoever you shall bind on the earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatsoever you shall loose upon the earth shall be loosed in heaven. So it's a key to the supernatural. And what enemy are we facing is not a natural enemy but a supernatural enemy. Hallelujah. So once we get the keys of the kingdom, we unlock the supernatural for our lives. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon, I'm going say now faith is the substance of things hoped for. the evidence of things you do not see, taste, feel, smell, or hear. But by faith, when he catches the word, it sends him into another dimension that makes it so real to him. &gt;&gt; Oh. So, what is the what is the word of God? It's a power that unlocks the other dimension that you can step into heavenly places. And every enemy that comes against is defeated. Every mind battle that comes against is defeated. Hallelujah. Every little thing that comes between a spouse is defeated. Every little spirit that comes against teenagers, there's a key that has unlocked the supernatural. Hallelujah. I don't believe this king is just for New Life Outreach or just for TWWT or or just for whatever church you want to put in, but it's for Faith Tabernacle. Wherever you are, there's a key that I can unlock the supernatural. Brother Brandham must say and any church that's anointed with the same Holy Spirit is the Messiah at a a little smaller God. And someday when this body is resurrected, he says, I hope beforehand that God can get a hold of a bunch of people that'll manifest his power in every dimension that it's supposed to be in. Not just in this dimension, but in every dimension. Brother Brandham tell us there's many different dimensions but once there's a Messiah walking upon the earth a miniature Messiah there's authority in every dimension the authority is for over the dimension of Facebook social media television over the over the the dimension where demons live over the dimension whatever it may be there's an authority over every dimensional oh hallelujah see too many time we want to fight emission dimension, but you fail to look. There's another dimension that is coming against him, coming against your mind, coming against your spirit and man, but yet there's authority over every dimension. Hallelujah. There's authority over every dimension where we don't have to live an underprivileged life. Hallelujah. We don't have to live without joy, without peace, without our love, without grace one for another. We don't have to live under privileged life. Brother Brand, I'm going to say there's no need for us to live in underprivileged people. There's no need for us to live in a defeated state because he defeated the devil and took all principalities, all powers, and subdued them under his feet and they have no legal rights over you. He says, "We are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost. We don't have to have the devil dictate us. Christ delivered us a total deliverance." That's our heritage. That's the inheritance that has been given to us by the keys of the kingdom is we can battle and defeat every dimension that comes against us. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I don't believe that that we have to have to live here without peace and love one for another, but I believe that there's a key that has unlocked it for us. Brother Brandon would tell us this was the confidence that brother Brandon would have in the word of God. He would say if God told me to go to the presidential graveyard, right, and say raise George Washington from the dead, he says I would get the whole world, all the critics, everybody that that they had something negative to say and get them a chair and say, "Wait a little while. George Washington's going to come out of that graveyard." That's the kind of faith that we have. Hallelujah. That's the kind of faith that brother Brandon would tell us. That's conquering faith. He says, "We're not just imagining it, but we're believing it." And that's the difference between faith and imagination. Stack up the critics. Stack up all the believer sign people and say you just watch. There's going to be a bride that's going to make a rapture. There is a bride right now without spot and without wrinkle. They're walking in the flesh, but they're but they're not they're not they're being delivered from the power of that flesh. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham would say this here and he knew it would happen. Talking about Jesus. He could predict that it would happen because he knew it would hap would happen. And whatever he predicted come to pass. Now watch. Whatever he said, God honored what he said. Think of that. Whatever Jesus said, God brought the past. So he knew his words were God's words. He says, "Now look, the same scripture comes right back to us again." If you say to this mountain, he says, "Oh my, just let that soak just a little bit." And it's incredible because Jesus would would would pick up the the the scripture there in Isaiah, I believe, the spirit of the Lord is upon me. And what's incredible is Jesus would know who he was. And brother Brandon would tell us, he would tell us that he knew who he was by a prophet by a prophetic word. And I thought if if Jesus could find himself in scripture from a man with fallen human with with with mistakes and failures, what about us in this generation? We had a prophet that would speak over our lives and say, "There's going to be a bride marching in step." And who is that bride? I'm thy bride. That's conquering faith. Oh my. He says God honored what he said because he knew who he was. &gt;&gt; He knew who he was. We know who we are. We're not some castaway, but we're the bride of Jesus Christ. Come on now. You're not some serpent seed, but you're the bride of Jesus Christ. You're not some wannabe. You see, the devil likes to throw complexes on us and insecurities and say we're a nobody that nobody likes us. Nobody loves us. But God loved you so much that he would give you an open book. And I'm going say you are the revelation of this word in flesh. You are the spotless bride walking in the day of Leoa. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my. Brother Brandon would say this here. Now, they didn't have a Bible that we got to help us along in in our crippled condition. They were rugged men was revealed to them by God and they stood right there. Nothing moved them. He says, "Now, do you think that we can still have that rugged faith?" He says, "If it's revealed to you, hallelujah." I believe there's some rugged Christians with some rugged faith. Oh my. You know, John would would tell us that that we have victor. Faith is our victory. And brother Brandon, and I won't hold you much longer, but brother Brandon would tell us, you may say that that John didn't didn't say that I have victory over the things I'm going through. He says he may have didn't say your troubles, but he says your faith is your victory. He says, you're right. He didn't he he didn't go through those things, but he also didn't exclude them. Oh, hallelujah. Because if he would say if John would say faith is the victory over your headache, what about cancer? You know, faith is the victory over cancer, but what about sugar diabetes? Faith is the victory. A victory over sugar diabetes, but what about anxiety? Brother Brandham was telling us the John Maloo all together. Faith is the victory. So you can put in that space whatever you're going through, faith the victory. Whatever the mind battles, faith is the victory. Whatever the sickness, faith is the victory. Oh, hallelujah. We've got a key. Let us unlock the supernatural. Hallelujah. Oh my. We know what we are, what we're doing here. A and and as I as I close on this scripture, I I just love this scripture. You can look at 2 Chronicles 14:11. And Asia cried unto the Lord his God, and said, Lord, it is nothing it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many or with them that have no power. Help us, oh Lord our God, for we rest on thee. And I thought that's the way to start a prayer. You know, it is nothing for thee to help us with them that have power or them that don't have power. We're resting upon thee. And then the next verse, 2 Chronicles 14:12. So the Lord smoked the Ethiopians before Asia. I thought, oh my, that ought to make God proud. He wasn't coming and saying, oh, this is going on, that is going on. What are we going to do? But he came and he says, Lord, it is nothing for you to deliver us. So, we're resting in that. Then God delivered him from the hand of the Ethiopians. And I said, let's let's open our prayers that way. Lord, it is nothing for thee to heal my body. It is nothing for thee to save my children. It is nothing for thee to give us a revival greater than ever before. It is nothing for thee to to heal a marriage. It's nothing for thee to save a rebellious teenager. It's nothing for thee to to get my body in a rapture. And we're resting in it. Hallelujah. We're resting in it. You remember the bron go beyond the curtain of time and was say I only preached what Paul preached and they all said together we're resting in it. That's what we're resting upon is the solid word of Jehovah. The rock of revelation. Heavens and earth may pass away but this revelation has produced us a rugged faith. And faith is my victory. It's rugged in the in the midst of circumstances. It's still standing like a stone wall. Hallelujah. Like Stonewall Jackson. He's standing like a stonewall. And I believe this pride is standing like a stonewall this evening. Let our musicians come this evening. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's a confidence. I believe there's a confidence inside of the bride of Christ. And it's incredible because you can look at the Apostle Paul. The Apostle Paul would say that he was on upon a ship and the Lord already told him that he was to stand before King Agria, I believe, or or before one of the kings or or something. And here he would be upon that ship and there would be a storm that would toss that ship back and forth. But he was already given a word that he was to stand and as he would go and pray, what would the Lord tell him? I believe an angel would come to him and would say, "If you stay with this ship, everybody, if whoever stays with this ship, they're not going to lose their life." &gt;&gt; And oh, it may get rocky, but stay with the ship. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it's incredible because the Bible would tell us there in Acts 27 and 42, "And the soldiers council was to kill the prisoners lest any of them should swim away and escape. But the centurion willing to save Paul kept them from their purpose. And I thought, oh my, the Lord has given us a word over our lives. And sometimes the enemy comes in like a flood, but the spirit of the Lord raises up a standard. He say, he he raises up a pastor or an evangelist that when the enemy comes with the purpose to destroy your life, there's someone that is willing to save you. Oh, hallelujah. There was a centarian that was willing to risk his life for Paul. And there's a pastor of an there's a five-fold ministry that is willing to get into the trenches with you. Whenever your faith might be beaten down, maybe your body might be beaten down. Maybe your your mind is having mind battle after mind battle. There are still men of God that is willing to save you and get up when they're fighting mind battles. still preach the message because there's a purpose over your life. Oh, hallelujah. And they're preaching a faith message that is producing faith muscles. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon must say faith believes that the word of God can never change. Faith believes that faith only rests in the word of God. So as the as the men of God preach the word, it's saving you from the purpose of the enemy. Hallelujah. and not one of them was destroyed. Every man was saved. And I don't believe it's going to be one of us that is left behind. It was it was Moses that was say, "We're not leaving a hook behind." He wasn't a compromiser. And neither is this five-fold ministry. They're not compromisers. These mamas and daddies ain't compromisers. These teenagers ain't compromising. We're not leaving a hoof behind. Hallelujah. God already said that the nation was going to come out with great substance. So Moses knew, we're coming out with great substance. We're not leaving one child behind. We're not leaving one hoof behind. And little church, we're coming out with great substance. You're not going to go without your joy. You're not going to go without your peace. But whatever the word has promised us, we're going out with it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. uh those who've been to Pawne, we have a a lady or church called Sister Carol and she calls herself the Odin sheep and and Uncle Sean was was there in the earlier days and how that that the the church there in Pawne before they came into the message, you know, it was expanding and growing and good musicians and and singers and but when dad and uncle Sean would come into the message and start preaching holiness and everybody would leave, you know, and there's only one person that is left of the original church and that is sister Carol and she had told dad one day you know that you know whenever I step on the other side I'm going to be bruised and I'm I'm beaten down I'm going to be scarred and I'm just going to walk across the walk across into heaven and just follow you know and she was discouraged a little bit and dad would say Carol I don't think that's the way it's going to be because once we step into the rapture you're going to be in a new body you're not going to have your aches and your pains, all of the discouragements that you're facing right now is going to be all left behind. He's going to wipe away all of our tears. He's going to lift up the he the heads that are that is hanging low. Oh, little church, there's a promise that we've been given. You might feel low right now. You might feel weak right now, but keep on striving for he that has begun the work is going to be faithful to complete it. Oh, I say though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, we fear no evil. For thou grace is walking with us. Oh my, little did Job know that God had confidence in him. And God don't put more on us than we can bear. But God's got confidence in you, little bride. God's got confidence in you, brother Amos. God's got confidence in you, brother Tim. Sister Martha, God's got confidence in you, Mindy. God's got confidence in you, Sister Jane. God's got confidence in you. He'll never put more on you than you can bear. He probably never promised that the cross wouldn't be heavy, but he promised he would be with you. He didn't promise that you wouldn't fight discouragement, but he promised he would be with you. David would say, "If the Lord, if it wasn't for the Lord on my side, where would I be?" Many of us can say that this evening. If it wasn't for the Lord upon our side, where would we be? We'd be in a nursing home or in a tomb somewhere in a grave or or in a prison, but it was because grace was upon our side. He had trust in us. Amen. What are you playing for? I am a child of God. Can we stand and sing this tonight? I'm no longer a slave. Can you just lift your hands and worship him tonight? I am a child of God. I'm no longer [Music] longer a slave, [Music] a child. Can we go up the king? [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child. Can we sing the first verse of God? You unravel me with a meloy. [Music] You surround me with a song. Oh, of deliverance from my enemies, till all my fears are gone. Oh, I'm no longer a slave. Hallelujah. Oh, to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. A second verse of God. [Music] From my mother's womb, you have chosen me [Music] has called my name. [Music] I've been born again into a family. Your blood flows through my veins. Can you sing it with all your heart now? I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. You split the sea of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned. Hallelujah. Perfect love casts out all fear. You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child. Can we sing that again? You split the sea of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned and perfect for love. [Music] You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God. I'm no longer Uncle Sean, a slave to fear. Hallelujah. Yeah. a child of God. Is that your confession? No longer a slave to fear. [Music] A child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Aren't you glad you can say that? Oh, I am a child. Sing that first verse off the song of deliverance from my eneies. till all my fear is gone and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Can you lift your hands unto the Lord and worship him? Hallelujah. Faith is the victory. We have victory in our Lord Jesus Christ. We don't have to worry about it. Don't have to fret. Don't have to fear. We are loved of our father. Hallelujah. He's gone before us. Amen. Driving the enemy away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love the Lord. Did you enjoy it this evening? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Brother Brandham said, "So all of our intellectual means nothing if there isn't a hidden power of the Holy Spirit there." Hallelujah. To break the hold of the devil. But we are wrestling match. We're not wrestling with fine dressed intellectual psychology, but we're wrestling with the power and the promise of God, which can break any hold on the devil at any time. Jesus, our Lord, proved it when he was Emanuel, God himself made flesh among us. And when he met Satan to show that Satan could be defeated by the word, every time Satan would come to him, he said, "It is written." Everybody say, "It is written." Can you say, "Amen." Amen. Another quote, he said, "God said, this is a man-sized job." So, he just brought it all down and come down himself. They won't have to do nothing about it. Just let them surrender to me and I will walk in them, talk in them, speak in them, work in them thoroughly. Amen. He said, "Oh my, that's it. I will do the work. Just let them humble themselves. Just let them empty up and I will defeat my enemy out there through them. Aren't you glad for that? God defeating his enemy through you. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; So when we the enemy's coming, we don't have to worry and fret. God has promised he's going to take us and defeat that enemy. Amen. Amen. Amen. I think it's how what did brother Brandham talk about Richmond and and Grant? How did Grant take Richmond or something like that or uh he said as he came to it. And I thought that's exactly right. How we defeating our enemy as we come to it. Amen. As we come to it. You say, "Oh man, these enemies I just don't know. I just trial." But see, you're just pressing on. You're just moving. It shows you're gaining ground. And so, as you as the enemy keeps coming, just defeat him as you as you come to it and just keep pressing on. Can you say amen? You love the Lord. His love to us shouldn't fluctuate. We should be so settled in on that love. Amen. for love come by faith. Amen. We certainly enjoyed the the word of the Lord. Amen. And uh love it when uh the minister studies the message and you can hear it because he's preaching it. Preaching what a prophet told us. And you know, as Josh said, there's this message is just a a boatload, if you want to say it, of promises to us. Amen. And I'm so glad for that. Amen. And uh I'm just looking forward to great things. I'm looking forward to Sister Hope coming in soon. Amen. And I believe it could be Sunday. coming in and just giving praise to God for healing in her back. I'm believing for Sister Martha to come with that testimony that there's no tumor there. Amen. I'm believing that. Amen. And and you know uh mom several of you have asked about mom. Mom uh had a consultation and a phone call yesterday and um uh doctor has given her a a good report said that the the thing her when when they first looked at the ovaries look just really bad and um the tumor or whatever looked you know was enlarged and all that. She said, "Your ovaries are good." Um u just just great. And um said the she said whatever that is. She said, "You can call it a tumor if you want." She said, "I don't know what it is, but she says it's just very little. It's just a little old thing." And she says, "It's not cancer." She goes, "I I can't 100% tell you it's not cancer, but if you put a gun to my head, I'll tell you it's not cancer." And so, uh, she said, "Don't worry about it." And she said, "Well, I think," and she did tell mom, she said, "Now, I I think you need to get it have operation. They want her to have a hysterctomy." And mom said, "No, I'm not doing that." She said, "Well, then don't worry about it then." And u said, "Come back in 3 months. We'll look at it and um if it's if it's not, then just start doing a yearly thing." But she said, "You're fine." So we just thank God for the report of of that. And um believing God just to u keep her and and u you know even sister uh Janice saying you know the doctor gave her a good report the other day and and uh on her colon and and uh the things that she was uh had been dealing with. And so we really thank the Lord for that. I just believe there's victory in the camp. Amen. I I just believe that. And and um the devil says boo, but we say boo back. Amen. So, God bless you is our prayer. We want to keep brother Josh in our prayers. Amen. as he would be traveling and ministering the gospel to the bride of Christ. And um that God will use him in a great way. Amen. And um we're we're fixing to go to the beyond the threshold into eternity and we all want to do everything we can. Amen. Amen. So God bless you. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Amen. And um uh Father, Lord, as we come to the close of this service, we believe we've heard from you tonight reminding us of the victory that we
