################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Brother Daniel Martin Desperation - Daniel Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Brother Daniel Martin "Desperation"
Speaker: Daniel Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7E9GDTkMPL0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey. [Music] And all I will see how great how great is our God, the splender of the king. He's clothed in [Music] majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Oh, in darkness tries to hide, but trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, now age to age he stands. Oh, and time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. The Godhead three in one. Oh yes, father spirit son. He's the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. Can we stand now? Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all names. Oh, he is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh yes. Name above all names. Lord, you're worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great. Do you believe he's great this morning? Oh, how great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. Sing it again. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great. Oh, how great is our God. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. I believe him to be great this morning. Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege Lord to come to your house once again, Father. Lord, to give you the glory, honor, and the praise, Lord, this morning. And Lord, we just want to thank you, Lord, for for all the many things that you've done for us, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for bringing us through another week, Father. Lord, and Lord, and still having a heart to serve you, Father. Lord, I pray that you would come down this morning, Lord. I pray that you would just touch every heart this morning. Touch every person, Father. Lord, Lord, I pray that no one is left here, Father, without a touch from you this morning, Lord, is our prayer. Lord, I pray for the sick, Lord. That you would come and heal them, Father. Lord, those that are gone and can't make it. I pray that you would just uh be with him, Lord. Give them safe travels, Father. Lord, just help us to give you the glory, honor, and all the praise. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Can we just sing that song? God is good all the [Music] time. [Music] Try God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. all the time and through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Now, if you're walking through the valleyies and there are shadows all around, oh, do not fear for he will guide you. Oh, he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. Oh, and his word is true. God is good. Oh, all the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. And God is good. Oh, all the time and through the darkest night. Oh, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. I like this verse. Now we were sinners and so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. Oh, he's filled us with his holy spirit. Oh, now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting. Oh, and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time and through the darkest night. Oh, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Can we sing that second verse again? Now we were sinners and so unworthy still for us he chose to die. Oh, he's filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting. Oh, and his mercies they will never end. God is good. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand and say, "God is good." Oh, he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good. Oh, all the time. Oh yes, God is good. Oh, all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his lights will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. Oh, God is good. He's so good all the time. Amen. Has he been good to you? Amen. Can we sing that? Love lifted me. We can try the same key maybe. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. [Music] And nothing else could help. Love lifted me. God's love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore. Very deeply stained with him. Oh, sinking to rise no more. Oh, but the master of the sea heard my despairing cry. And from the waters lifted me, now shake am high. Oh yes, love lifted me. Oh, God's love lifted me when nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me. Love lifted me. God's love lifted me. And nothing else could help. Oh love lifted me. All my heart I give to him. Ever to him I cling. Oh in his blessed presence live. ever his praises sing. Oh, love so mighty and so true merits my songs best song. Oh faithful loving service to to him belongs. Oh yes, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. God's love lifted me. Oh, life lifted me. God's love lifted me. Oh, when nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me. I like this right here. I was sinking deep in sand. Oh, far from the peaceful shore. Oh, very deeply stained within. Oh, sinking to rocks no more. Oh, but the master of the sea heard my despairing cry. From the waters lifted me now safe am I. Oh yes. Love lifted me. God's love lifted me. Oh, when nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me as they come for the offering. Love lifted me. God's love lifted me. For when nothing else could help, love lifted me. Amen, brother Joe. Amen. Are you thankful for God's love? Amen. The more I seek [Music] you, the more I find [Music] you. The more I find you, the more I love you. Sing it again. Oh, the more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. The more I find you, oh, the more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, hear your word in my ear, feel your heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm me. The more I seek you. Yes, Lord. The more I find you. [Music] Oh, the more I find you, the more I love [Music] you. Oh, the more I seek you, the more I find you. [Music] Oh, the more I find you, the more I love you. Oh, I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lord, hear your word in my ear. Just fill your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. Lord, I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Just feel your heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your feast. [Music] Well, as they would just play softly now. I don't have any new requests this morning, but we want to uh remember um the different ones that um are are not feeling well. My daughter's been sick for for a little while now. Zoe, she's just oh, feel so bad for her. She'd wake up in the morning, her eyes are crusted over, can't see anything. Um, so she she's just I'm not sure what it is, but if y'all just wouldn't mind keeping her in prayers. Amen. And uh Sister Jane texted this morning and she said that uh she's still having pain um from the from this this kidney stone. Um she is to to see a a doctor on u Thursday the 29th if if uh the stone isn't passed by then. And so let's just keep her in our prayers. She's uh said she's just been calling on the Lord that the Lord would just come and touch her. So, let's just join her that the Lord would just come down and take this pain away, take the stone away. Amen. That the Lord would just just do something for her. Amen. How many has an unspoken request? Lift your hands this morning. Amen. Maybe we could uh ask u brother Mark if he would come and lead us this morning. Amen. Uh we want to remember our pastor. He's ministering for brother Doug Svert. uh brother Mike's son there uh in Ohio this morning. So let's just keep them in our prayers and uh all those that are are gone and traveling, brother Tim and different ones that the Lord would just keep them safe. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just so honored to be in your house this morning, Father, to worship you, Lord. And Lord, just to hear the words of life, Lord, that we expect in a great uh time in you, Lord, just to hear your word a little bit later on, Lord. We just pray, Lord, that Lord, that you be in the song service, Lord, that you just get all the praise and honor, Lord, that you do, Lord. We know we're unccapable, Lord, of of giving you the praise like we should, Lord. Just help us, Lord, to express our feeling to you, Father. Lord, we just pray for each and every request, Lord, for little Zoe, Lord, that's been sick, Lord. Lord, you know what's causing this problem, Father. Lord, we know that you're more than able, Lord, to touch her, Father. Lord, all the unspoken request, Lord, you know what the need of each one, Lord. Sister Jane, Lord, suffering. So, in her body, Lord, we just pray that you would just comfort her this morning, Lord. Give her relief in her body. We pray father Lord and Lord for any others that I may have slipped my mind. Lord we just pray Lord that you'd be merciful to each and one Lord. Help us dear God to pull on the gift Lord. Help us Lord just to worship and praise you father. Lord we thank you and praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Find you the more I love you. Can we sing it again now? All the more I seek you, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you, the more I love you. Oh, I want you sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Lord, feel your [Music] heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. Sister Hope, do you have a song for us? Amen. You can be seated. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your [Music] heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm [Music] me. Amen. And is that your desire this morning? Amen. Your heavenly father, he knows he can trust you to overcome because you're one of his own. Just like Joe, you're one of his chosen. Count it all joy. Ye shall [Music] overcome. Count it all joy. When you go through the fire, count it all joy. When you're put to the test, the more loyal you are, the greater the test is. God gives you grace, child, so count it all joy. God's amazing grace, he gives it to you to help you through all your troubled times. Should the death angel pass and take your love, just count it all joy. His grace will see you through. Count it all joy when you go through the fire. Count it all joy when you're put to a test. test. The more loyal you are, the greater the test is. God gives you grace, child, so count it all joy. The more loyal you are, the greater your test is. God gives you grace, child. So cow it all [Music] join. Amen. You just count it all joy. Man, everything has gone wrong. I got my back to the wall. Oh, Satan's coming on [Music] strong. He really wants me to fall. He sends troubles my way. Oh, even sickness is part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands. hand and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, for he comes down and inhabits my praise. Got a d my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Now when I'm faced with a trial, there's only two ways I can go. You see, I can face it with a smile or let it bring me down [Laughter] low. Satan whispers, "You're through." Oh, but I hear Jesus. Just tell me to stand. What am I going to do? I'll tell you. I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallable word. When God sees my hands raised, he comes down and inhabits my praise. God dam my clan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my singing again. Sister Kim Weekes, you have a song for us. throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, oh, he comes down and inhabits my praise. Got a don my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Amen. Did you come to praise the Lord this morning? [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what I do. I just throw up my hands. I can't fix my knees. Only God can. And um looks like maybe he's going to use medicine, but I just praise him anyway. Um uh have to use a walker. I just praise him anyway. Uh whatever I have to go through is nothing compared to what he went through for me. Uh so I just I just want to praise him. Uh and uh I I did want to share with y'all uh I I I work for I take care of a patient. She's 96 and uh bedridden now. But her family is precious to me. Um they have just the best atmosphere around them. They love God with all their hearts and um they wear dresses and and all that kind of good stuff. But um the last two Thursdays they've wanted me to go to their meeting and I think they're called friends. I think that's what they're they're called. And anyway, so I went and uh probably as close to uh Amish maybe. Uh no music. The I did not know the songs. none of them. They were that old. Uh and I and I I had no idea the words or anything, but um their ministers almost remind me of a therapist when they speak. You know, they're very softspoken and very you have to just strain almost to hear them. Sometimes I'm not making fun. God bless them. They're good people. But to come into this service after that service is just God's so real and and I have such compassion for them because they don't feel what we feel. They love him definitely, but they can't feel what we feel because they don't invite him in. They have their own little program, you know. It's it's it's got to stay this way. And anyway, I just I'm just thankful that we have the freedom and the wor to worship him. It just thrills my heart. This is my testimony. For many years he walked in darkness as he groped along the streets with his hand stretched out for pies or for just a bite to eat. It's the story of the blind man who met Jesus on the way. And with the master's touch, the man looked up as the scoffers heard him say. [Music] Somebody touch me. Somebody touched me. Oh, I was blind but praise his name. I now can't see. I was in [Music] darkness when Jesus found me. Oh, but since he's touched me, I now am free. [Music] One day he touched a crippled man and he made him walk again. And the master saw with pleasure he had labored not in vain. Now like the story of that blind man. Oh, I once was bound by sin. But since the master came, oh praise his dear name. Thank God I now can [Music] say somebody touched me. Oh hallelujah. Somebody touched me. You see I was blind. Oh, but praise his good name. I now can [Applause] see. I was in darkness where Jesus found me. Oh, but since he touched me, I now am free. Oh, I was in darkness. Hallelujah. Where Jesus found me. But since he touched me, I now am [Music] free. Oh, somebody touched me. Oh, somebody touched touched me. Oh, I praise his name. I now can see. Oh, I was in darkness. Oh, but Jesus touched [Music] me since he touched me. I now am free. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Where would I be if he hadn't touched me? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet? Let's sing uh one more song. Can we sing? Pass me not, oh Gentle Savior. Amen. Is that your cry this morning? Say, "Pass me not, oh Savior." Oh, pass me not. Oh J Savior. Oh, here my humble cry. Oh yes, why our thou art calling. Oh, do not pass me by. I'm crying. [Applause] Saveior, my [Music] Savior. Lord, hear my humble cry. [Music] Oh, while on other [Music] stalling, oh, do not pass me by. Lord, let me at thy throne of mercy. Find a sweet relief. Oh, kneeling there in deep [Music] cont now I'm crying [Music] [Applause] [Music] Savior, oh Savior, Lord, hear my humble [Music] cry. Oh yes, why have others thou art calling. Do not pass me by one more time. Oh, I'm crying. Say if [Music] you're say if you're will hear my humble cry. [Applause] [Music] Oh yes, while others thou art [Music] calling. Oh, do not pass me by. Amen. Is that your cry this morning? is to say, Lord, just once more, just hear my humble cry. Amen. The musicians can be dismissed. Amen. It's it's just a real honor to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Can we just uh if we could turn to our Bibles there in Jeremiah the 29th chapter? Amen. It's a little chilly yesterday. It was kind of kind of felt nicer the past couple days. Um I I like cool weather. I don't like cold weather. I like cool weather. Amen. Jeremiah 29 verse 10. We'll also read in Luke 16 here in a minute. uh Jeremiah 29 verse 10 uh down through the to the 14th verse says for thus saith the Lord that after 70 years is accomplished at Babylon I will visit you and perform my good work toward you and causing you to return to this place. Amen. Causing you to return to this place for I know the thoughts. Amen. In this place, brother Brandham says, is back to Pentecost. Amen. 11th verse says, "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayaith the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and ye shall seek me and find me, and ye shall search for me with all your heart. And I will be found of you, saith the Lord. I will turn away your captivity. I will gather you from all the nation from and from all the places whether I have driven you sayaith the Lord and I will bring you again into the place whence I caused you to be carried away and captive. So the 13th verse again says and you shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me when you when when when you look for me search for me with all your heart. Amen. Can we go to Luke now to uh Luke 16? Amen. If you're there, say amen. Amen. Luke 16 verse 16 says, "The law and the prophets were until John. Since that time the kingdom of God is preached and every man presseth into it. Amen. Every man presses into it. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Not just simply walks into it." Amen. Easily, but it's got to be pressed into. When you seek me with all your heart, then I'll be found. Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for the reading of the word, Lord, this morning. And Father, I pray that you would just have your way, Lord, I pray that you would help me move myself out of the way, Lord. I pray that you would just come down and speak through me, Father. Lord, I I pray, Lord, that your uh word would just rest in the hearts of your people this morning, Lord. We love you. We thank you. And we ask it all in your lovely name, Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." And you can be seated. Amen. I just like to take a a few moments here and um if I could uh give a title this morning, I'd like to uh maybe title it desperation. Amen. Brother Brandon preaches the message uh desperation in 63. And uh that's where I've I got this the the message from there. And I I believe he only preached it or he at least titled it uh one time. uh desperation and he uses these two scriptures we just read and uh and I just want to take a few minutes and speak to you on this but brother Brandham says here in the message desperation usually it takes a state of emergency to throw us into desperation. It's too bad it has to do that but human beings are so slothful in their mind that it takes an emergency. something arises and when they do then it throws them into that desperation and really in doing that in desperation it brings out the real thing that you are. It shows what you're made of in that time of desperation. It usually pulls out all the good things that's in you. Amen. Now, now we, you know, we've seen it happen many of times and I know we all have. Uh but in the time of death, uh you know, we we we we've heard people when they know that they're dying and and the things that they've kept secret all their life, you know, in desperation, they're they're they're trying to confess it, you know, they they'll keep it a secret all their life, but when they're on the deathbed, then all their secrets come out and and uh and see in desperation, Amen. Brother Brandham says they ought to have done that beforehand and not wait till a time of emergency. But the emergency causes desperation and we ought to do it without the emergency. Amen. Now, we notice tonight, Brother Brandham says that we're taking the symbols of the Passover. And the Passover was taken in emergency in times of desperation. Amen. You notice in Exodus 12:11, Amen. And it says, "And thus shall ye eat it with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand, and ye shall eat it in haste. It is the Lord's Passover." Amen. See, they're eating it in desperation. Amen. They had seen the great hand of God. They had they had seen all the miracles. They seen all the things that God has done. And they had come under the sign of the token. And while they were under the sign of the token, they've uh taken the communion in desperation, for they knew at that time God was fixing the strike with judgment. Amen. They knew that a time of of judgment, a time uh was at hand, that that they came under desperation. Amen. And it was a shaking time for them. Amen. And it was a time where every man would must examine himself because the word of the prophet had not failed one time. Amen. It had been proven to be true. Whatever he said, it happened just exactly the way he said it. Amen. I want you to notice this. Now, the pillar of fire was still there. And then the prophet had announced that God would only pass over when he saw the token at the door. And it was desperation. Amen. There caused it caused a desperation. And brother Brandham says, "I would imagine the children were when they saw those big black wings dropped down from the sky like smoke settling over the city, the the screams coming from every house, the children might have went to their daddy and said, "Daddy, are you sure that we're under the token?" And he could go to the door and look upon the post. Amen. And upon the little and said, "Son, that's according to his word. Remember, I'm the oldest child, daddy. Remember, I'm your oldest. and and are you sure? Are you positive? Amen. He come under desperation and then his dad could stand there and say, "Son, I am positive." That's according to what the prophet had told us. Amen. And he has the word of the Lord says, "When I see the blood, I'll pass over you." Amen. He says, "Take a lamb for the house. I brought it all you children in. I brought all you children in. You're my oldest. You're my firstborn. That's the one that's dying out there." Amen. Uh you can hear all them crying out there. You can hear all them, all the oldest of the children out there dying. And I brought you uh your children in. Amen. And that's the one that's dying. But there is a blood and that's what thus saith the Lord was. So rest, my son. Just rest at ease. Because God made the promise. And he could say, "Well, daddy, why are you got your shoes on? Why you got your staff in your hand? Why have you got a piece of bread in one hand and a lamb in the other? Why is the them bitter herbs and things? What are you eating? Why are you eating it? And and what's the sweat running off your face about, son? Death is fixing fixing to strike. And brother Brennham says, she it was a time of desperation. Oh my. Now, I believe that we're living in the days that we should that that we're living in. We it should cause the church to come under desperation. Amen. We see all the signs. We've seen all all the the the the things our prophet h has spoke about years ago come to pass today. And it should cause us to come under in great desperation this morning. Amen. We've played long enough. We went to church long enough. We've got something to do. Amen. And how is it that we can see great signs and wonders done in others? But but what about us? Amen. How is it that we can we can see great signs and it should cause us to come uh under desperation. Amen. That we're determined before God. Amen. The signs of his coming when we've read it from the word and hear a prophet speak about it and and we've watched it come to pass in this day and in this hour. Amen. It should cause this entire congregation to come unto desperation. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "And then at the end of the preaching, the the the see the action of the great Holy Spirit, see God come down visible before the people. We see God working." Amen. We we even see we even have the picture. Amen. Showing uh that it's not just a man that it's not just a preacher. It's not just a sung leader. It's it's not just a the leoty in the church. It's it's not just a just a certain group of people or congregation. Amen. But it's now embodied in the holy in the bride of the in the body of his bride. Amen. And it should throw us into desperation. Amen. Now in Egypt, Amen. those people, they had seen the hand of God. Amen. The children of Israel had seen the hand of God. And that night of the communion, they took it in desperation because they know that something was fixing to happen. Amen. And we know that something is fixing to happen today. Amen. We know that something is fixing to happen. Remember the coming of the Lord will be sudden. Amen. The secret going away. He'll come and take her like a thief in the night. Amen. And to think that if somebody all of a sudden there is members of our family gone and you're left behind, it should throw us into desperation that that that by the grace of God will not be left behind. Oh my. Oh my desperation. Brother Brandham talks about a man from New Albany there. He says uh had a little boy and he said this man had a little boy. I believe his wife had cancer once and was healed and now the little boy had got it and and was just in bad shape. Amen. But the man didn't stop there. The man didn't just say, "Oh, well uh well that poor little that poor little boy, you know, but it threw the man into desperation." Amen. When the wife was about to die with cancer, he know that God could heal her. And if God can heal the wife, then God can heal the boy. Amen. Desperation. Oh my. Brother Bham says, "See, you must come." And when you're desperate, then God is going to listen to you. But if you're just slothful and you don't care whether he does it or not, and well, that's that's different. And you say, "Uh, you do." But it takes desperation to do it. Oh my. The reason we don't have desperation is because we lack the love of God. Oh my. The reason we don't have desperation. We lack the love of God. Amen. The love of God causes desperation. You say, "Well, I I thought we were to have faith." Amen. Yes, that is true. We are to have faith. In Galatians 5:6, breaking in faith which workketh by love. Faith workketh by love. Amen. And the only way that you can have faith is to have love first. Amen. And if you don't have love, you can't have faith. Amen. If we can ever get the love of God in our hearts, it'll throw us into desperation. Amen. We should have such a burden for lost souls. We should have such a burden to see our family saved. and we to see our family be healed to see our family be delivered to to to to [Music] to and to cause us to come under desperation that we won't rest until God does something. Amen. A state of desperation. Amen. How can you have faith in your wife? Brother Brandham says if you don't love her. Amen. That's filio love. How about agel love to God? How can you have faith if you don't love God? If you said you loved your wife and you never tell her about it, never sat down and make love to her, expressed it to her, kiss her, hug her and tell her she's the most she's the best cook in the country and and how pretty she is and how much you love her. If you don't do that, she'll never know it. If you do love her, you will express it. Amen. That's the way we do to God. When we love him, we we tell him about him. We sit down, we adore, and we worship him. And see, love drives us to do that. Amen. Now, what if something has got uh what if something was done to your wife? Why did it throw you into desperation to get it done? Oh my. What if the doctor says your wife's got cancer and she's fixing to die, yet you'll do anything. See, it'll throw you into desperation. And that's the same thing with God. We must have love before we can have faith. Amen. When we have genuine love, what does it do? that pushes our faith out in the battlefront for God. See, genuine godly love uh for God and for his word and for his people will push faith out there. Amen. God just takes a hold of faith and says, "Come on, let's go." And out we go and causes and that's what love does. Amen. John 14 verse 23 says Jesus said if man loves me if if a man loves me he'll keep my words. Amen. Let's read that again. Jesus said if a man loves me he'll keep my words. Brother Brandham says now you can't keep his word without having faith in what he said. So so if he loves God then he keeps God's word. If he says, "I'm the Lord that health," he believes that. Love makes him believe it because love dominates all. Though I speak with the tongue of men and angels and have not love, it's nothing. Though I have faith to move mountains and have not love, it's nothing. Love dominates all cuz God is love. A God of love. Amen. Now, we know it's true that God will meet a desperate soul. Amen. It usually it usually takes something to drive us into that to that despair to the desperation. It takes something to drive us to desperation. Oh my. Amen. You may be sitting here this morning and and you're facing your mountains this morning and maybe you face your mountains all week or you got a mountain that's coming up before you. Amen. And you just don't know what to do. You can't see see that you're going to get over it. Amen. And and you're facing valleys. you can't seem to cross and it's pushed you into a desperate state. Amen. And the only way that you'll ever be able to achieve that thing that you're wanting is to desperately come before God. Oh my. Amen. You must desperately come before God and say, "God, I want it. God, I got to have it. Amen. I get it now or I'm finished. Tomorrow is too late. I must have it now." Amen. Desperation. Brother Brham says, "When you pray for the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the token, don't say,"Well, now I'll go up and try it, Lord. I'm a little tired." Oh, mercy, stay in your seat, then. Don't even make an attempt. If you come say, "Oh, I'll just pass through the prayer line, put the oil on my head, and I'll see if that does me any good." Might as well just sit where you're at until you get to a place until the whole church gets to a place that it's between life and death. Amen. You've got to have it now or perish. Then God will move on the scene. It takes desperation to move to bring God on the scene. Oh my. Jacob cried like never before. Desperately called until he got a hold of God. And when he did, he wrestled not for 15 minutes. He didn't wrestle for a few minutes. He didn't wrestle for a half an hour and just said, "Oh, well, you know, I I felt a little something there. I guess I guess I'm done. But he wrestled to keep him in a sore all night long. Amen. Desperation got a hold of Jacob and he wasn't going to leave until he got his blessing. Oh my. He still He still knew he didn't have the blessing and he was able to hold on until the blessing came. Oh my. If we can just get desperate enough this morning. If we can just get desperate enough and we could just hold on till God till God comes on the scene. Desperation. A lot of people says, "Glory to God, I got it now." There you're deceived. Yeah. Somebody says, "Oh, I just feel good. I went there down. I went down there and prayed. Oh, shivers run up all over me. Oh, that might have been God. I saw a great light before me. That still might have been God, but that's not the thing that I'm talking about. The Bible says in Hebrews the 6th chapter, the rain fallth on the just and the unjust the same. Now, you take a weed and take the weeds and put them in a field, and the rain is is actually sent for the wheat. But the rain falls on the weeds just the same as the wheat does. And the rain and the weeds is just as happy as the rain and the wheat is. Amen. The very Holy Ghost can fall upon an unbeliever and make him act just exactly the same as the believers act. But it's by their fruits you shall know them. Amen. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. All the weeds and the h the weeds are just as happy. Amen. But by your fruits you shall know them. Oh my. And Jacob, rather in desperation, he said, "I I know. I feel you. You're here with me, but I'm not going to let you go. He wrestled desperately until the blessing came. Amen. In his despairs, I'll not let you go. He wrestled until God came on the scene. Oh my. The problem today is we can't sit still long enough for God to move. Oh my. The first little sensation, they get up and jump up and down and run the aisle and say, "I got it." Jacob stayed there until something happened. Amen. have made him walk different. It made him talk different. Hey, it may have made him a different person because he stayed until something happened. Oh my. The Bible says he stayed until he prevailed. Amen. How can a man how can a man prevail over God? You can do it. A man can prevail over God. Amen. Jacob had gone in desperation till he got the assurance. Amen. And you got to get desperate until you get that assurance. Amen. Desperation. Amen. One time there was a man by the name of Hezekiah. Have been told by the prophet, "Thus sayaith the Lord, you're going to die." Amen. A prophet come to Hezekiah with the word of the Lord and says, "Thus sayaith the Lord, you're going to die." But Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and in desperation he cried out and he says,"Lord, consider me. I've walked before you with a perfect heart. I need 15 more years." And now he just heard, "Thus sayaith the Lord." But now he's turned his face to the wall and in desperation he's crying out to God saying, "God, I need 15 more years." After God had told him something was going to happen, that he was going to die. And in desperation, it changed the program of God. Amen. Desperation changed the mind of God. Oh, I want you to catch that this morning. Desperation changed the mind of God. Ruth got desperate one time when when she was standing by Naomi. She had a choice to make. Amen. And would she go back to her people, to all that she loved and all that she worshiped her gods, her people, or would she cleave to Naomi? What must she do? She got in a desperation. She got in desperation. She cried out, "Where you go, I'll go. Where you live, I'll live. Where you die, I'll die. Where you are buried, I'll be buried. Your God shall be my God." Amen. There you are. Desperate. And God blessed her. Amen. And he gave her a son, Oed. And Obed be God. Yes. And through Jess come Jesus because she got desperate. Amen. She got in a state of desperation. Amen. She wasn't going to settle until till she come and something satisfied her soul. Oh my. All because she went into desperation. That's right. Brother Brandham says like the little harlot Rahab, she was desperate. She know that death laid before she was under judgment. She got desperate. said, "I'll hide you spies. I'll do anything. Only swear to your God, my house will stand. There you are." She got in desperation. That's right. They were going to destroy. She knew something was getting ready to happen. She knew judgment was coming, but in desperation, she says, "I'll hide. I'll hide you. I I'll risk my life to hide you, but you must swear that me and my house will be saved." Oh my desperation. We've gotten to get into desperation this morning. Amen. Lord, I'm going to hold you until you give me something. But Lord, even that I'm going to keep on cuz I want more and more of you. Oh my. Jonah threw overboard in the time of a storm in the bottom of a sea in the belly of a well. All hopes of survival was gone. My Amen. And how many has felt like that before where you just feel like you've just been tossed over the sea and you've been left to drown and you just felt like all hopes of of of living was just is there. Amen. All hope of survival was gone. Amen. But it happened to come in his mind when he got swallowed up. It happened to come to his mind that Solomon and dedicating the temple said, "Lord, if the people be in trouble anywhere and they'll turn towards the temple and pray than here," brother Brandham says. And turning over in the belly of the well, Jonah managed to get somewhere to his knees. I imagine with the vomit all of the well of the well all over him there. He prayed in desperation. And in that desperate just a few breaths of oxygen, oxygen is all that he had in the whale's belly. But in them few breaths that he was drawing, maybe he didn't know which way he was. He said, "Lord, I believe I'm looking up towards your temple." And with just a few breaths to go, in desperation, he prayed under those circumstances. Amen. never been done before. But he was desperate. He prayed and God kept him alive for three more days and three more nights. Amen. And delivered him to the place where he wants to deliver his message. Desperation calls for that. Oh my. Amen. I'm just I'm going to go through just different stories, but Hannah, a barren woman in the Bible, she wanted a son. Amen. And she got to fasting for him and she fasted and prayed until even the priest at the temple thought she was drunk. Thought she was a crazy woman. Amen. She went in such desperation with the rest of the women watching what kind of h all the women were just just looking at each other. Oh, they were just looking at oh what kind of bonnet the one woman had and and what the other one had on and you know how it goes. And the other one seeing what kind of clothes they had on and talking about the things that they're going to do on the farm. But not Hannah. She stepped right through the whole crowd and went to the altar. She had been fasting. She wanted her reproach taken away. What a difference it is today. It's almost a reproach to have a child. We're seeing that today. Amen. It's almost a reproach to have a child. At that time, it was a reproach not to have a child. And she got on her knees and she never noticed the the dignity of the temple. She never noticed that the the the the dignified priest as he walked out. She was in such distress till all her tears were rolling down her cheeks and she was crying in desperation. Oh Lord, give me a son. Give me a son, Lord. Amen. She was past the age of barren. She prayed with desperation. She must have this child. What was it? God has spoke to her. He sent her a prophet. You can't be desperate till God speaks to you. Oh church, it's time to rise and shake ourselves. Amen. It's time to wake up. This is the hour for desperation. Oh my. We must be desperate or we will perish. Oh, there is coming forth something from the Lord. We've been given. Thus, sayaith the Lord. Amen. God sent us a prophet and he says, I've given you thus, sayaeth the Lord. We better get desperate this morning. If not, he'll pass through and we'll miss it. Oh my. Let's get desperate this morning. We all know the story of the Shounomite woman. A man, she was old and her husband old. They had no children, but she was kind to this prophet. And she knowed that he was a man of God. And she had watched him do signs and wonders. She heard him tell the things that happened. He was an honorable man, a holy man. She built a house out there for him. He could come by whenever he wanted and so forth. And she put a little a bed out there, a little jug of water and and that he could wash himself and have something to drink. And she would probably send a little maid or a butler up, brother Bernham says, and with some food to feed him. The woman was honoring God as she honored this prophet, as she seen God in the prophet. And so when Elijah saw this kindness done to him, he said to his servant, "What does she want? Go ask her. Shall I shall I speak to the king for? I'm a personal friend. I'm the chief captain. I know him real well. There is a there must be some kind of favor, something I can do for her. I want to give her something for how she's been to me. She's fed me. She's she's let me sleep in the beds and she she's been real nice to us. Now, what can I do for her?" She says, 'N no, I I just just dwell among my people. We're we're well off. We're, you know, we work our farm and the Lord has blessed our farm and we're well off and we're we live comfortably. We're we're fine. We're okay. We don't need anything and and we don't have need of nothing and and Gahhesi sent to him, but she doesn't have any children. And brother Brennham says, "No more than Jahesi saw it. No doubt the prophet saw a vision for he said thus saith the Lord go tell her in proper time a year from now she will embrace a son and the son was born we all know the story how that uh old couple must have left this little boy their only child when he was about 12 years old brother Maram says one day he was out cutting wheat with his daddy and must have been out in the middle of the day he had a sun stroke he got sicker and sicker his daddy had taken him from the field and it was such an emergency there that he went that he sent his servant and sent him in and the mother held him on her lap until noon time and he then the boy died. noticed her child that had been given her by the Lord through the prayer and the promise of a prophet. If thus sayaith the Lord, a prophet came and said, "Thus sayith the Lord, you'll have a son." And now 12 years later, the son dies. And she knew there was something wrong somewhere. She knew that God just wouldn't give him something and then take it away. Amen. How could God give her that son and let her love and come to that baby and she never asked for it? She was too old to even have it. And there this baby in this condition had died, her only son. So she said to the servants, she got see desperation got a hold of her. She said, "Saddle me a mule and you ride and don't you stop. If anyone tries to stop you, don't you say a word and you drive straight to drive straight to Mount Carmel. Out there in a cave somewhere, pull back. There is a servant of the most high God who want who told me thus sayith the Lord, I'll give you a baby." Amen. And I want to know why God has done this. Go straight forward and don't you and don't check the mule. Let him run just as hard as everything in him. Let him run till you get there. Desperation. Oh my. And Elijah the prophet raised up and looked and said, "Here comes that Shimonite, that shinomite woman." And she said, "Something's wrong with her. God has kept it from me. I don't know what's wrong." Said, "Go meet her. Let's hurry. Let's hurry. There's something wrong." Desperation set on in the prophet. Desperation set on in the woman. Amen. So she was almost there. Then he raised up his hand and says, "Is all well with thee? Is all well with thy husband? Is all well with thy child?" And brother Brennham says, "Now the woman had reached the end of her desperation." She said, "All is well. All is well. Glory. All is well. Amen. All is well." Her desperation was over. She had she had found the servant of the Lord. And he hadn't been there. She had still been in desperation. But you see, he was there. She said, "All is well." Elijah thought, "Well, what's going on now?" So, she ran up and fell down at his feet. And that looked kind of uncommon. So, Jahesi started to lift her up and Elijah said, "Don't do that. Just let her alone. There's something wrong. God keeps it from me." Then she revealed to him and that her baby was dead. Now the prophet didn't know what to do. He he said, "Jahes, take this staff and that I've walked on." And he know that whatever he touched was blessed cuz it wasn't in him. It was God in him. He knew who he was and he knew that he was a prophet. So he picks up the staff and says, "Jesa, you take this. You go and lay it upon the child and if anybody speaks to you, you get desperate. You don't don't you salute nobody. Don't you just keep going? Don't speak to nobody. Put it upon the child. But the woman that didn't enter her desperation, that didn't satisfy what she'd come for. She said, "As the Lord God lives, I'm not going to leave until you go minister to the child." See, desperation got a hold of her. Oh my. Amen. And Elijah got desperate. And there he went down the road in him and down the road with him and the woman. And when they got there, all the people there out in the yard screaming and crying. And the woman had done the most appropriate thing that could be done. She took the baby and she laid him on the bed where Elijah had laid. Amen. That was a good That was a good as his staff. Amen. It was good as his staff. He didn't want He didn't wake up there yet. Amen. The prophet went in. Now he's in desperation. Amen. And we find in the Bible that he walked up and down the floor desperate. I don't know nothing else to do, Lord. Here am I. You told me to speak to that woman and thus saith the Lord. And it was exactly the way I told her because you told me, Lord, now there she's in trouble and I don't know what to do. There lays a dead boy, Lord. What What can I do, Lord? Lord, what can I do? I'm desperate for you, Lord. No doubt the Holy Spirit says, "If the if if the God is in you, then lay yourself on the baby." First thing you know, he stopped. He ran and put his hands on his hands, his nose upon his nose, his lips upon its lips. And when he laid himself over, the baby sneaked seven times. Desperation was over. Amen. The baby came to life because desperation drove the woman to the prophet and desperation drove the prophet to the baby. Oh my. and desperation and both of them drew God on the scene. Oh my. With love of God and love for his people brought the love of God down and throw faith out there on the battlefront and then the work was done. Case closed. Amen. That's it. Desperation does it. Certainly, she wasn't going to leave. She wasn't going to leave. But desperation got God on the scene. Amen. Amen. And we've been given, as we said, thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. If you want healing this morning, if you want the Holy Ghost this morning, if you just want a renewing with the Lord and said, Lord, just renew my walk with you. You want a deliverance, don't stop pressing until you get it. Oh my, it's desperation. It's desperation that will bring God on the scene. Amen. We must get desperate before the Lord. Hey man, another blind Baronameus thought Jesus was going to pass him by sitting out there at the gate. Blind beggar. He was just a blind beggar. Hey man, the first thing you know he heard a noise that Jesus was passing by. He said, "Who passes by?" Somebody shoved and bounty and he said, "Please, who is passing by?" One of them, well, maybe a little a little kind disciple woman said, says, "Sir, don't you know who is that passing by?" No. I hear some of them say, "There's a whole graveyard full of deaf people up there. If you if you raise the dead and go raise them, is that a blasphemer or somebody?" No. Have you heard of the prophet of Galilee, the young prophet called Jesus of Nazareth? No, I haven't. Well, you know, it says in our scrolls that the son of David will be raised up to set on it. That's him right there. Oh, is that him? Is that him? Is that him passing by? Desperation drove him to scream, "Oh, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me." And they just said, "Shut up. You're too loud. You're making too much noise. You're dancing too much. You're shouting too much. You just sit still. Don't make noise. Don't make go to sleep." Oh my. But he said, "Pass me not, oh gentle savior." Lord, hear my humble cry. And wow, others are passing by. Lord, don't pass me by. He cried, "Savior." Amen. Some of them said, "Just shut up." But he was desperate. He had a desperate heart. And then Jesus got by. He never would have had another opportunity. And it's the same this morning. Amen. If we do not get desperate enough, we might not have another opportunity. This may be the last service we'll ever go in or we'll ever be in. It's time we get desperate. It's time we say, "Lord, I'm getting it now or I'm getting it never." Amen. It's desperate. Amen. He was desperate. Desperation. He screamed out, "Oh, Jesus." No matter who told him to stop, he cried just the same, that much more louder. He was desperate. Nobody could stop him. Thou son of David, have mercy on me. He scream in desperation. Amen. And the son of God, when the sin with the sins of the world upon his shoulders, going to Jerusalem to be offered up right then for a sacrifice for the world, he stopped in his tracks. Oh my, what a testimony. Oh my. Brother Brandham says, "Desperation, a despairing cry stop the son of God." Says, "What would you have for me to do for you?" Oh, said, "Lord, Lord, that I might receive my sight." He said, "Go your way. Your faith saves you." That was enough for blind Barnameus. That was enough for him cuz he was desperate. Desperation when desperation is re is to receive something. The faintest little touch faith grabs us. He didn't say now. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold there just a minute. Let me see if I can see now. You said it. Let me just let me just see. Hold on. Everybody stop. I never did see my hands for many years. Let's just see if I can see it. I don't see nothing yet. When Jesus said, "Thy faith has saved thee." That was enough for a blind Barnameus, that's all he wanted to hear was, "Thy faith has saved thee." Oh my. Desperation. Amen. Desperation calls for a subject. And when the subject, no matter how faint it is, it's received. It's believed right then because faith catches it. Faith catches when desperation is pushing it. Amen. See, love is there, mixes with it, and brings it to it. Desperation does it. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Peter, when he was all steamed up one night on the sea, when he got in desperation, he began to cry out, there was something wrong. I I see a spirit coming. I speak I see a spirit walking to me." Amen. The ship was about to go down. And he said, "If it be you, Lord, bid me to come on the water." And the Lord said, "Come." And he stepped down and out of the ship and he started, but he got scared. He be to look at the problem. He began to look at his situation. He began to look at his circumstances. He began to look at at how high the waves were. And when he got started, he started to sink. And though a mistake in trying to follow the commandments of God, brother said, "I hope the church gets there." The man was doing what God told him to do. But he started to sink. And in desperation, he cried, "Lord, save me. Save me, Lord, or I'll perish." And a hand reached and picked him up. Oh my. We have the same thing this morning. We don't have to drown in complexes. We don't have to drown in desperate in depression. We don't have to we don't have to watch our children be overcome by the things of the world. Amen. If we would just cry out in desperation, you have the same right Peter had. Amen. Lord, save me or I'll perish. Lord, save my children. Lord, save my daddy. Lord, save my mama. Lord, hear my cry. Amen. And as you cry out in desperation, you can have the same testimony that Peter had. He heard my desparing cry and from the waters lifted me. And how safe am I? Oh my, what a testimony. Oh, he was he he was out there. The waves were getting high, looking at his circumstances, looking at his problems. But he looked to one. He looked at the one that he knew that could save him. He turned to Jesus and he says, "Lord, save me. Lord, I need you. I'm desperate for you, Lord." Then a hand reached out. And it pulled him up. Oh, man. So many times have I felt like I've I've looked at my situations. I've looked at my circumstance. I've looked at my problems and I just don't see how we're going to get through it. But yet, I just look up and I in desperation begin to call on the Lord and says, "Lord, you've got to give it to me now or I'm going to perish." And the next thing I know, a hand reaches down and he saves me. Oh my desperation. Desperation calls God on the scene. Brother Brandham says, "Then we find out that in the sinking, God heard him in the line of duty, he started to sink. He failed. No matter if you fail, that don't have nothing to do with it. We all fail. We're a failure to begin with, but we got somebody standing now with the strong hand who can reach up, who can reach us and take us above the water." Amen. If you made a mistake, some women made a mistake, some man made a mistake, some boy or girl made a mistake. Don't sink. Scream out in despair. Lord, save me or I'll perish. Get desperate about it. God will hear you. He always hears a desperate soul. Amen. Jarius one time had a little daughter that was dying. Brother Brandham says he was a borderline believer. He believed Jesus. He but he was afraid to confess it because they put him out of the synagogue. He was a religious man. But the doctor come one morning and says, "She's dying now." But see, desperation set in. See, he was afraid to confess Jesus. He was afraid to believe and and confess it out loud. But when he heard that his own daughter was dying, then desperation came within him. Oh my. He couldn't afford it at his position to be caught up with Jesus of Nazareth because he would lose his position as a priest. But I tell you, when emergency comes, it throwed him into desperation. Brother Adam says, "I can see him hunting for his little preachers's coat and hat and slipped it on. Here he come down through the crowd pressing around and they were all shouting. But he went in and said, "Master, master, my little my my little girl is is laying at the point of death. Master, master, my little girl is laying at the point of death. If you'll just come lay your hands on her, she'll live." Oh, my desperation makes you say things sometimes, makes you do things that puts you in action. His daughter was saved by desperation. His daughter was saved by desperation. Hallelujah. If the musicians will come, it's desperation that will get God on the scene. Oh, sometimes we've prayed and we prayed for our children, for our family. We've prayed for situations. We we've asked God to give us answers. We'll pray for months. We'll pray for weeks. We'll pray for years and it just seems like that God just doesn't do something. But but we just got to learn to stay in desperation that no matter how long it's going to take, no matter how h how how how hard it's going to be, if we can just hold on out of desperation and God will do something. Amen. Let's be desperate like that little woman with the blood issue. The Bible said she had spent all of her money with the physicians and yet they couldn't help her. Oh my. Here we have the best doctors in the world today and yet they still can't figure out certain things. They still can't figure out they they still can't find a cure for cancer, man. With all the knowledge, with all the best scientists in the world, we still have the great physician. Amen. Yet they couldn't help her. So she had started in time of menopause and blood and a blood issue and it wouldn't stop. They had maybe sold the farm, the mules, the horses or whatever it was and nothing could help her. But one morning she looked down. She lived upon the bank but there were where her farm was and she had seen a great bunch of people gathering around a man down there. And they said, "What is that?" said, "That's Jesus of Nazareth." And that's when desperation set in. She says, "I'm kind of all insignificant, but if I can only touch the border of his garment, I'll be made well." And she passed by every critic and everything else. But then she got to the spot. She touched his garment in desperation. And when she did, he turned around and said, "Who touched me?" Oh, they all denied it. But he looked around and he found the little woman and told her, "Your blood issue has stopped." Desperation drove her to do that. She had to press through the crowd. She didn't just set up on the heel and said, "Well, I hope the master comes my way. I hope he just comes. I just I just hope." But she went out in desperation. She had to do something. She had to press. And in desperation she touched the hem of his garment and was made well. Desperation when thou seekest me with all your heart then I'll hear you. Amen. Our opening scripture the law and the prophet were until John since the kingdom of heaven has been preached and a man press into it. Don't just stand around and say pick me up by the call of the Lord. Push me in. You press into it. You get desperate between life and death. Amen. Can we just bow our heads for a moment? Amen. Nobody looking around, but maybe you're seeking this morning and you say, "Lord, I want a renew week. Lord, I want to refresh you. Lord, I I want to draw closer to you. I'm tired, Lord, of living the same life day after day without feeling your presence. Lord, we've got to get desperate. Get desperate. Say, "Lord, I need you. Lord, I want to see my loved ones saved. I want to see my wife saved. I want to see my husband saved. Lord, I want to make it in a rapture. Lord, don't leave me behind. I want my family to make it in a rapture. Whatever you have need of, get desperate, Lord. I want healing in my body. I want a deliverance, Lord. I want to be a better husband to my wife. I want to be a better wife, a wife to my husband. I want to be a better father. I want to be a better mother. We've got to get desperate this morning. You have to want it bad enough. I'm not going to stop pressing. I'm not going to stop believing until you give it to me, Lord. Lord, whatever it takes, however long it takes, Lord, I'm going to see a victory. Don't limit God to your situation. Don't limit God to your feelings. Whatever you have need of this morning, it's time to get desperate for it. Lord, I've been on this mountain too long. It's time to move. It's time for this mountain to move. It's time for this for this valley to move. Amen. I believe it was Buddy Robinson one time. I said, "Lord, if you don't give me the Holy Ghost, when you come back, you will find a pile of bones laying right here in the field." Brother Brandham says that's when he received it. He got desperate enough when he was out in the field. He said, "Lord, I want the Holy Ghost so bad. if you don't give it to me when you come back again, there's going to be a pile of bones here. Lord, I'm desperate for you. I've got to have it. And that's when he received it. That's when God came on the scene cuz he got desperate. Let's get desperate before God this morning. And then he'll come on the scene. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're desperate for you this morning, Lord. Lord, we're asking, Lord, that you would come down, Father. Lord, that you would touch every need this morning, Lord. Lord, that you would come down and walk down this aisle, Father. Lord, we're in the time of desperation, Lord. Your your prophet has already prophesied, Lord, that these events would happen. And Lord, we're seeing it happen today. We're seeing these these events of unfolding today, Lord. And Lord, we know that that that your coming is here, Lord. Lord, we know that it could be any day now. And Lord, I'm desperate for you, Lord. I'm desperate for my family. I'm desperate for my loved ones, Lord. Oh, Lord, don't leave us here, Father. Lord, oh, Father, Lord, you gave us a promise, Lord, that by your stripes, we are healed. Lord, we're holding on to that promise this morning, Lord. Lord, you said, Lord, that you had had called us before the foundation of the world. That our names were put in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. And Lord, we're holding on to that. We're never letting go of that, Lord, because we're desperate for you, Father. Lord, I pray that you would come and touch every desperate mother this morning. Every desperate father, every desperate husband, Lord, every desperate wife this morning, Lord, Lord, I pray that they would hold on and never let go. I pray that you would just come Lord or to have your way father is our prayer while on staff are calling. Thank you Lord to not pass me by. Sing it with all your hearts. Now I'm crying. [Music] Saveior my [Music] savior. Oh hear my humble cry. Oh yes. Wow. On that are calling. Oh, do not pass me by. Sing it again with all your heart. I'm crying. Savior, I'm [Music] crying. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Mothers thou art calling. Oh, do not pass me by. I'm crying. [Music] Saveior my Savior. [Music] Oh, hear my humble [Music] cry. Oh yes, [Music] why stand or call? Oh, do not pass me by. Sing again. I'm crying. [Applause] [Music] Saveior my [Music] savior. Hear my humble cry. Oh yes, [Music] why thou are calling. [Music] for you now ask me. Oh love, love lifted me. God's love lifted me when nothing else could help. Oh love lifted me. Oh love lifted me. God's love lifted me. when nothing else could help or love lifted me. I was sinking deep and sad far from the peaceful shore very deeply stained within. was sinking to rise no more I cried but the master of the sea heard my despairing cry oh and from the waters lifted me now safe oh where am I oh yes love lifted me. God's love lifted me when nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me. Yes, love lift me. Love lifted me. Oh, when nothing else could help love lifted. I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Lord, it's time to [Music] move. My God is bigger, better, stronger. He's greater than you. I like this. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh my God is so much bigger than troubles I face. Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be [Music] moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] rule. I'll speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Aren't you thankful for that? Oh my God is stronger. The victories already won. Oh yes, he died for my ransom and he rose up on the third day. Oh cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave. Oh, I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. Lord, his promise is true. So long speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Yeah. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Singing one more time. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. [Music] All his promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Yes, it is. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. Can you give the Lord praise this morning? Amen. Aren't you glad that we serve a risen savior this morning? Oh my. Amen. I pray that the service was a blessing this morning in some way. Amen. We uh want to remember our pastor and the family l that the Lord would just be with them on their way home. Um I believe they're leaving Faith and Dad is leaving Tuesday. I believe Tuesday for Alaska. Um and so they won't be here Wednesday or Sunday. Um but we've got brother Zachary coming in on Wednesday and uh he'll be ministering for us. So, let's just keep uh dad and faith in our prayers that the Lord would just be with him and uh be in their services down uh down up there. Amen. Uh we also want to uh keep the Zachary and their family safe as they travel up here, I believe, on Wednesday. And uh we want to keep Sister Jane in our prayers, Sister Kim Weeks in our prayers. Amen. We believe uh we're going to see miracles. Amen. We uh want to just remember our service at 7 uh Wednesday and uh I believe that's all the announcements I think. Amen. Well, uh pray that you have a blessed rest of your day today that the Lord would just go with you. Amen. Maybe we can ask uh maybe brother Shmaya if he would dismiss us in a word of prayer.
