################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - Brother Zachary Wallace The Grace of Vindication - Zachary Wallace.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-29
Title:    Brother Zachary Wallace "The Grace of Vindication"
Speaker: Zachary Wallace
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Jas5Nrch6w
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] And low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. I cry to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to go in day. Can we stand? Oh yes, he brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established and here laide. No danger of falling. While here I remain, but stand by his grace until the crown I gain. Oh yes, he brought me out of the myy clay and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. Song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] He gave me a song was a new song of praise by day and by night. It sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Oh yes, he brought me out of the myy clay and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men his goodness will see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad. Till many will hear the truth and trust in God. Oh yes, he brought me out of the myy clay. Oh, he set my feet on a rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Can we sing that again? Oh yes. He brought me out of the mry clay. Oh he set my feet on a rock to sing. And he puts a song in my soul today. a song of praise. Hallelujah. Yeah. Amen. Are you glad that he's brought you out? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh brother Shmiah to dedicate the service. [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget no. Sing it again. Oh yes Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you've set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No. One more time as they come for the offering. Oh yes Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, never. Amen, brother Joe. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all that he's done for me. Oh my soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God forsaving me. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all that he's done for me. Oh, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Sing it again when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all that he's done for me. Oh, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? [Applause] [Music] Amen. I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. I will praise the Lord. I will praise him. I will praise the Lord. Yes, we will. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. I will love him. I will love the Lord with all my heart. Oh, I I will love you, Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I will love the Lord. I will serve him. Am I will serve the Lord? Yes, I will serve the Lord. No matter. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. For I will serve the Lord. I will praise him. Oh, I I will praise you Lord every day. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I will praise the Lord as they would just play softly. Now, I don't have any written prayer requests. So, we want to uh keep Sister Jane in our prayers. Um I she wasn't able to make it again tonight. So, let's just pray that the Lord would just go down and strengthen her. Uh last time we had talked she was supposed to go see a doctor tomorrow. So let's just remember her in our prayers tonight. Uh we want to u keep uh dad and faith there in our prayers as um they've made it to Alaska and um just that pray that the Lord would just bless their services and just be with them. Amen. How many has a unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. And it's good to have brother Terry back with us and sister Alice that the Lord just kept them safe. Good to have brother Kevin, sister Melissa back with us as well. Maybe we could ask brother Terry to come and lead us tonight. We want to remember brother Zachary. Amen. It's really good to have them here. Sister Hannah, the children. Amen. Let's just pray that uh the Lord would just bless brother Zachary tonight and speak to our hearts. Amen. How many can say, "Lord, I want more of you." Amen. [Music] We was up in Ohio for my grandson's graduation, but I think, you know, we all have a graduation coming real, real soon. This one great graduation when we'll be uh finally free from this old body of corruption and we get that new body. It'll truly be a great graduation and a great reunion. Let's just thank the Lord as we pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you in the name of the Lord Jesus. how thankful we are for the end time message and what you've given to us and you open up our hearts and our understanding to the word realizing Lord that many of us especially the elder elderly people is back in denominations and when we heard the truth sometimes was able to come out freely sometimes not so freely and they had to force us out kick us out and tell us we wasn't welcome but Lord we're glad to be out and we're thankful we're under the umbrella of this word truth we so appreciate Lord you sending us that message and we love this message with all of our heart. It's our life. It's our love. It's our passion. It means everything to us. Pray Lord for uh Brother Shawn and Sister Faith as they're up there in Alaska. Give him words to speak with the meetings that he uh is to conduct and just give them travel and mercies back home. May they enjoy their fellowship with the saints up in that area in that time. We pray for sister Jane, you know, her condition and what she's going through with ask you strengthen her body in each one. And Lord, I was talking to my son this afternoon. his his wife, she's got uh some anemic condition, low red blood cells. I pray that you'd touch her body and make her well. Lord, restore her health back to her. You're an everpresent help in a time of need. Lord, our brother Zach, as he ministers the word of God tonight, Lord, let the word words that he speak ever present water from the rock. Lord, you're the great uh supplier. You're you're that great well of living water, Lord, that we just thankful that we have flowing within our soul. feed us again tonight, Lord, through your word, through your servant. We ask these blessings in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. You can be seated. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, oh, I will praise the Lord. Hannah, do you have a song for us tonight? Oh, I will praise the Lord every day. Lord, I will praise you, Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, oh, I will praise the Lord. I will love you. I will love you, Lord. Oh, I will love you, Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, oh, I will love the Lord. Sing it again. Oh, I will love you, Lord. Oh, I will love you, Lord. [Music] Oh no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I will love the Lord. [Music] [Music] Just the time I feel that I' been bought in admire of And just the time I feel my mind's been bought by worldly wealth. That's when the breeze begins to blow. I know the spirit's call and all my worldly wonderings just melt within his love. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you, Lord. I want to know you. To feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. cries that say, "I want to know you, Lord. I want to know you [Music] more." And when my daily deeds [Music] ordinarily lose life and song, my heart begins to bleed. Sensitivity to him is gone. [Music] I've run the race but said my own pace. Now I face a shattered soul. But the gentle arms of Jesus warm my hungry to be whole. And oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. And I would give my final breath to know you in your death and resurrection. Lord, I want to know you more. Lord, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you, Lord. I want to know you. To feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. your eyes that say, "I want to know you, Lord. I want to know you more." [Music] Is that your desire tonight to say, "Lord, I want to know you more." Amen. Can we stand to our feet as we invite our uh brother Zachary to [Music] [Music] comeus draw me [Music] close never let me Go. I lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm your friend. For you are my desire. No one else will do. No one else can take your [Applause] [Music] place to feel the warmth of your [Music] embrace. Oh, you are my desire. Oh, and bring me back to [Applause] you. Oh, you're all I [Music] want and you're all I've ever [Music] needed. And you're all I want. Lord, I know you are here. Oh, you're all I want. Oh, you're all I've ever needed and you're all I want. Lord, I know you are here. Oh, draw me close to [Music] you. Never let me [Music] go. Let all down again. [Applause] to hear you say that I'm your [Music] friend. You are my desire. No one else will [Music] do. Nothing else could take your place. Feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I ever needed. You're all I [Music] want. Lord, I know you are here. Amen. We know he's here because he promised to be. But I asked you where is here. Does it mean the building? Does it mean the state? No. It means right here. He promised that he would be with you even in you to the end of the age. Let's just go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we just we want to make you welcome, Lord. Lord, you promised that you would be here in the midst of two or three gathered together. And Lord, we want to make you welcome as you promised you would come. Father, may we not just take it for granted or just look at it as another day, Lord, but may we entertain your presence here tonight, Lord. And may we recognize the opportunity we have to receive from you in divine presence. We just pray, Lord, that you would bless your word to our hearts, Lord. May it be something that would be helpful to us in our daily life, Lord. And I pray you would increase our fa faith tonight in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. I bring you greetings from our home church there in in Ohio at True Word Tabernacle with brother Wayne Lawson. It's a been a recent change for us to be there, but it's been good. been enjoying the uh the fellowship of the saints and and you know we we have a lot of different gatherings but there's only one church and we're all a part of that same church and it's the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you could turn to Malachi the 4th chapter we'll take a text from there and uh reading a scripture but we back on uh on Sunday we were in Arizona. My brother got married on Saturday and we were up in there on Sunday and then we jumped in the car Monday and we drove all the way out here. So, we've seen quite a few miles in the last couple of days. But, uh, we're glad to be here and I guess brother Shawn flew over flew over us as we were driving out here. So, kind of people coming and going, but uh we know that it really doesn't matter a whole lot who's standing up here as long as the Lord's able to speak to the heart. And so, we just trust that he'll do that this evening for us. Amen. If we look in Malachi the 4th chapter, very familiar scripture verse four and five uh the whole chapter gives us context, but verses uh five and six, behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to the fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. You can be seated. Uh it says here, I will before that great and dreadful day. So, we know there's a great and a dreadful day coming. And a great and a dreadful day is a bad day, brother Levi. A great and dreadful day is a bad day. You don't want to be here for a great and a dreadful day. But we know it's coming. And we see signs, we see evidences, we things pointing in that direction, showing us that there's a great and a dreadful day coming. We we call it the last days. We call it the end of time. And uh my my cousin in Arizona, he was getting me up to date on a lot of things because I don't uh I'm not real good on current events or what's going on in technology, but he was he was explaining to me and expressing where things are at right now in technology and especially with uh uh Elon Musk and he was telling me how these driverless cars are actually they've got the technology. They're in operation. They they've they've completed they've passed the tests and they're now functioning. and they're driving around driverless cars, uh, driverless taxis, and they're picking up people, dropping them off. It's in operation. And, and then he showed me something that I I had no idea about. And it's it's something called Optimus. It's a it's a robot that looks like a human that they have created. And it acts like a human. It has functionality, arms, legs, everything. It can jump up, dance a jig, spin around in a circle just like a human would. It can grab an egg, crack an egg, make an omelette. They've made it to be a a a working robot. So for 25 $30,000, you can buy a worker and he can work on any task you need. So Josiah, you've got workers coming up in the near future, you know, you can you can buy this and you don't it's a one-time cost, you know, and then a little bit of maintenance. But it's and this isn't something that there's theoretical. They're expecting to have thousands of them completed by the end of the year. Blew me away. I had no idea that technology was there. So, I started looking into it and I started seeing some of the videos of of what this this new robotic technology is capable of. And and I just realized the the potential for changes in this day. If you got a driverless car, you know, you could upload that technology to a lot of places and you look at your uh your your your truck drivers, you look at your a lot of your machinery, your operators, your taxi drivers. all these different jobs could be replaced by these driverless cars. And then you look at this uh this Optimus robot that can that can make you breakfast and do your laundry and it's like, man, this is this is quite incredible. And and and you know, construction workers or mining operations or dangerous tasks that normally would be would be dangerous because people forget a little detail. Well, these guys don't forget little details, so that's helpful. And and just the the potential for change and upheaval within the world as we know it. And then they were th this this the same guy uh Musk, he was he's working on a whole program for Mars colonization. They he's actively working. It's not just a maybe someday we should do this. He has millions upon millions of dollars poured into a a a a space base where they're planning on how to get to Mars to set up a colonization there and get away from this Earth because they think that this Earth is in trouble. And somebody was t uh touring the the the space base that they have set up that they're they're planning operations and and they were asking him, you know, Mr. Mr. Musk, uh some people have compared you to Noah who built an ark to save the save the earth and they've compared you to that. They said, "What do you think about that?" And he just stood there for a while and he says, "Well, I really don't know." And it just kind of struck me hearing these things and hearing where technology is at and where the earth is at right now and recognizing that people know the hour they're in. I mean, this guy has recognized that we need to get off this earth and we need to go somewhere else and start over again because it's we're in trouble here. We need to rapture. We need to get away from here. They recognize this, but they're trying to achieve it by human ability. They're trying to achieve a utopia here on earth without overcoming sin. They're trying to have a utopia without the blood of Jesus Christ. They're looking for a perfect place. And they're trying. And man was created in the image of God. And and before the Tower of Babel, God said, "We better stop them because anything they imagine in their hearts, they'll do." And that's where they're getting back to. And it just kind of indicates, it gives a little pointer at the hour that we're living in as the last days. Amen. And uh you look in here in the book of Luke 21:2 and says, "There shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars and upon the earth, distress of nations with perplexity, the sea and the waves roaring, men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth. For the powers of heaven shall be shaken, and they shall see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up and lift up your heads for your redemption drawth nigh. So friends, what time is it? It's time to lift up your heads. It's times not to look at the things of this earth and everything that's going around us. We we recognize that we're in this hour, but we need to look up, lift up our heads and realize that our redemption is drawing nigh. Our redemption, our full restoration is right here. Now, brother Brandham here in the sermon spiritual food in due season, he says, "I want you to get built up now this in the holy oracles of God in the faith, the faith of this hour, the faith. It's going to take more faith than ever was in any age for this has to be rapturing faith be taken up." And so we want you to believe tonight in all that you have seen heard the word that you have heard preached, the signs and wonders that you have seen. We want you to accumulate all that together in your heart and consider it whether if that be God or not. A and so I want to to to take that as my inspiration right there that we want to I'm not I'm not trying to express anything that's new to you. you you're familiar with these things, but I want to accumulate it all together tonight. I just want to look at what we've seen, the word we've heard, accumulate that all together in our heart because it's going to take a special kind of faith. It's going to take a special kind of confidence to take this rapture, a rapturing faith, a rapturing confidence. It's going and and if we look and we accumulate all these things together of what God's been doing, it'll affect your faith. And I want to look at uh for a sermon title tonight. I want to speak on the grace of vindication. The grace of vindication. Now uh if we if we see here in uh Revelations chapter 1:14, we see that that John he seen that angel standing there and he seen he he looked and it was one walking among the candlesticks and he realized that this was the the son of man and and he was clothed with with a white wig, a white wig of authority. and and and you know, brother Brandham, I was I was reading here and in the in the sermon of the of uh spiritual food in due season, and he was talking about how he didn't know what that was, and he just really wasn't sure. And you know what? He didn't just make something up. You see, the prophet had a special school that he went to, very special kind of a school that went to where he learned these things. And and uh I uh if you have that first slide there, I have the quote here. I'm going to try and get a few of these up tonight. But brother says here, uh, so you see, I had no way of learning from any school, but I, oh, I love that school I went to. Oh, back out yonder in a little cave somewhere, my hands up to God day in and day out like that when the Holy Spirit come down in his sweetness and began to reveal himself and saying, "Thus is thus, and thus is thus." Amen. It's quite a school to go to. Amen. You see, the prophet of God didn't preach these things just by his intellect. He didn't just preach them because, well, I don't know, maybe I'll preach this or this will be my best guess or this is what Jack Moore said. No, he didn't preach it that way. He went down and he waited until the Lord began to reveal it. And he said he in this spiritual food and due season he was talking about, he says, "Oh Lord, I've got a responsibility before the people. What is this w white white one that's standing there when how do I express this?" And he was trying to understand it. And as he was praying about it, then he said, "I looked up and standing before me there stood a man and he was a judge and he had a white wig on and and the Lord begins to give him a visitation by a vision to show him what this is." And so then he stands up and he tells the people, "I know what it is. I know what it's about." And he tells them it was it was a white wig of authority. Now, he didn't know that until the Lord revealed it to him. But you see the sincerity he had. He said, "Lord, I've got a responsibility to the people." Oh, and he was faithful to that responsibility. He didn't just tell us something because somebody else said so. He told us when the Lord revealed it to him. And you can f look at this in many different places. Uh he talked about how for years he didn't even preach about hell because he wasn't sure how it fit in. Amen. Waited until the Lord revealed it to him. But as the Lord would reveal it to him, then he could preach it. And so I'm showing you this to show you that we have a courage. We have a confidence. We have a trust. We can have a faith in the word we've received because it's been vindicated by supreme authority. The word that we have, it's not just the words of a man, but it's the word of God. And and now we can see thoroughly the vindication of this message of the hour that we have. Now the word vindication, it's used in a court case. And let's say that uh Levi and Hudson here, come here. So, we have a court case and and we're over here and and the the the the the defendant comes up and and he says, "Now, you're the defendant today." Okay? You are guilty of uh punching Tarsa. All right? And you were the one who did it. You're the one who punched her. And we're going to We know that it was a Wednesday night about uh 7:45 and and you were over there hitting Tiraza. And so that's the accusation. But then somebody will come up and be like, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I was there at 7:45 on a Wednesday night and Tears was in the back of the building. Levi was in the front of the building. He didn't do it. He's not guilty." And so when it's cleared and and maybe they pull up the live stream and they're like, "Okay, watch 7:45. You see this right here? See? See? He never did it. She was back there." Ah, okay. Well, he's been vindicated to have been innocent. Amen. he's been vindicated that he didn't do it. Or he could he could make a statement. He could make a claim and say, "Hey, listen. I was not the one who did that." And he makes his claim, but then when when when the case comes together and it's proved out that he didn't do it, now his word's been vindicated or proved to be right. And your word was able to be a witness to testify that he wasn't guilty. And now he's been vindicated that he didn't do it, which is a good thing in this case. and thanks. So vindication is used in a court case many times to show somebody's what they did or didn't do and and that they were vindicated to be in the right. And it's also word used in the in the context of of just showing that something is is reasonable or something is justified. Uh you know they were vindicated in their action that that was the right decision to make. So it's showing that something is right. Now what what is right and wrong? What is truth? What what is that? Well, it comes from supreme authority or the sovereign God. And and and I want to look at how God has ma given us evidences. He's given us proofs that his word is true. He's given us vindications. But God doesn't have to do anything. God God is not required to do anything. He is a sovereign God. And there's nobody that has can tell him how to do something or what to do or that he needs to do a certain thing. No, nobody can do that. And I'm just going to go through a string of quotes here showing the sovereignty of God. And so we're just going to go right through them here. Here in Jehovah Gyra, he says God doesn't have to explain nothing. He is God. He says God don't have to take back his word for nobody. God said how he would come and that's the way it'll come. See, God don't have to tell you everything. So, he don't even tell his prophets everything. He just does what he wants to do. He's God. But God don't have to do things the way you've been taught. He does it the way he says he will in the Bible. God has to keep his word. God doesn't have to heal to prove his power, but he has to heal to keep his word. That's right. God don't have to prove nothing. He's God. God was able to of these stones to raise children to Abraham. God don't have to come through your group or no other group. He is God. He does what he wants to and he will. Amen. Again, Lord God, let them know that the message of God don't have to come out of their organization or ranks. You raise what you want to do. You're God. Amen. Again, he said, uh, you who prophesies, tell us who hits you. The devil is the same one that said, come down off the cross and we'll believe you. God doesn't have to do anything to appease man. God doesn't clown for anybody. He's God and he doesn't have to. God is sovereign. Amen. Nobody can tell him what to do. Nobody can say, "Hey, I want you to prove it to me." Uh-uh. Wrong person. You're talking to the wrong person. God is sovereign. And sovereign means it can do whatever it wants to. And nobody can tell him that he can't do it. And therefore, by God's sovereignty, he has a grace. He has a sovereign grace for mankind. He can save whoever he wants to, no matter how sinful, no matter how terrible that person is. The sovereign God can come down with sovereign grace and say, "I'm choosing that one to be my child." Sovereign grace is from a sovereign ones and it can do anything it wants to because it's sovereign. So when God speaks, it is the truth. Does anybody want to argue that point? When God speaks, it's the truth. When he says, "Let there be light," there's going to be light. When he says, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars," they're going to be there. When he says, "My word was sent to heal your diseases," well, that's what it's going to do. When God says something, it stands true. There is no question about that. It is the truth. And he doesn't have to prove it to anybody. God now, God could just speak it and let it stand. believe it or not, take it or not, like it or not, it's still the truth. But but that's not how God does it. He speaks it. And you know, I I tend to be a little bit this way with uh you know, with my children because I'm like, you know, you got to learn sometime or other. And so I'll tell them, hey, listen, you know, the the stove's hot. And they can either believe me or not. And you know what happens if they don't believe me? They find out I was right, but they find out the hard way. And I can lean a little bit into that because I'm like, "Hey, you know, at some point you got to learn to believe what I'm telling you." And God could just let it be that way. Tell you, "Hey, hell's hot and don't go there." And then just leave it to you to figure out. But you know what? He doesn't do it that way. God could send a messenger without vindicating him, without proving him. Just send the messenger. the messenger would speak the word of God and it would be the truth and that would be it. Just take it or leave it. But God doesn't do it that way. Why? Why? Why is it that God would spend all this time to vindicate or prove that this was a messenger from him? It's called grace. It's the goodness of God, the kindness of God that vindicates his word and proves it to be the truth so that you can have faith to believe it. You look in uh Exodus chapter 4 and 21, the Lord comes to Moses and and he he said, "Listen, uh go into Egypt and Pharaoh's not going to listen to you. He's going to harden your heart and and you're going to say these things to to Pharaoh. Let my people go and even my firstborn." In Exodus 4:23, "And I said unto them, let my son go that he may serve me. And if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn." This is before anything's happened. This is just right at the beginning. listen. You're going to go in there. He's going to harden his heart. He's not going to listen. Tell him if he doesn't listen, he's going to lose his firstborn. All right? And so we God already knew the end of the story. God already knew what was going to get his attention. God knew what was going to be the final plague that would get a hold of him and and he would believe it. So why didn't God just start out with the 10th plague? Just get it over with. Well, for one thing, if Moses had walked out of the wilderness and he'd just come out of there, he say, "Listen, kill a lamb and put blood all over your house." Like, what? What happened to that guy? You know, Levi, you got to do this. You got to go and kill a kill a lamb and put blood all over your door. And you're like, "My dad's going to kill me. What about the death angel? I don't know. Like, I can't do this. Like, this is a terrible idea." But after God had began to vindicate, I think it was the first three or four plagues also were in Gan. And the children of Israel began to see when that man speaks, something happens. When that man speaks, there's frogs. When that man speaks, there's blood. When that man speaks, there's there's there's all these plagues are happening. And then God put a separation between Goan and Pharaoh. And they began to witness the power of God. They began to witness that when Moses said something, come on, there's a reality behind it. And so when Moses walks up and says, "Listen, you either put blood on your door or you die." He says, "I'm putting blood on the door." Because the prophet had been vindicated. Oh, the grace of God that vindicates his word so that the people will believe it because to refuse it is death. And so God by his grace vindicates it to them so that they will recognize that word. That's right. You know, everybody believed Noah's message after the rain started. Yeah, that's right. The vindication of Noah's message was rain falling down and flood waters rising. But at that hour, when they recognized it, it was too late to receive it. Amen. The door had already been closed. It's the grace of God that vindicates his word to you so that you can receive it in the hour that you're living in. the Lord. Look at the let's look at the story of Gideon here. Uh it's one of the more compelling stories I can see of vindication. And God comes to Gideon and he says, you know, thou mighty man of valor. He says, uh me. He's like, yes, you. And and uh they begin to have this discussion and he says, well, Lord, if you're really with us, you know, if if you're really here, then then give me a a sign. Give me some vindication. He said, "All right." Uh, and he goes and he gets some food together and he makes a sacrifice and he sets it all in order and he and fire comes down and consumes it and the angel disappears which was the angel of the Lord. It was the Lord himself standing there talking to Gideon and and Gideon's saying, you know, if the Lord be with us, then where are the miracles? He's talking to him face to face and and he says, "Show me a sign that thou talkest to me." And and God answers him. God gives him a vindication that it's really him that's speaking to him. And so the and it says the Lord there there rose fire out of the rock and consume the flesh and the cakes and then the angel of the Lord departed out of his side. Now God told Gideon what to do. God told him you're going to go you're going to defeat the Midionites. You're going to overcome. Gave him all of these things. But now look here in Gideon or in Judges chapter 6 and 36. And I see something that's so uh typical of human nature. says in Judges 6:36, "And Gideon said unto God, if thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said, this is after he's got a bunch of people gathered around him. He's got all these people gathering together for war. He says, "Are you going to do what you said you would do?" Now, he know he's talking to God. He's having a conversation with God and he's saying, "Are you going to do what you said you would do?" That's a self-answering question. God, are you going to do what you said you would do? Well, you're talking to God. So, the answer is yes. God does what he says. But Gideon says, "If you will do what you said you will do," verse 37, "Behold, I will put a fleece of wool on the floor. And if the dew be on the fleece only, and it be dry upon all the earth, besides, then shall I know." Oh, if you know, I know you said it, but if you let the wool be wet, then I'll believe. Why? Why would he have to do that? What an insult back to God. I know you said it, but I want to see a piece of cloth get wet. Then I shall know that thou shalt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said. What an insult back to God. And you know what? God did it. Why grace? The grace of God vindicated his word back to his servant again so that he would encourage his faith to believe. And you know what happened? He said, "Uh, Lord, can you do it again?" If you were talking to me, you know, if if I was talking to to to Josiah back there and I said, "Joseiah, I've got my schedule. I got my tickets. I'm going to be flying up to to Virginia here and I'm going to be coming on the first of the month and I'm going to be headed up there. He's like, "All right, good. Good. We'll plan on having you there." So then a little bit later, you know, a few days go by, he calls me up. Hey, uh, are you coming like you said you were going to come? Like, yeah, I'm coming. Okay, just checking. Hang up again. You know, a couple days go by and he he calls me up. Hey, uh, remember you said you were coming, then you said you were going to come. Um, could you send me a plane ticket to prove it? I would be getting very annoyed. I be like, "Um, okay, sure. Here you go." You know, and then the day comes that I'm I'm driving to the airport and I get to the airport and I'm I'm fixing to board my plane. He's like calls, "Hey, uh, I know you said you're going to come. You sent that itinerary. You sent all that stuff, but could you maybe send a picture that you're getting on the plane or something so I really know you're going to do it and you're not lying?" I wouldn't send the picture. I wouldn't do it. I'd be like, if you're not going to believe me, then like, what's the point of all of this? That's right. But God has a grace to confirm again and again and again his word. And he'll show it by proof after proof by proof after proof by vindication after vindication so that you have not the tiniest shadow of a doubt. And you know, now I would be frustrated. You could exhaust my grace very easily, but the grace of God is so incredible that it comes and it vindicates the word again and again and again to you so that you can believe what he said. And and we would look at Gideon, we just say, "This is ridiculous. How could the man think this way?" Can you imagine saying such a thing to God when he said, "With his stripes, you are healed." Then you say, "Now I know you said that, but if you're going to do that, then I want such and such to come up to me and say a certain thing." Well, isn't that true how we do it? Don't we to go ahead and make it like Gideon? We say, "God, I know you said this and I know you said in Hebrews the in Isaiah 53, with your stripes we are healed. But if you really mean it, then have such and such happen." You know, God don't have to do nothing. But you know how many times he's answered a prayer like that and in his kindness, in his grace, vindicated his word and shown to you a promise. A and we we know in the word, we know by God's promise, he says, "I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as thy soul prosperth." Praise the Lord. And yet after knowing the word, knowing what he said, we oftenimes look for another vindication, another proof that God actually meant what he said. Amen. Well, friends, we don't have to look for that. If God said it, it stands true. We don't have to look for that. But if God in his grace comes down and gives you another little vindication in your heart or in your life, you should be so thankful for his grace that would do that. We know he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. We know that there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. And so therefore, I say to you, don't stand there and say, "God, if you've really forgiven me, would you let such and such happen? If you've really forgiven me, would you let a certain thing happen?" You know what? He doesn't have to do it. His word stands true. But in his grace, how many times has he answered a prayer like that and given you a vindication that he really meant what he said? The scripture says, "The chastisement of our peace was laid upon him." And it says, "The peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and your minds through Christ." We have these promises. We don't have to wonder, "Is he actually going to give you peace? Is he actually going to give you a peace that passes all understanding? Will he really do what he said he will do?" The answer is yes. He will do what he said he will do. But yet in his grace, somebody will come through the prayer line and they're wondering, "Will you really give me peace?" And God in his grace will speak into that life a word of peace because of his love, because of his kindness, because of his grace. Amen. You know what grace comes from? Love. Praise the Lord. Oh, we know that he said, "The works that I do shall ye do also." He We know that he said, "If you ask the father anything in my name, I it shall be given to you." We know he said, "If you shall speak to this mountain and don't doubt in your heart, it would be moved." We know that's the word of God. Yet many times we just want a little bit extra to encourage our faith. It should not have to be that way. But you know what? In God's grace, time and again, he comes down and he gives us just a little bit more encouragement, just a little bit more to bolster our faith. It's the grace of God that does that. Praise the Lord. Oh, so Gideon, he finally gets enough courage together that God's really going to do what he said that he would do. And and God was gracious to Gideon in doing that. He didn't have to vindicate his word to Gideon, but he did, not once, but twice. And then he tells him, "If you're still afraid, if you're still a little bit nervous, then go down and listen at the enemy camp." And you know what? He said, "Okay, I'll go do that cuz yeah, I'm actually still a little bit afraid that maybe it's not going to work out." So, he goes down there. He gets down right into the enemy camp, sneaks down there with his servant. He's listening in what's going on. And he hears one of them have a nightmare of a dream of a of a barley loaf rolling down the hill and destruction coming. And the other one gets up and by spiritual interpretation begins to say, "That's nothing less than Gideon. Gideon's coming to destroy everybody." And finally he gets enough courage up. He runs back and he grabs his sword and he says, "Come on you 300. We're going to go and defeat the enemy because God said so." Finally he had enough courage. That was the grace of God to do that to Gideon. And friends, if we could just recognize sometimes where the enemy's at, if we could recognize the position he's in, it would actually really encourage us because we know God promised these things. And you know who else knows it? The devil. And the devil is absolutely terrified. Put up that next quote there. He says, "That little lady sitting right here." Second one on the right back there. She's bothered with nervousness, too. Isn't that right, lady? See what I mean? This demon knows if that woman will halfway believe that Jesus Christ, the son of God, and I'm his prophet, that'll have to leave her. And that demon was calling to that one for help. For help to accumulate unbelief. But he's lost the battle. Sure he has. faith is gathering. Oh, that gathering of faith. And when that faith began to gather, the demons began to scream out because they were losing their grip. They were losing their hold on the people. Now, I'm not a prophet. I can't see into that dimension. I can't hear into that dimension. But I have a prophet who's standing there telling us the devil was screaming out because that woman was beginning to halfway believe. Oh friends, if that doesn't give you enough courage, you say, "I don't know if I've got enough faith." Well, just how about get some halfway faith and the devil will be screaming for mercy. Here again, another place he says, uh, nervousness is nothing for God to heal, lady. He says, you believe he will heal nervous condition. There's just a whole group of this people suffering with that same thing. How many out there suffering with nervous condition? Hold your hand. See what I mean? There's too many to call, but them demons are calling one to another. Black streaks running everywhere. The devil knows he's defeated. Amen. Demons crying out in terror, in fear, knowing they're defeated, knowing they're powerless, knowing they're nothing but a bluff. Hearing that preaching of the word, they're scared to death. Friends, that ought to give us the courage that Gideon had to grab his sword and say, "There might be 100,000 of them, but God said we're going to win. Let's go forth the battle." God is gracious to vindicate his word to our hearts to give us that faith to believe what he said. Amen. And you look at the story of of Jonah. Jonah could have just been there one day and said, "Lord, what was that?" Oh, yes. I'll I'll send a message to Nineveh. Write it down. All right. Repent, perish. Done. I'll send it in the mail. And you know, they can either believe it or not. King of Nineveh opens a letter. Repent or perish. It'll be destroyed. Throw it in the trash can and they all perish. God could have done that. He would have sent the warning. He would have sent the warning. They refused the warning. They received the judgment. End of story. God could have done it that way. But you know what he did instead? He came down and he got a man and he put him inside the fish which was their god. And that fish came rolling up to the dock, licked out his tongue. The prophet walked out and he says, "You repent or you perish." And the entire city repented. Why? Because it was coming by a vindication to them that God was speaking. If God would do that for a bunch of heathens in Nineveh, oh, you talk about grace. God is not willing that any should perish. Now, the devil, he tries to paint this picture that that God is is sitting on a throne of judgment and he's just watching your life and he's like, "Oh, if brother Amos could just make a mistake, I'll I'll X him off and and just waiting, just watching." That's not how God is. Amen. God's not just sitting there. Oh, hey. Oh, yep. Yep. Yep. They're getting that. They're getting that and twisted up. They missed it. They missed the inspiration. I can cross them off the list. They're missing the the inspiration of the word. God's not trying to trick you up. God's not trying to mess you up. Not just looking for a chance to cross you off the list. No. The Bible says he is sitting on a throne of grace. And he's just waiting for somebody to ask for mercy and grace. He's just waiting for somebody to ask for help. And he'll help them. And he's not going he's not looking for a a chance to cross their name off of a list. He's actually written a list. And it's the list called the Lamb's Book of Life. And he wrote that list so nobody could be taken off of it so that he knew that they were safe and secure. Hallelujah. Heavens and earth will pass away, but not one name that's on that book will ever pass away. Amen. You look at the the story of Elijah and how he comes up and he says, "Listen, it's not going to rain until I call for it." They probably just laughed at him. He walked back out. Nobody really paid him much mind. Sure. But you know what? First week came, there's no rain. Second week, third week, second month, second year, sec like they started to recognize what happened. What changed? Well, there was that man called Elijah. He said it wasn't going to rain. It hasn't rained since he said. There hasn't even been a drop of dew on the grass since he spoke it. Wow. And they began to recognize there's something about that man. And so after I think it was three and a half years of no rain, they began to say, "Hey, who was that man? Let's find that man. There's a power in his words. There's something about it." And he meets up with the king and he says, "You get the entire people of Israel together and you get all the prophets together and you meet me on Mount Carmel." And you know what the king did? He said, "We'll be there." Why? They began to recognize there was a vindicated voice in the land and he gathered them together and and they had their showdown on Mount Carmel and God vindicated his prophet by fire coming down and consuming the sacrifice. He vindicated it after it was soaking wet so that it was not no trick of man. It was in such a way that they would know it was supernatural. Amen. That is the grace of God to vindicate it so that the people would recognize and that grace that vindication turned the hearts of the people back to the faith. Now that's the same thing we see happening in this hour. God vindicating a word to turn the hearts of the people. Amen. Brother R talks about what's the attraction on the mountain. He says they're all looking over there and he says, "Not even dew will fall until I call for it." And they're like, "Oh, that's bunch of fanaticism." And they say, "What's taking the He's taking the place of God with such things as halos and shadows and all they talk about and and hear all that old fanatic standing there up on the hill bringing all these people out there." What was that attraction? It was God fixing to vindicate his prophet to be right. It was God fulfilling prophecy. God also making history, fulfilling the word. Amen. The vindicated word came to that prophet and he began to speak and it was so. And you know what? It hadn't rained for three and a half years. And and after all that, they'd seen it. They'd recognize it. He says, "Listen, it's going to rain." And he goes over and he begins to pray. He cast himself. He has pray. Tells the servant, "Go look." The servant went and looked. I don't see anything. He go look again. Go look again. Go look again. He's sitting there. He's calling out for rain. And he tells him, "Go look. there's gonna be a cloud. You keep looking. You keep looking. And then he sees a cloud just the size of a man in his hand. He jumps up and he tells Elisha or he tells Ahab, he says, "You take off. You head for that city as fast as you can go." He says, "I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. The rain's going to pour down. You better get ahead of it." And he takes off running all off of just the sign of one little cloud. You see, that cloud was the vindication that what that man had said. He says, "It won't rain until I call for it." And here is a vindication that what he said was true. And in this hour, the prophet of God had a cloud that came down on Sunset Mountain, which was the Lord himself, Jesus Christ, clothed in angel's uh wings. And he tells him, listen, what my word says is truth. And it was vindication by a cloud that the prophet's word was true. Oh, and then rising of the sun, the prophet says, "And they didn't know what that was up there, but we know, just look this away. It's our Lord up there." You see, he's the one who opened those seals. Just turn the picture from this away, the way they had it, to this away. That's the way it's supposed to be. Can you see it? He is supreme judge. That's that whitewig one. And there is no un other but him. And that is a perfect identification again, a vindication. This me that this message is the truth. This is the truth. It's true. and making him not a third person but the only person. That cloud that people don't like, that people criticize, that people mock, it is the vindication of this message. Why? Because it's Christ himself coming in a cloud declaring and it was he that gave us this word. This word was coming from Christ himself, which is vindication. It's proof. Now, God didn't have to send a cloud to to vindicate. He didn't have to send a cloud to prove he did because he promised he would. But he didn't have to do these things to to try and convince people his grace. You know, they didn't have to take the picture of it. They didn't have to take the picture in the the coliseum, Sam Houston Coliseum. They didn't have to take the picture in the Sunset Mountain. But God was so gracious to allow that picture to be taken so that we could see it. so that we could see the vindication and have just that much more courage, that much more faith to believe that what God said he would do, he would do. That's good. John the Baptist comes out and he's telling them the hour has arrived and and this is the hour that the Messiah is here and the lamb of God and all these different things and and nobody Why would they believe him? They didn't understand what was going on. And and there he was standing there saying, "Listen, it's in the scripture. There's prophecies speaking of one crying in the wilderness. Listen, there's scriptures that Malachi said he would send a messenger and he would be crying out, remember the voice in the desert crying out, prepare the way of the Lord. He says, that's who it is. And he says, do you know this fulfills prophecy? Prophecy was being fulfilled. And Abraham says here, "And about that same time, the prophet turned and said, behold, there comes the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Now, what's the attraction? It changed from the prophet to his prophecy. Amen. That transition, that change that went from the prophet to his prophecy. Now, there was people that continued to follow John, but there was a certain people that recognized the cha transition from the prophet to his prophecy being manifested. And the same thing happens all over the world. There's there's those that, you know, Christ was there on the cross being crucified and they're there still they're quoting Moses. They're quoting the prophecies and there's the one dying on the cross and and and they they didn't understand how it could be that that that naked man out there beaten beyond recognition, bleeding that that was the one that was the answer to all the prophet's prophecies. They didn't understand that that was the fulfillment of every sacrifice. They failed to recognize the vindicated word in their midst. Christ was vindicated. Oh, Christ was vindicated so clearly, so perfectly according to the word. But because it didn't fit their program, they crucified and rejected the very fulfillment of prophecy. Abraham talks about he said he was the high priest. The Bible said that's the reason he prophesied not knowing what he was saying. But did he he realized the real truth of it that he was sacrificing the very god that he claimed to be the high priest of? Amen. how they didn't recognize the vindication. They didn't recognize that word that was being fulfilled. They didn't recognize their day and its message. You must recognize the manifestation of the word, the prophecy becoming reality. If you fail to recognize that, you you you've missed the whole thing. Amen. You see there? And Jesus, he he opens up that book and he opens to the scripture and he says, "The spirit of God is upon me. The spirit of the Lord has anointed me." He opened the book, found the place that was written of him. And he began to preach that acceptable year of the Lord that this is what's going on. I am the fulfillment of this word. And they didn't accept it. They didn't believe it. They they tried to stone him. Why? because they'd made the commandments of God of non effect by their traditions. They said, "No, it's going to be this way. It's got to be this way. If if this is going to happen, if I'm going to accept this, then it's going to have to come this way." No. God's going to come the way he said he would come. He'll come according to prophecy. He'll come according to his word, not your opinion. Amen. Scripture says, "The people drew nigh unto God with their lips, but their heart was far from him." Amen. See, they they honor the memory of of what God did and yet dishonor the person that's there in their midst. And that's the nature of man. He remembers what God did. He's looking forward to what God's going to do and totally ignores what God's doing right now. And and and and I say that that, you know, that's the nature of man. And I believe that we need to be careful not to stand and look back to what God did in brother Brandham's day and say, "Oh, look at the vindication. Look what God did. Look at all these things." And fail to recognize the reality of that message right now amongst our lives. You see how we say, "Oh, but we're honoring the prophet and that's good. That's wonderful. But how much more of an honor would it be just to actually believe what he said?" Amen. If we were to go to the to the grave in in Jerusalem and stand there at the grave and and honor where Jesus was and go to the Sea of Galilee and honor where he was and and go to Nazareth and say this is where he was. That's good. I'd love to do that. Never had the chance. But we could go there and we could say this is where he was. And that's nice. Yeah. And yet, how many of the millions of people that go to honor where he was fail to recognize where he is? Amen. Oh, how much more of is it, you know, to to recognize where he is, to know that that beyond that that grave is empty by infallible proofs of the resurrection to say he's here, not somewhere else, not back in history, but he's the God of right now. He's the God of reality. You say, "Well, where is Christ?" Well, Brother Ram says in the token message there, uh, he said, uh, we're not to come together to talk about the message. We're to come together to get in the message. And the message is Christ. He is the word. That's right. And we're to get into it. Get beneath it. So where is Christ? Well, you say, "Well, he was in Galilee. Yes, he was in Nazareth. Yes, he was in Isaiah the prophet. Yes, he was in Bethlehem. Yes, he was in John the Baptist. Yes. But where is he right now? He is in the word for this hour. The message is Christ." And when you get this message inside of you, then you become deity incarnate. You say, "Whoa, whoa, wait, wait. You know, I thought you were talking like if I'm going to become a Christian, if I'm going to be Well, how can you serve God outside of the word that's revealed in your hour?" You say, "Oh, I'm going to be a Christian and I'm going to be like Martin Luther won't work. Christ is not there right now." You got to come under that bloody bleeding word of the message of your hour and serve God according to the word for your day. Amen. That's good. hearing token message or know trying to do God's service without being his will. He says, "And before they went into this land, before they entered, Moses said, "Now the words that I have spoken to you, I call heaven and earth to witness against you. If you add one thing to it or take one word from it, you'll not stay in the land where the Lord God gives you. So say I, in the name of Jesus Christ, don't you add one thing, don't take put your own ideas to it. You just say what is said on those tapes. You just do exactly what the Lord God has commanded you to do. Don't add to it. That's right. Now, I want you to notice the pattern. You say what is on those tapes. And then he says, you do exactly what the Lord told you to do. Say and then do. Now, a lot of people just want to apply that to preachers, that quote. And and you know, it's a good quote for preachers. But did you know every mother is a preacher? You say, "Oh, well that's for preachers." Yes, but it's for you. When you're at work, when you're out rubbing shoulders with the world, your life is preaching a message. Your life is preaching a sermon that the people are watching. You are a living epistle that's being read of all men. And I say you should never preach anything but what that prophet has said. You should not say, "Well, you know, I know the message is it says this, but here's how I'm going to live." Now, you're preaching something that he didn't preach. You say, "Well, I know the prophet said this, but I'm going to do No, he said you say and you do. Don't change it. Don't rearrange it." And and don't just put that off to somebody else. Your life, your testimony needs to be preaching what the prophet preached. Needs to be saying what the prophet said. A and by and by that I don't just mean like when you're having a conversation around the kitchen dinner table or something and talking about the message. No, no, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about your life. I'm talking about when you come up against something, when your when your children are struggling with the world and and you've got lost loved ones and you've got these problems, what are your confession? What are you going to say? The scripture says in Isaiah 65, they shall build houses, speaking of the millennium, they shall build houses and inhabit them, and they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them. Who's that talking about? Well, in the millennium, they're going to do these things. Well, who's going to be in the millennium? Well, the bride of Jesus Christ is. So, I can look at Isaiah 65:21 and say, "That's me. That's my promise. That's my reality. I'm going to build houses and inhabit them. And I'm going to plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them. They shall not build in another inhabit. They shall not plant in another eat. For as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands." Who is this that's going to enjoy the work of their hands? Well, that's me. That millennium is for me. Isaiah 65:23, "They shall not labor in vain, nor bring forth for trouble, for they are the seed of the blessed of the Lord and their offspring with them." Amen. Millennium, the bride, me and my children there, too. That is directly a promise from the word of God, and I believe it with all my heart. The prophet of God says, he says about that scripture verse, he says, "The Lord will save your children." He says, "If you've got," he says, uh, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou and thy household shall be saved. If you've got faith enough for your own self to be saved, have faith enough, no matter how weward that boy or that girl is, they'll be saved anyhow." And then he goes on to say that they they'll be in that land and their offspring shall be with them. Do you believe that? Is that what a prophet said? Yes, it is. Then don't you ever confess anything else, but that my children are going to be there with me. Amen. What does the message say about you? Does it say you're a miserable failure? Or does it say you are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God? What does the message say about your life? What does it say about your situation? And don't you ever confess anything else. Don't you ever confess that I'm worthless, that I'm no good? That I'm a failure. You confess what the word says. You speak what this says over your life. Don't you ever say anything else. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. He by his grace and his love has looked at you and said, "She is virtuous. She is pure. She has come under that blood sacrifice. She's standing under that word." And I look at her and I say, "She's justified. She never did it in the first place." That's the grace of God. That's the message of the hour. Don't you ever speak anything contrary to that. I believe that same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that's got the Holy Ghost. That's right. Men and women, it's time we found out who we are. The devil's trying to hold you back and tell you you're some little cow down something. You're not. You're sons and daughters of God. The deity is not in heaven. It is in you. Amen. Amen. Now, what are you gonna say to that? You gonna say, "But Lord, if it really is, I've got a fleece." If it Well, You know, if you really need it, God might be that gracious to you. But friends, if this message said that the deity isn't in heaven, it's in you. Then you need to wake up in the morning looking in the mirror and say, "Deity is tabernacled inside that clay. I might not see it. I might not recognize it, but the word of God declares it." And that's what I'm going to speak. I don't care how sickly I feel. I don't care how miserable or downtrodden I'm feeling right now. Deity is dwelling within me. It's not up in heaven. For all that was in God, he poured into Christ. All that was in Christ, he poured into the church and I'm a part of that body. Oh, he said in his word that she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, spirit of his spirit, power of his power. That's what the message speaks of you. That's the description it gives of you. So, what are you going to call yourself? Well, you're going to say what he said. Are you going to say, well, you know, I'm I'm such a terrible person. I'm a failure. I'm all these things. When he says, "I'm not going to call you a church anymore. I'm going to call you bride." Are you going to make that confession? I ask you, "What's your name? What's your identification?" You can say with a confidence by a message of the hour that you have received, I'm bride. That message was sent to me. That was my word. That was the message of the hour for me. And that's what I'm identified under. Amen. Oh, John. He told him to take the little book and eat it up. Well, who's going to do that? Well, that's me. Amen. I'm going to receive the word for this hour. I'm going to eat it up. I'm going to become one with this message. Who is it that's going to fulfill these pro these promises speaking of this last day bride? Well, I look at that and I say, "That's for me because I've received this last day message." He said he promised us a full square meal of the full seven course menu of all seven for all seven seals are opened and everything's ready for the word of God to those who can receive. When I see that, I don't just say to those who can receive. I say to me because I've received it. There's a full seven course menu of the word of God that has vitamins in it that'll transform this mortal body and take me into a body change. There is a full seven course meal and it's got things inside of it that will take care of lukewarm leodysian backsliden conditions. It'll take care of sickness in your body. It'll take care of everything that you have because it's Christ. It's Christ the word being expressed in this hour. That's right. He said recognizing your day in its message, he was seeing that preview of the bride. And as he watched it, he looked out and he seen the fallenness. He seen the destruction. He seen the the sin running rampant through the churches. And he was so discouraged. He says, "And then I heard something say, the bride will come into preview again." And hear the bride come behind her, the very same looking bride that passed at the beginning. Then my heart jumped for joy to know that there will be a bride. I don't care how dark it looks. I don't care how much sin is running through the churches. I don't care what I see. I have a prophet who told me there will be a bride. He's seen the vision. He's seen her. And there's nothing that can stop a vision from coming to pass. And I know by prophecy there will be a bride. Therefore, I don't confess my feelings. I don't confess what I would see with my natural eye. I confess the word of God. There will be a bride and she won't just be coming by the skin of her teeth. She will be an invincible army. She will be pure and spotless. A glorious church for my Lord Jesus Christ and I'm a part of it. Oh, what do you say when you feel sickness in your body? What do you say when you feel all of these things? Do you say, "Well, Lord, you know, I'd believe your word if such and such." Well, friends, we have received a message that's been thoroughly vindicated. We have so many vindications of this word. We have uh hh uh how many times do we look at when uh the the the sign of the Messiah, the discerning of the hearts. Not one time like he did to Nathaniel and told him your name is Nathaniel and and Philip called you under the tree. Not just one time, but hundreds upon hundreds of times. We have recorded on tape the vindication of God through the sign of the Messiah showing that this message is true. Amen. So what more do you need to believe what a prophet said? And a prophet said, "Jesus died to heal us." Every one of you is healed. Every one of you is healed right now. Jesus has healed you. You just have to confess it and believe it. That's right. By his stripes, you were past tense healed. That's what he did at Calvary. Amen. So, what about it? Are you sick or are you healed? by the word of God, you are healed. And don't you ever confess anything contrary to that. I don't care how miserable you might be feeling in your body. And you can, somebody could ask you, "Hey, how you feeling?" Well, you know, I might not feel good, but he said, "I'm healed." And that's a reality that's beyond any reality of my personal experience. Amen. You know, I last year at at the tent meetings you guys put together here, I got to step into a confession I'd been confessing for months that God had healed me of migraines. But as I walked into that meeting that night, came up to that prayer line just to help out, not to be prayed for, God completely healed me of those migraine headaches. And it was something that I walked into confessing the word. I was in the service that night with a pounding migraine, but believing God's word said, "By my stripes, you're healed." And I knew I felt miserable. I recognized I felt miserable. And I I I wasn't saying I didn't feel like that. Sure, I felt like that. But I said, "There's a reality that's greater than my feelings. There's a reality that's greater than my circumstances." And that's a promise of God that said, "By my stripes, you are healed." It might not have been easy, but that reality became personal to me. Amen. And I'm enjoying that reality. Amen. Praise the Lord. Prophet of God says in the countdown message, what are they doing? They are wrapped in Christ in rapturing works. No, no rapturing grace. Nothing they did themselves. You'll never put yourself in a rapture. But when you can have a faith in the grace of God, when you can believe that he actually chose you, rapturing grace, nothing they did in themselves. Christ took the uneducated, the foolish things of the world, wrapped his astronauts in it, and empowered them with the Holy Ghost to take off. So friends, I have received that message. I have received that word. I am wrapped in astronomy by a vindicated message, by a vindicated prophet, and I believe it. Amen. So I don't care what's going on in the world. I don't care how much chaos and destruction and confusion. I don't care how many things are pointing at the ends of times. I'm not worried about the end of times. I'm excited about the end of times. I'm not worried about wars and rumors of wars. I'm excited. I'm looking up cuz I know my redemption is drawing nigh. I recognize the hour I'm in. I recognize the message and it's told me that I'm empowered and that I'm wrapped in astronaut material and I'm ready to take off in that rapture because I've received that word. It's a good word. It's a good message and it's been vindicated. It's been proved beyond a shadow of a doubt time after time. Pillars of fire, pillars of cloud, we got prophecies. We got a pope over there from America. We got things we could go through for hours to vindicate that this word is the truth. Now, there's just one question like Gideon. Do you now believe? Do you believe the word? Do you believe the message? If you do, then Gideon, pick up your sword and go to battle. Gideon, if you actually believe that I said I would do what I said, then there's a time for action on your part. It's a time for you to go and possess the land that God promised you you could have. Amen. Amen. Just stand up tonight. Praise the Lord. How many here believe? I believe. Well, you know how you can believe? If you're a believer, if you're not a believer, you could never muster up no belief. But if there's something on the inside of you that God placed there from before the foundation of the world to believe the word of God, then it doesn't matter the circumstance. It doesn't matter if you're buried in the in a well's belly at the bottom of the sea. You can say, "Lord, I remember what your word said, and I'm going to look towards your holy temple." It doesn't matter the circumstance. If you're a believer, then there's something inside of you that just there's a deep call into the deep, and it won't let go. It stands and believes the word of God. Amen. And the beautiful thing is it meets the word of God meets the end time condition. The last day message meets the last day condition. And there's a lot of things going on. There's a lot of situations. There's a lot of circumstances in our life. And you know what? The word has the answer. It has the answer for our situation. And and and and it has a a a a ministry to minister to us for every circumstance, every situation. And so we can go to it when we have sickness and we can say, "Lord, what did you say?" And if you're a believer, you believe it. Amen. Oh, you might struggle. It might take you a little while. You know, Gideon was a believer. He struggled, but he was a believer. And you know what? That one little man once he finally got it, once he finally knew that God was talking to him personally, once he knew that it was Gideon, Gideon was going to go and defeat a 100,000 enemies. Gideon was the one called to do this. Once he finally caught the revelation, he was unstoppable. He was a part of that invincible army. [Music] I ask you, what else you waiting for? What are you waiting for to see the promises of God made reality in your life, in your situation, in your circumstance? God's done it. God's vindicated it. God's proved it. And I just pray tonight that the Holy Spirit would come down and with that quickening power, quicken that word in your heart and make it come into a reality. Make it come into a faith to believe that you are the one he's been talking to. What is this? Oh, wonderful. I am redeemed. Well, I'm bought with a price for Jesus. He's changed my whole life. [Music] And if anybody asks you just who I am, you can tell them that I am redeemed. I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. Oh Jesus has saved my whole life. [Music] And if anybody asks you just who I am, you tell them, "I am redeemed." You all remember the story of the the man who was to be executed and he received a little notice on a scrap piece of paper that said, "Pardon Abraham Lincoln." You know, he looked at the piece of paper. He looked at the circumstance. He says, "I don't believe it." But if he could have only recognized the vindication that was on that little scrap of paper, if he could have recognized that signature of supreme authority, that it was vindicated to be true. That one little word, pardoned, had been vindicated by the highest authority in the land. He'd have been saved. But you see, if you don't recognize the vindication, you miss the blessing that's available in that message. Receive it tonight. Receive the vindication of the word of God that's been given. It It came in kind of a funny way with the Kentucky Hillbilly, but friends, it had a signature. Had a signature of supreme authority. Let's just bow our heads tonight. Lord, how thankful we are just to your kindness and your patience with us humanity, Lord. Lord, how we struggle so often to believe, Lord. We struggle to to accept it, Lord. But you've been so gracious to vindicate your word beyond a shadow of a doubt, Lord. Lord, so there would not be any question left, Lord, that we could believe and we could accept it. And Father, I pray, Lord, that as your word was sent to heal, Lord, Lord, it was sent to heal marriages. It was sent to heal circumstances and situations in people's lives that are so broken and so messed up. Lord, you sent your word to heal sickness in the body. Lord, you sent your word to meet these endtime conditions. And Father, I pray that you would just help us tonight to accept and recognize this word, Lord, for our daily life situations, Lord, for those circumstances that we're dealing with, Lord. I'm asking that that word that was sent to heal would be received tonight, Lord. And I pray, Father, that we would recognize the vindication, Lord, the proof, the evidence that you really did say these things, Lord, and it's we can base our heart. We can rest our soul upon it, Lord, for it is the truth. Lord, I ask that this congregation tonight would just be blessed by your divine presence here among us in the name of Jesus Christ. May you grant it. Amen. Oh, heaven. I am redeemed. Oh, I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. Oh my Jesus has saved my whole life. And if anybody ask you just who I am, just tell them that I am redeemed. Sing it again. Oh yes, I am redeemed. I've been bought with the price. Jesus has changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody ask you just who I am or tell them I am redeemed. One more time now. Oh yes, I am redeemed. Are you thankful for that tonight? But with the price for Jesus, he changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody ask you just who I am, Lord, tell them that I am redeemed. Amen. Did you enjoy that message tonight? Amen. You got to recognize your position. Amen. While he was there uh talking this quote come to me, brother Brandham says, he goes, "If you are the bride, the bride is part of the husband." The only place that you'll ever recognize it is recognize what part that husband that word you are. Or you can't recognize being the bride. How many sees that? You have to recognize your position. And I believe there's a people here tonight that can say, "I have recognized my position." Amen. Are you thankful for that tonight? Amen. It's really, really good, Brother Zachary. We really appreciate that. Amen. Can we sing that song? He'll do it again for you. Amen. He'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take take a look at where you are now and where he's been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same God as them. [Music] Oh, you may not know how. Oh, you may not know when, but he'll do it again. Sing that again now. Oh, he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where he's been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same God as men. [Music] Oh, you may not know how, you may not know when, but he'll do it again. Now you may feel down, feel like God has somehow forgotten. That you are faced with circumstances that you can't get through. Oh, and right now it seems there's no way out. and you're going under. But God's proven time and time again, he'll take care of you. Oh, he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look. at where you are now and where you've been. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same now as the end. Oh, you may not know how, you may not know when, but he'll do it again. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. We want to keep Brother Zachary and the family in our prayers. Amen. They've uh they've been they're exhausted. They've had a long trip. Amen. But we pray that uh the Lord will just bless them. Brother Zachary is actually going to be with us this Sunday as well. So, let's just keep uh that in our prayers. Amen. We want to come expecting uh that God is going to come in our midst again. Amen. We want to keep uh Sister Jane in our prayers. Uh we want to keep uh Dad and Faith in our prayers that the Lord would just be with him. Amen. We want to um just keep each other in our prayers that the Lord would just just be with all of us and lead us and guide us. Amen. Maybe we could uh maybe ask brother Terry if he would dismiss us in a word of prayer. [Music]
