################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-28 - Evangelist Andrew Glover  The Peculiarity Of Light The Believer Walks In - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-28
Title:   Evangelist Andrew Glover  "The Peculiarity Of Light The Believer Walks In"
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP6v-SPYKjw
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] What's up? [Music] [Applause] [Music] How are you? [Music] Oh, how we long to worship you. Oh, hello here. How we long to worship you. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, [Music] Lord, we lift up holy hands. Oh lord. Oh l him. How we long to worship you, oh Elohim, [Music] how we long to worship you. Can we stand now? Oh Lord, we come to you in worship no matter what. the circumstance. No matter what the situation, [Music] Lord, we lift up of holy hands. Oh well. Oh l him. Now we long to worship you. Oh la Allah [Music] him how we long to worship you. Oh lord. [Music] Oh hello him. How we long to worship you, oh lord. Elim, how we long to worship you. Can we sing that verse again? Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstances, no matter what the situation, Lord, we lift up holy hands. Oh lord. Oh l him. Did you come to worship him? Oh, how we long to worship you. Oh well, oh hello here. How we long to worship you. Oh la him how we long to worship you. Oh, hello. [Music] Hello him. How we long to worship you. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand? Clap of praise this morning. Amen. No matter what the situation, no matter what your circumstance is, just worship him this morning. Amen. Man, it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Good to see all the smiling faces. Man, it's really good to have brother Andrew, sister Mariah with us. Amen. Malachi with us this morning. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would invite the Lord's presence. [Music] Amen. Do you believe you're rising up this morning? Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now, as I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand. Oh, the bride of Christ adorning her wedding gown. Oh, just like in the days of old. Oh, they stood encourageable. They turned this whole world upside down. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church right now. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. You see, demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sang and shout while surrounded by God's angel band. We're rising up. Oh, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, oh, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. We're rising up. Rising up. Oh, there's a new testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. We can't fail. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done. Oh, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days he'll pour of his spirit more and more like a mighty eagle. Your shrimp he'll renew. We're rising up. I'm a witness rising up. Oh, there's a new testament church tonight. Oh, this bride is rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Oh, there's a new testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a new test. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand and say, "We're rising up." Well, if you think it's all long and gone and the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, he said in the last days he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Oh, like a mighty eagle, my strength is renewed. We're rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church. Rise. I like this verse right here. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. You see, demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sang and shout while surrounded by God's angel band. Oh, rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. Brother Joe, [Music] glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, well, I am singing. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, since I've laid my old burdens down. Yes, I've been singing. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, oh, I've been walking. Oh, talking with Jesus. Oh, since I've laid my my burdens down. Oh, I've been walking. Oh, and talking with Jesus since I've laid my burdens down. Oh, I'm feeling better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I've laid my burdens down. Oh, I've been feeling. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I've laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I've laid my uh burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I've laid my burdens down, oh, I've been walking, talking with Jesus. Oh, since I played mine. Oh, burdens down. Well, now I've been walking and talking with Jesus since I've laid my burdens down. Amen. Have you laid your burdens down? Oh my. Amen. Way maker. [Music] You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you and you are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Sing it again. Oh, you are here. Moving in our midst. Lord, I worship you. I worship you. Oh, you are here. You're working in this place. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle work, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are here. You're touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. Lord, you are here. You're healing every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle work, promise keep, light in the darkness, my God, and that is who you are. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are here. You're turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. Oh, and you are here. You're mending every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. Can you worship him this morning? Oh, way maker, miracle worker, promise keep. &gt;&gt; Yeah, my God, that is who you are. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Amen. As they would just play softly now, do you believe him to be a way maker this morning? Amen. He's a miracle worker. He's a promisekeeper. Amen. As we go into prayer, we want to uh keep uh Steve in our prayers. Amen. I know most of us had the update there. So, we want to just keep him in our prayers that the Lord would just give him a full recovery. Amen. We want to keep uh Dallas in our prayers. It' be brother um Terry and Sister Alice's son. We want to keep him in our prayer. Sister Alice isn't feeling good this morning. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Sister Martha, Amen. Sister Crystal, that the Lord would just continue doing a work for them. Amen. Uh she's uh uh just uh she brother Mark said she's a little bit better this morning. Just still pretty weak. Uh Sister Crystal there. So let's just keep her in our prayers. Amen. We want to remember grandpa and grandma that the Lord would just uh be with them and be with grandma during this time. Amen. That the Lord would just give her a complete healing. Amen. And uh we want to pray for my brother Seth and his wife Becca. Amen. that the Lord would just uh uh be with them. Amen. They are needing to touch. Amen. His eyes are just uh keep getting worse. But we serve a God that's bigger than that. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. Maybe you could ask brother Josiah if he would come and lead us this morning. We want to remember brother Andrew that the Lord would just uh use him in a special way this morning. Amen. And I can truly say, Lord, speak to my heart this morning. Amen. [Music] It's all bow our heads. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you, Father. Lord, how thankful we are, Lord, for all the many blessings you've given us, Lord. Lord, for all that you've done for us, Father. Lord, you see the many needs we have amongst us, Lord, this morning, Father. how Satan's come and attacked us, Lord. But Lord, we serve a mighty God, Father. We ask you, Lord, to come down and move in such a mighty special way on each of these needs, Father. Lord, we how we love you and how we thank you, Father. And Lord, even in this storm, Lord, we're going to praise you through it, Father. We love you. We thank you, Father. We ask you, Lord, just to bless the man of God, Lord, as he comes this morning, Lord, just just help him to lay himself aside, Father, and just speak to us in such a mighty special way. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh now, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Amen. We ain't heard dad sing in a long time. So, I'm going to ask him if he would come and sing that sing a song for us as we sing that again. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] [Music] So, um, we'll try it. Amen. [Music] I think it's F. Start there. Are you weary in welloing? As you walk the road to New Jerusalem, are you trusting and believing? Looking any minute for the Lord to come? Well, do you see a lot of pleasantl looking faceted places where you'd gladly lay down and take a rest? Well, if you do take a look at all the faces there, the sadness will tell you that it's dead. Keep on walking. You don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. Oh, you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call to end it all. Keep on walking. [Music] Oh, keep on walking. Are you weary in welloing? [Music] looking any minute for the Lord to come. Are you trusting and believing [Music] looking any minute for your Lord to come? And do you see a lot of pleasantl looking places where you'd gladly lay down and take a rest? Well, if you do take a look at all the faces there, the sadness will tell you that it's death. church. Keep on walking. You don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. Oh, you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call. Oh, to end it all. Oh, keep on walking, church. Keep on walking. You don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. Oh, you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call to end it all. Keep on walking. Oh, keep on walking, bride. Keep on walking. [Music] Amen. Are you going to keep on walking? Amen. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nail scarred hands. [Applause] And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Now I've been walking through the valley. Oh, through this spell of tears and times I've even questioned. Oh, if my Lord was near and then at times that old tender, he says, "Why not turn around?" Oh, you can't get any further because you're just losing ground. But I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. Well, I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the D scar hands. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Now, would you mind to tell me? You see, there's been something bothering me. Oh, why is that old devil won't let God's children be? You see, is purposed and determined. Oh, to get right in the way. Oh, and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on. Oh, to the nail scarred hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Can we stand now? Oh, now would you mind to tell me there's been something bothering me? Oh, why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? But you see, he has purpose and determined. Oh, to get right in the way. Oh, and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown sound. I'll keep holding on to his nail scarred hand. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Sing the last lines. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll Well, are you determined on that? Oh, and I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Well, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be his holy name. Well, how many is glad you're a Christian? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, I uh I certainly am and um glad that I know the Lord and and uh that I know him not just as a savior, but as a healer, &gt;&gt; as a way maker and we've seen God do so many things and he he didn't have to do that, but he just shows his love to us and uh we're certainly glad for that. You can be seated for just a moment. Uh I uh just want to thank each and everyone for your prayers uh this week and uh we've had a lot to pray about and uh um sister Martha is home and um was able to get some much needed rest u there and at at home and so she was actually uh going to try to make it today but just real weak and so uh we're glad brother Tim was able to make it. And uh Sister Hannah uh is watching um standing with Sister Martha um for a few hours. And so we um uh glad that uh brother brother Tim was able to make it and and we want to just continue to keep praying for sister Martha and uh hopefully uh Lord willing she'll know have some results tomorrow of uh they've done that biopsy and uh wanting to uh so hopefully she'll have kind of the results of that uh sometime tomorrow and um and you know going to be uh looks like uh be facing surgery and uh and so it's going to be a real intent surgery, special surgery and um and so we just really want to keep them in prayer. I know brother Tim uh has also been, you know, uh got a lot on his plate, you know, concerned about his wife and uh then he's got his business and things to take care of. And uh so we want to just keep them both uh in our prayer and um and I know they really appreciate everything that you all have done, phone calls, the visits, the the offers of u food and whatever. And uh so uh uh they thank you and uh Sister Kim Brumfield and Steve want me to uh send their thanks again for your prayers. um he um must have uh stubbed his toe somehow and him being diabetic, he can't feel nothing. And so his uh his toe was red red and dark. And um so they told him yesterday that it was he's very fortunate that he came in today or last night. yesterday. They were at the ER all day and uh they were talking about maybe even him losing his toe and um but anyway, he's doing good. Uh they uh done a little uh took his toenail off this morning. Uh there's just just all infected in there and uh but it looks like uh he's going to be able to keep keep his toll and um so they are just pouring antibiotics in him. Um and uh they done that for 10 hours uh throughout the night and gave him another one just right when I left. And uh it's going to take two hours for that to get done. And so anyway, but it looks like he's going to be going home today. And so, uh, they're, you know, very appreciative of the prayers and so we want to just continue praying for him. And of course, as it was mentioned, Sister Crystal uh continuing to pray for her and uh just glad it was uh nothing serious uh with her and she's pretty weak and um not been able to eat and you know vomiting and and uh the diarrhea and and just things like that and but I think she was able to eat today a little bit and &gt;&gt; uh some and so uh we're thankful for that. is still really weak and and so uh but I tell you what um you know we're we we believe in prayer. We know that prayer really works, don't it? And um and so I know it's the prayers of the saints and we uh so we just uh keep keep praying believing God's going to bring these situations uh uh they all recover uh completely and um then of course sister Alice is sick sore throat and I think maybe fever and things and so we want to keep her in our prayer. Amen. and got different ones missing. Uh um I think thank sister Kim Weeks and Brother John North Carolina, brother Mike orders, I don't know if you all know him, but he was the song leader for many years uh uh for well, brother Joe Green is the pastor there, but um u and so he's been brother Mike Waters been song leader for a long time, but he just passed away. And uh so I know that uh we want to keep the family in prayer, the church in our prayers. And um the Lord will just comfort their hearts today. And u um you know um um um I hear he's just a I've got to meet him a couple times and just a fine brother. And so we want to keep the family in our prayer. Amen. And um but we just Ann and Branson, they went on a a trip uh for their first anniversary and so that's why they're not here today and uh and different ones uh for whatever reason. But we're here and we're expecting great things in the Lord. And uh we're really glad that uh brother Andrew and sister Mariah, little Malachi was able to come today. And uh we certainly love and appreciate them and uh uh brother Andrews just staying busy and uh whether he's in the states or out of the states and comes in and uh just just constantly on the go and so uh but we're glad that he is able to come today and really looking forward to what God has in store. Amen. And you know, it's not the gift. Uh God places a gift in a man's life, but as we've been taught many times, you operate the gift. And if you have a need this morning, uh God knows how to speak to you. I mean, he he just know he does that, right? And um uh we've seen that time and again. And and uh God can move a minister off his notes and just come right walking down your alley and give you exactly what you need. And that's just the kind of God we serve. Amen. And I'm glad there's ministers that believe that way. Amen. That just want to yield themselves to the Lord and let the Lord operate through them. And uh so let's stand to our feet. And uh we want Brother Andrew just to uh uh take his liberty, preach whatever the Lord has laid on his heart. And good to have brother Will, sister Hope, Sister Becky, and the boys back with us. Amen. and uh just everyone and Darl and uh good to have you back with us and uh just uh I I there might have been others that were missing last week and if I've missed you, we're glad to have you, too. So, uh but uh anyways, but let's just uh sing that song, Keep on Walking, and uh we'll just do the chorus. Oh, keep on walking. You don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. All you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call to end it all. Oh, keep on walking. [Music] Sing it now. Oh, keep on walking. How many's going to keep on walking? You don't know how far you've come. Keep on walking. Oh, you know the may be done. And the father [Music] may be standing up right now to give the call. We could be going home any time. You may not even go to bed tonight. You can be in heaven. You can be in a new body by the time this day is over with. Oh, keep on walking. Oh, you don't know how far you come. Keep on walking and all you know it may be done and the far [Music] to end it all. So keep on walking. [Music] Keep on walking. Amen. How many can testify this morning? You just going to keep on walking. Amen. We just hearing that song sung this morning. And Amen. I know Paul tells us in the Bible, he says, "Be not weary and welloing." And I love what he says. He says, "Cuz in due season you'll reap if you faint not." Amen. And I believe today if we just lay down and quit, we're never going to reap anything. But if we just keep on walking, Amen. Before long, the Holy Spirit will come by and he'll just touch our heart and give us strength. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. How many is happy to be a Christian? Amen. How many is happy to be in the house of God? Amen. We say God bless you all this morning. The musicians can be dismissed. We sure enjoyed the song service this morning and the the worship of the Lord. And I tell you, there's nothing like it when believers begin to worship God. Amen. And they begin to praise him and Amen. Not just praising him because everything's going good or because everything's going right, but praising him because he's worthy to be praised. Amen. Regardless of what we're facing or what we're going through, we have this confidence that God is worthy of all of our praise. And Amen. And I was just down there this morning in the in the back room here. And brother Shawn mentioned uh some of the different things the different believers are going through here. And the prophet of God just laid it on my or the the Lord laid this quote on my heart from the prophet of God. He said, you know, he said, "The church is not suffering and it's not being tried." He said, "Hasn't God? It it isn't of God." And as brother Sean was speaking there, I just tell that devil, Amen, this church is of God. Amen. If you're struggling and and fighting and battling, Amen. It's a sign that you got something the devil wants. Amen. But we're not going to give up what God has given us. Amen. We we sure thank the Lord and sure praying for all those that are sick and suffering. And Amen. I know the Lord is still a healer and a deliverer and amen. He's a way maker and just want to say God bless you all this morning. It's a real honor to be here with you today and to see everyone again the house of God. We sure love and appreciate you all and appreciate the opportunity to stand here once again and speak to you. And we appreciate brother Shawn, his friendship and his stand for this message. And amen, just been a real friend and a real buddy to us. And amen, sometimes I sometimes I think I probably should leave him alone. I probably bug him a lot, but Amen. We sure love Brother Sean and sure love him. And Amen. I appreciate men of God that'll take the gloves off and just preach this message. Amen. And we sure appreciate that the family here. And sure glad to have my wife and Malachi with us. And amen, we're we've just been out for a few days at brother Mike Walls there for his youth camp and amen, brother Judah went with us up there and we just had a wonderful time there and I know the Lord has something in store for us here this morning and maybe we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer and we just speak to the author before we open the word here this morning. Uh we believe God speaks, don't we? Let's ask him to speak to us. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this morning, Father, we have gathered here with great expectation and anticipation in our hearts, Lord, to be in your presence and to be with believers of like precious faith. Lord, knowing that when two or three gather together in your name, Lord, you made a divine promise that you would come and be in our midst. And Father, I know this morning there's many that would love to be here, but Lord, the enemy has afflicted their bodies. But Lord, we stand here this morning in the gap as it were, Father. Lord, believing that you're a healer, believing that you're a deliverer, oh God. Lord, we know that your word is not limited or restricted to the four walls of a building, Father. But Lord, we believe that as your word goes forth here this morning, it can go to the different homes, Father. Lord, it can touch those, Lord. It can drive sicknesses out of bodies, Father. Lord, things that have appeared on scans and Lord have showed up on tests, Father. I believe that as your word goes forth, they can disappear. Lord, I believe your word can dissolve it, Father. Now, Lord, this morning, I pray as we endeavor to look into your word, Lord, you see these things that you've brought our attention to this morning. Father, I pray some way somehow that you would help me to get myself out of the way, Lord. That you could come among your church today and speak to the needs of your children. Father, forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, dear God. Lord, may the blood just flow through this building this morning transforming our hearts and lives, Lord. And Father, if maybe one has been in a battle for a long time and Lord, their confession is becoming weak. I pray today, Lord, that you would return the strength, oh God, of the confession of our faith in the finished work of Calvary. Now Lord, we commit this meeting today into thy faithful hands. Bless your children. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask all these things. and all the believers says &gt;&gt; amen and amen. If you have your Bibles today, we will invite you to the book of Colossians the 2 chapter. The book of Colossians the 2 chapter. We uh do want to bring you greetings there from Brother Matt and the church in Arkansas there, Grace Tabernacle. Brother Matt said to be sure and greet brother Shawn. And so we want to do that this morning. We we sure love the Lord here today. Amen. Colossians chapter 2 and verse number six. And then also we're going to read in the book of Peter as well as the book of first John. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Colossians chapter 2 and verse 6. Paul here writing, he says, "As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him." I love that. How many has received Christ Jesus the Lord? &gt;&gt; If you have received him, Paul says, "So walk ye in him." Now in the book of 1 Peter, 1 Peter chapter 2 and verse number nine, it's a very very familiar reading. 1 Peter chapter 2 and verse 9. Peter here writing, he says, "But ye are a chosen generation. You are a royal priesthood and holy nation, a peculiar people, that ye should show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light, which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God, which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. Amen. I love that. We are a peculiar people that one time had not obtained mercy but now have obtained mercy. And also in the book of 1 John chapter 1, 1 John chapter 1 and verse number uh five, this is probably one of my favorite verses in the in the Bible. 1 John chapter 1 and verse number five. Uh here John is writing to the church and he says now this then is the message which you have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. How many's thankful for that? &gt;&gt; If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanseth us from all sin. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word as you can have your seats here today if I would if I would take a title from those passages of scripture we've read this morning. I want to talk to you for just a few moments today on this. the peculiarity of light the believer walks in. The peculiarity of light the believer walks in. And you know, as we are here this morning as Christians and as believers, as as sons and daughters of God, pursuing the things of God, uh there's one thing I find that the enemy is trying to do, amen, is the enemy is trying to slow every one of us down. Amen. The devil knows that we're not just here uh walking or we're not just here taking up time, but the devil knows that we're actually a people that has been brought up on the earth by predestination. And we have what the Bible would call an expected end. So we're not just aimlessly wandering through life, but rather God, amen, has given us a destination. He has given us an expected end. And brother Brandon will say some very powerful things concerning our walk. He will he will show us that our walk is actually an identification. It's al it's also a reflection. In 1955 he says our walk and our associations with people. He said that people would recognize that we were children of the king. Another place he said our walk ought to be plain to the public. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Again he would say don't try to have any sensation or anything take the place of the Holy Spirit. When the new birth has come, you are changed. See, you don't have to do anything to prove it. Amen. Your life proves it as you walk. See, your love and peace and longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, patience, he said, that's what you are. And the whole world sees the reflection of Jesus Christ in you. Amen. So not by our by our words or by our sermons or by our songs or amen not even by the clothes we wear or the church we go to but rather by our walk. Amen. Our associates are able to see amen the identification and the reflection of Jesus Christ in the token. He said but see instead of him being a human being amen it was a super super super human being. He said, "And that makes the human being now, Amen, not only a human being, but he's a son and daughter of God of the super super super life, amen, that was in him has come back up on you and changes you from a sinner and the things of the world, a church member, a denominational goer, amen, to be a bornagain Christian filled with the spirit and the life of God just flowing from you like sparks from an anvil. people. Amen. As you walk full of virtue and love and gentleness as the Holy Spirit is moving and speaking. Amen. There you are. And with what? Hearing the message, watching the pillar of fire. Amen. Having the blessed assurance I have passed. Amen. From death unto life. Amen. I love what he says. And as you walk, Amen. you have confidence that the life of Christ is in you. Amen. And you are in him. See, you've got to be born again. And and when you're born again, you walk in Bible lights. Amen. Amen. And you do what the Bible says. So, Amen. When you're born again, you're no longer walking in the light of your first birth. Amen. But rather, you're walking in the light of the Bible. Now, Amen. I just want to read to you First John 1:7 from the Amplified Bible. It says, "But if we really walk in the light, that is live each and every day in the conformity with the precepts of God as he himself is in the light." He said, "We have true unbroken fellowship with one another. He with us and we with him." And the blood of Jesus his son, amen, cleanses us from all sin. Now, how does he do that? by erasing the stain of sin and keeping us cleansed from sin in all its forms and all of its manifestation. So, amen, this morning, we're not guessing what sin is. We know, amen, that sin is unbelief, right? Amen. And sin is unbelief, and unbelief is what tries to stop us, amen, from possessing the promises of God. Now, brother Ram, in 1956, he preaches a a very powerful sermon, and he calls it, "Why are people so tossed about?" He said, "I believe we're living in a very wonderful, glorious day of opportunity when the people of this day are living, amen, to see the shadows of the coming of the son of God." He said, "I believe with all my heart that the world is going to burst now into the greatest revival that was ever known or it's going into the darkest chaos that has ever been known in history." So here, amen, the world is standing on the brink, amen, of the greatest revival it's ever known or the greatest chaos it's ever seen. Now, you all that study the message know, amen, that 1956 was a turning year in the ministry and the message of William Brandon. He said this is the year they'll either accept the message or they will reject the message. And he said, now it's a great time of people, amen, to make a decision on what they're going to do. Now, what I love about that, amen, is the decision that America makes or the world makes in general, amen, does not determine that the decision, Amen, that an individual makes. See, amen. We're living in a world that turn down the message. They turn down the lights. They turn down the gospel. Amen. But we're not here this morning, Amen, in the greatest chaos of our life. But we're here in the greatest revival of our life. Amen. Because this is not a universal revival folks. Amen. It's not a church revival but this is a individual bride's revival that is burning in the hearts of individual. He said many times spiritual people amen are misunderstood. Amen. To the peoples of the world. Amen. Because it's such a strange and an odd life. Amen. It's a strange and odd life to live. Amen. A full surrendered life to the Lord Jesus. How many will agree that it's a strange, amen, an odd thing to the world, amen, to live a full and surrendered life to Jesus. Now, you know why that's strange to the world, don't you? Amen. Because they turned down the gospel and they went into chaos. Amen. But you accepted what God was sending and you moved from from chaos into revival. Now, amen. This morning as we gather here, Amen. We're not gathered as just mere church members, but I I believe we're gathered here as believers. And I I have to say what Paul said. He said, "I am become a fool in glory, and ye have compelled me, for I ought to have been commended of you, for in nothing am I behind the very chief apostle." Amen. Though I be nothing. Now, Brother Bren picks that scripture up and he preaches a sermon called the oddball. And he said, "See, a strange thing for an apostle to say, amen, I have become a fool." He said, "Now a fool is a person, amen, that really isn't in their right mind." He said, "How would this apostle say such a thing as I have become a fool?" He said, "Well, see, on one side to the people, you're a fool, and on the other side to the people, you're a fool." He said, "But you have to be somebody's fool. So, I would rather be a fool for Christ." Because God said his people, Amen, were a peculiar odd, chosen, elected, a royal priesthood offering spiritual sacrifices to God. Amen. That is the fruit of our lips. Amen. Giving praise to his name. Now, in that sermon, why are people so tossed about? I found this quote and it really just jumped out at me. He said, I want you to notice another thing about this. Amen. Is the peculiar of the light the believer walks in when he's in Christ. Amen. The peculiarity of it. So I say this, not only is a believer, Amen, a peculiar person, Amen. But the light they walk in is peculiar, Amen. compared to the light the rest of the world they're living around is walking in. Now, Brother B says it beautiful. He said, "Oh, Father, you've taken alcoholics and you've taken prostitutes. Sorry. You've taken dope things and you brought them, watch this, you brought them out of every walk of life." Amen. How many can testify that God, amen, brought you out of every walk of life and you made them ladies and gentlemen out of them. He said, now what does Exodus mean? It means a called out. See, Amen. the church. Now, God is calling his people out of every walk of life to come and to receive him and to believe on him. Now, amen, church, that that God, Amen, he's not calling the devil's people. Amen. He's not calling the serpent seed, but he is calling his people, amen, out of every walk of life, amen, to come and to receive him and to believe on him. I want to tell you this morning, there there is a vast difference, amen, in the believer's walk, amen, and the modern Christian walk. &gt;&gt; Y'all know that, Amen. There's a vast difference, amen, in the believer's walk and the modern Christian walk. Brother said, "How dreadful does the walk of the modern Christian must be before God." He said, "How we ought to alter ourselves." Amen. Alter our ways. Now, when you look here at this word peculiarity, it means an odd or an unusual feature or habit. It is a characteristic or a quality that is distinctive of a particular person or place. It is the quality or state of being peculiar. Amen. So when you're walking in the peculiarity of this light, amen, there are different habits in you. There are different characteristics in you, amen, that are not seen in the other people. I love that the prophet of God said, "The believer walks." Now, Amen. This is very simple, but it's on my heart. Amen. The believer don't sit. Amen. The believer don't lay down. Amen. The believer don't back up. The believer don't quit. Amen. But the believer walks. Amen. And if we're going to walk, then we've got to have light. Amen. But before you can walk in the light, amen, you've got to step in the light. Amen. The prophet of God said, "In the light of the angel of God," Amen. standing there on that mountain that day, everything that Moses once had or thought would never happen, amen, it come to be a reality. And I think if men and women today would ever step into the light of the Holy Spirit under the uncction of God's spirit and the light of God's word, everything God promised, Amen, will illuminate to you and will be real again. Amen. When Moses failed, it was because he lacked having, Amen, what the burning bush had. Right? &gt;&gt; He said, and that's our failure today is lacking having what the Holy Spirit has. See, and the Holy Spirit has all good things for us. And if we receive the Holy Spirit, then all things are possible. They're not only possible, but they are promised to us. Amen. When we step into the light of God's word with the uncction of the Holy Spirit to shine the light on it, then brother, the impossible becomes little things. them. He said, "When the word's being preached and the Holy Spirit brings the word, he energizes that and he flashes the same light of God's blessed promise." God said, "I have remembered my promise to Abraham, to Isaac and Jacob, and I'm sending you down there to do it." He said, "See, then when God's word, his promise becomes enlightened by the presence of the angel of the Lord." Amen. Stop Moses now. He's on his road. Amen. When the light of God's word, amen, shines upon the promise of God and that promise becomes a reality to the believer. Listen, there's not enough devils in hell. There's not enough sicknesses and symptoms and troubles, amen, to back a son and daughter of God, amen, off of the promises of God. I believe it tonight. I believe this morning that light is not coming. I believe light is here. And I don't believe it's time to look at the light. I don't believe it's time to talk about the light. I don't believe it's time to examine the light. I believe as believers, it's time to step into the light. And the prophet of God said when you step in the light, amen, when you see the light, he said, then walk in it. Amen. Walk. Don't you know where you're going, but just keep on walking. Amen. Walking towards Calvary. Amen. Keeping a sensible look at Calvary. Brother screams out, "Walking." Amen. Walking. I love that what he says a few paragraphs later. He says, "Let's get on our walking shoes, church." Amen. Let's get on our walking shoes. Amen. I tell you this morning, church. Amen. It ain't time because the devil's stolen things at Faith Tabernacle. It ain't time to back up and start secondguessing your praise and second-guessing your word and secondguessing your faith. It's time to put your walking shoes on and say, "Devil, you forever obstacle you can in our way." But you're going to see the difference between a believer and a modern Christian. We're not a bunch of hybridized Christians. We are sons and daughters of God who have been called from the confusion of Leosa, from the chaos of this world. And God has set our feet on the path to glory. And we're not going to take our walking shoes off. We're going to keep on walking with a sensible look towards Calvary. Yes, sir. Brother said it. He said, "Get on our walking shoes. It's time to walk, church." Amen. I find it amazing in the Bible. Amen. That the walk of a believer, Amen. It's very important as you study through the Bible. Amen. If it's okay, I'll share a few with you this morning. Amen. There are powerful characteristics of a believer's walk. Amen. There's not powerful characteristics of a modern Christian's walk, but there are powerful characteristics of a believer's walk. In Romans 6 and:4, Paul said, "Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also, amen, should walk in the newness of life." Amen. So the characteristic of the believer's walk, Amen, is they are walking in the newness of life. In 2 Corinthians 5:7, Paul says, "For we walk by faith and not by sight." Amen. So there's another characteristic. Amen. Is it's not a walk of what we can see. It's a walk of what we can believe. Brother Ram said, "If we only walk by sight, then we would be children of darkness." Sure enough. Now, but I'm so glad to know that there is a light that shines in every believer's heart until the eternal day when Jesus shall come. Amen. In Galatians 5:16, Paul again, he says, "This I say then, Amen. Walk in the spirit and ye shall not fulfill, Amen. the lust of the flesh. Amen. So this is not a walk of the flesh. Amen. But it's a walk of the spirit. Amen. In Ephesians 4:1 again, Paul, he says, I therefore the prisoner of the Lord. I beseech you that ye that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith you are called. Amen. So this walk of a believer is a walk of consistency. Amen. It's not just walking when it's easy. It's not just walking when everything's going good. But it's a consistent walk. When things are going wrong, you're still walking. When things are going right, you're still walking. Amen. Paul in Colossians 1:10, he said that ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing. Amen. Amen. Being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. So as a believer walks, folks, they're not decreasing, but rather they're increasing in the knowledge of God. Another place in 1 Thessalonians 2:1, Paul again, he said, "As you know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you as a father doth his children that ye would walk worthy of God." I tell you, I was praying on the way to church, Lord, and I am the right channel and pulled up here on the parking lot and saw the sign out on the road and I said, "Take that, devil." Amen. that ye would walk worthy of God who has called you into his kingdom and glory. Brother B said, now now listen to what he says. He says, now you say, now do I now walk worthy? He said, well, I don't walk worthy. No, but Christ in me makes me walk worthy. Well, that ought to make you shout, amen. Amen. I don't have no ability in my flesh, amen, to walk the believer's walk. But if Jesus Christ, the son of God, come into the soul of a believer by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, listen, it ain't you walking no more. It ain't you taking steps no more. It's Christ in you. He's using your feet. He's using your hands. He's using your mouth. Listen, we're not worthy. But if he comes in us, we're worthy. &gt;&gt; It's not the holy mountain, it's the holy God on the mountain. It's not the holy church, it's the holy God in the church. It's not the holy people. It's the Holy Ghost in the people. See, brother said to thy children who is born again and filled with the Holy Spirit. He said, "God, meek in their hearts and let them walk worthy of this great calling that we have been called." Amen. Going about living for you and teaching others and praying for them and ministering to the sick and the weward and the down and out. So, so God is not just calling us, Amen, just to come to a birth. Amen. But God is calling for a walk of an adoption. Amen. I believe that church. I believe this. And don't you ever forget it. Okay? There is a birth and there is an adoption. And the prophet of God said, "Your adoption is not your birth." He said, "Your adoption is your placing." When you are born of the spirit of God, we are sons of God. But we were predestinated. Amen. To unto adoption. He said, "Now, how was our inheritance given to us?" Amen. Through what? Predestination. It's for knowledge. Amen. How did God know he could trust you? Amen. To be a preacher. He is for knowledge. Amen. Not he that willth or he that runth. But it's God that showeth mercy. Is that right? Amen. Predestination. Now come on. You let the devil beat you down all the time. I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. I can't be worthy. But somewhere or another, folks, you got to get a sword in your hand and fight back against that devil that's trying to displace you as a walk as a son and daughter of God. Brother said he knew what was in you by predestination. He knowed what was in you before you ever come on the earth. He knowed what was in you before there was ever an earth for you to come on. See? Amen. That's him. That's the infinite God. Amen. He's not finite. He is infinite. Amen. So we're not walking. Amen. guessing we're sons of God. Guessing we're daughters of God. But we're walking underneath an authority by the revelation of predestination. I didn't place myself on this road. I didn't call myself into this walk. But God called me from before the foundation of the world. Listen. And if God called you, he's got a place for you. And there ain't no devil can take your place. There ain't no sickness can take your place. Listen, sickness didn't save you. So sickness can't unsave you. Amen. Sorrow didn't heal you. So sorrow can't unheal you. It was God that saved you from before the foundation of the world. And it'll be God that'll see you all the way to your expected end. Hallelujah. This is more than just a walk on Sunday morning. This is more than just a walk on Wednesday night. Amen. Paul says this in Ephesians 5:2. He says, "Walk in love &gt;&gt; as Christ also hath loved us and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smell and savior." So another characteristic then of this believer's walk is it's a walk of love. In Ephesians 5:15, Paul again he said, "See then that ye walk circumspectly." Amen. Not as fools but as wise. Amen. So this believer's walk, amen, is a walk of discernment or it's a walk of caution. Amen. And and in 1 John 2:6, he that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk. Amen. Even as he walked. So here we find that the characteristic of the believer's walk is it's a walk in the likeness of Christ. So, we're not making our own footsteps, church, but rather we're walking in the footsteps of the one who's already made the way. Amen. I love this. The believer's walk, Amen, is a walk of illumination. In 1 John 1:7, John said, "If we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his son, Amen, cleanseth us from all sin." Amen. You know this definition. I've used it many times. It's the word walk. It means to progress. It means to make due use of opportunities. It means to regulate one's life. Listen, it means to conduct oneself. So there is a way a modern Christian, amen, conducts himself. And there's a way a believer conducts himself. Brother said this. He said, "We grow. We mature. We find better things. We talk of better things. We wear better clothes. We drive a better automobile." He said, "See, we're progressing, but God cannot progress in that way because he was perfect to begin with, and perfection cannot progress anymore. It's already perfection." Amen. Come on. What can you add to perfection? It's already perfection. So, he don't have to say, "Well, this is a different age." &gt;&gt; We got a better thought now. If it is, he can't be God. So if he is God, what he spoke back there, he has to stay with it because he was perfect there and is perfect now. Come on, church. Amen. If God spoke your name in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world all the way back there, before time, amen. What makes you think he's going to change? Amen. His mind about you now said, see what's happening then is this is more than just a call. He said perfection is calling. Amen. Amen. It's a perfect place calling you, Amen, to that perfection. Amen. And you have to be perfect to get there. See, the Bible said, "Amen. Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Now, listen, it's a perfect kingdom. So, it must be a perfect people come because you have to stand and be married to a perfect son of God, and you must be a perfect bride. So, how can you do it through anything else? Amen. But the perfect word of God which is the waters of separation that washes us from our sin. He said, "See the blood." Somebody shout the blood. Amen. The blood. The word of God. Bleeding blood. Amen. To wash the bride in. Yes, sir. She stands perfect virgin, unadulterated. She never sinned in the first place. Come on. Where was the first place? It wasn't at the altar, church. Amen. It wasn't when you heard this message. I believe the first place was the mind of God. Amen. That's why a prophet could pronounce that you were perfect because he was not preaching from the realms of human mentality. He was preaching from the back part of God's mind, which is where you were before the foundation of the world. I want to tell that devil, there's a reason the devil wants you to stop walking. There's a reason the devil wants you to lay down. It's cuz you're not walking into another church age. You're not walking into another dispensation. We are walking into perfection. We are walking to the marriage supper of the lamb. We are walking to the change of our bodies. We are walking to a theophony. We are walking to the glories of God where there'll be no devil. Where there'll be no sin, where there'll be no sickness. I charge you this morning, if the devil's taking your walking shoes off, kick that devil out of the way and put your walking shoes back on. It's time to walk like you never walked before. Yes, sir. It's time to walk. We're walking unto perfection, folks. &gt;&gt; Yes, we are. &gt;&gt; Paul said this. He said, "Leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ. Let us go on unto perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptisms, and of the laying on of hands, and of the resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment." I love what he says. And this we will do. We're not going to possibly do it, might do it. This we will do if God permit. In other words, sister faith, if God gives permission, we're going on to perfection. But can I tell you this? God didn't ask the devil if you could go to perfection. God didn't ask your problem if you could go to perfection. God didn't ask this trial if you could go to perfection. Before the foundation of the world, God determined you were going to perfection. God ain't asking the devil for permission to heal you. He ain't asking the devil permission to bless you. He settled this before the foundation of the world. It's time to let the light of God shine on the promise of God and step into the realities of God and let the Holy Ghost illuminate him and make him real again to our hearts. Yes, sir. I hate that old devil. Amen. You say, "Hate's a strong word." I hate that devil and what he does to God's people. I hate them old spirits that try to drain God's people from the joy of serving God and from the peace of knowing the Lord and from the from the from the enthusiasm of knowing the message of the hour. But God has sent a message in this hour and it's a message of light. Now said you say Brandham Tabernacle we have healings that's wonderful. We have visions that's fine. You have spiritual dreams. I love what he says. He said and sometimes they're not so spiritual. He said, "We try to help the poor and we do what we can." He said, "Oh, that's all all right, but that's not what we're talking about now. We're entering into another phase. We're entering into another phase." So he says, "Leaving the doctrine." Oh yes, we got the doctrine of Christ. We believe he was the son of God is a virgin born. We believe that with all these things. Amen. That is just wonderful. But leaving that, let us go on until perfection. Now catch something. He didn't say skipping that. He said leaving that, let us go on unto perfection. Amen. I say this, a prophet of God come along in 1956 and he gives us a prophetic observation. He says, you know, Amen. There's many Christians and they're up and they're down. Y'all, y'all ever seen people like that? Amen. One week they're up, next week they're down. One week they can't wait for church to be open. Next week you got to beg them to come. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Up and down. He said, "See, people who seem to be very religious, they seem to have such a deep desire and daily they search and hunt and seek for God and never come to any kind of settlement of any kind to where they could ever be settled or anchored in Christ." Now, Amen. Y'all know me. I'm just preaching this morning. Is that okay? Amen. I tell you some things I found. I found some of the most religious people, Amen. have the worst church attendance possible. &gt;&gt; Amen. They're in one week, half the next. Here once, Amen. And what's happening is is there's a deep desire in their heart to serve God. There's a deep desire there to to really love the Lord, but that needs some word over that desire to bring it into more than just a church experience, but to bring it into a birth, which will take it to an adoption. Said, see, he said, now don't get mad at me. Let me just preach, okay? He said, "One of them is an intellectual or a mental conception of what God has said in his word and of Jesus Christ by the way of knowledge." Amen. So if a if a Christian has a mental or intellectual conception by reading the word of God, when they go through troubles, they'll say, "I know I need to be in the house of God." And and when they go through problems, they'll say, "I know I need to be praying, and I know I need to be reading my Bible. I know I need to be listening to tapes. I know I need to be fellowshipping with God's people. But see, they're not bad people. It's just coming from an intellectual or a mental conception. He said, "But the other one is an experimental experience that God has given the man in his heart." So when they go through those situations, they don't sit there and say, "I know I need to be praying." They've already been praying. They don't say, "I know I need to be fellowshipping with God." They've already been fellowshipping with God. because they're not serving God from their spirit or from their flesh. They're serving God from their soul. Can I tell you this folks? You're never going to find the answer to satisfy that deep desire in your heart. In the schools of theology, the prophet of God said they don't have the answer. He said they'll teach things and say because you didn't shout, because you didn't speak with tongues, because you didn't have these kind of gifts which I have nothing in part or to say against such things. But altogether you find these people when they do shout or they do speak with tongues or some other emotion, they still don't seem to be the person that they should be. Amen. So shouting does not give you this anchor. Amen. Dance in the spirit, as much as I love to do it, it don't give you this anchor. Speaking in tongues don't give you this anchor. There's only one thing that can give a man this anchor, and that's a death to his own ideas and his own will and his own ambitions. and let the power of God fill every fiberless bean and put a reality in there that this is more than just serving God when things are going good. This is serving God when we're on the ash heap. This is serving God when we're at rock bottom because we're not mental conception Christians. &gt;&gt; We are experimental experience Christians. Amen. I'll say what a prophet said. He said, "You do have two mental faculties." How many knows that? He said, "You got two different mental faculties." He said you have one of them that's in your head by your brain and the other is operated in your heart which is called your soul. He said see your spirit and your soul. He said now they are very much now folks I could preach here for an hour. They are very much in disagreement many times. He said when the head seems to say something the soul wonders if it's right or not but when it comes into the soul then the head seems to step back. Amen. When the word comes into the soul, then the intellectual has to step back. He said, "There's been things that's happened to you and you knew that you knew was going to be yet you cannot explain why and there's no reason you could explain it out, but yet you just accepted it and it just happened just that way." He said, "That's when something happens down here." Now, I love it because what he does in that sermon, why are people so tossed about? He'll take us to the Old Testament and he'll bring a a scriptural view of this. Amen. Used in the children of Israel. Amen. And he'll use the three courts in the tabernacle. Remember, he'll say, "See, Amen. And the type of light that was in each one." Now, I'm not going to read this to you. I'm going to preach it to you real quick. Okay? Amen. There was an outer court, which means the believer was still a believer in the outer court, but he was walking by the sunlight. Amen. See what the prophet of God said? He said he's justified out here, but he walks by daylight. Some days he has gloomy days. He said, "Some days you don't know whether you're really worthwhile to serve God or not." He said, "You're walking in the outer courts." He said, "Yes, you're a believer. You have eternal life. You're his child. But what kind of life are you living?" See, because the walk you're walking is reflecting the life you're living. Another place he said, "See what kind of light we walking in? It's according to the weather." Now, amen. Y'all have heard me say it before. Amen. You get up on Sunday morning, sun is shining. Amen. There's no clouds in the sky, no rainfall. You're up at you're up early and you're singing and you're making coffee and you're fixing breakfast and this is going to be a wonderful service and the Holy Ghost is going to move. But get up on Sunday morning. Let there be clouds and let it be real gloomy and let it be real dark and that that that now come on, we're human. That affects our spirit. But see the difference in a believer and a modern Christian is we're not serving God. Amen. According to the weather light. We're not serving God according to daylight or sunlight. We're we've gone another step further. Re said see there's an inner court. He said in there the believer walks by the candle light which means that seven golden candlesticks is given light. He said now see he's walking in these seven golden candlesticks. There's much light in there but there's days when those lights get dull. There's days when lamps smoke and light's not so good. There's times when you have to be relit and you have to borrow a little from the neighbor. See? Amen. It's all right, but it's still not the right light. Now, amen. I'll just take a little turn on that real quick. Amen. If your favorite preachers in town, bless God. We're going to have a good meeting today, church. Amen. But if a preacher's not there and the one you like to hear a f, y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. The devil trying to control you. Amen. By the candlestick light. But listen, that's an artificial light. He said, "It's not the light of the sun or the moon or the stars." He said, "The man in the justified courts when night comes, he has a very dim light." Now, let me go a step further. He said there was an outer court, there was an inner court, but then there was the holies of holies. He said, "Now see the believer walks by, amen, the shakina glory light." He said, "See the man who walks beyond that and goes in when the world is shut off. &gt;&gt; When the veil drops around him, the great shakina glory, it never got dim and it never went out." He said, "Now see the kind of light a believer walks by, it's kind of a mystic light." Amen. It's kind of a soft glowing light and the believer is at rest. He's walking around inside the veil. Reb said, "See, if you ever come into Christ, my friend, into a place where the world is dead, or whether your children are this way, or your mother is this way, your daddy said this way, or your pastor said that, whether the doctor said this or that, you don't even hear it because you're living in the shakina glory, and you're walking and living in the presence of the king." He said, "Every day is sweet in your soul." And somebody ask you how you doing? You say, "All is well." Amen. There's nothing can harm you. Let the neighbors gossip. I go to church for one thing. That's to stay in your presence, Lord. I have moved in there, Lord. I'll never desire to leave again. I'll trust your word. There's where I want to be. Drop the veils around me, Lord. Drop the veils around me, Lord, that I can see Jesus Christ and live and walk and die in him. If a man receives Jesus Christ, he goes beyond the outer court light. He goes beyond the inner court line. He moves into the shakina glory. Come on folks. You know in that holies of holies is also where the shoe bread was, which means it was only reserved for an elected class of people. I love what David said. He said, "Thou hast delivered my soul from death." How many believes that? Thou hast delivered my soul from death. Wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling. Now come on. We shout about our soul passing from death unto life. But look what he said. Wilt thou not deliver my feet from falling that I may walk before God in the light of the living? He says, I will walk before the Lord in the land of the living. So a believer's walk, Amen, walking before the Lord. You're not walking in error. You're walking in truth. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; David says in Psalms 86:11, is this okay? He says, "Teach me thy way, O Lord. I will walk in thy truth. Unite my heart to fear thy name." I love what John says in 2 John 1:4. He said, "I rejoice greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth as we have received a commandment from the Father." In 3R John 1:3, John again, for I rejoice greatly when the brethren came and testify of the truth that is in me. Now watch this. That is not with thee around thee, but the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth. I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth. Look what brother Bham said. A man that comes to truth and fails to walk in truth than he has according to the scripture, he has blasphemed or rejected the Holy Spirit of God. He said, "I can bring the truth, but if you reject it and walk away, I know the Bible says if you do that, there's no more remission of sin till you come and make it right." See, that's exactly right. Can you take a profit? So, if you see the truth, walk in the truth. The minute you see the truth, it's time to walk in that truth. The minute the word of God tells you, "I'm healed." Listen, folks, that's not a suggestion. That's the truth. It's time to walk in that truth. The minute the word of God says you're delivered, says you're going in the rapture, says you are an overcomer, says you are an invincible army, that's not the time to question the word, that's the time to put your walking shoes on and walk in the truth you have received. I love what the prophet said. He said, "May God help us to know what is truth." How many how many say, "Lord, that's my desire. God, help us to know what is truth." Listen, just to know what's truth. Brother Sean, I love this. So we can walk in truth and in light. The only reason the prophet was wanting truth was not to argue. It was not to debate. It was not to see who could out preach who and who could out quote who. He was desiring truth. Brother Shmai, so God's children could walk as he walked because he walked in truth. Now, how can I talk about walking and not mention Enoch? How can I talk about walking in truth and not mention Enoch? You know what I find? I find Enoch is a type of the bride. You know that brother said Enoch is a type of the bride. He is a type of the believer. Amen. Some of y'all probably remember. Amen. And you you read the Bible and you read the message, you'll find out that Enoch, he actually built a pyramid. How many knows that Enoch built a pyramid? Amen. Now, let me say this, but I want you to read Genesis 5:21 with me. Okay? Genesis 5:21. And Enoch lived 60 and 5 years and begat Methuselah. And Enoch built a pyramid for God after he begat Methusa. And 300, are we reading this right? And 300 years. And all the days of Enoch were 365 and 5 years. Give me verse 24. And Enoch built a pyramid for God, and he was not, for God took him. Is that what the Bible says? No. The Bible says that Enoch walked with God. Two times the Bible says Enoch walked with God. Brother, it don't say Enoch built a pyramid. It says Enoch walked with God. Look at Hebrews 11:5. By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God hath translated him. Listen. For before his translation, hallelujah. before his translation. He had this testimony, he pleased God. Listen folks, brother said, see, he said, Enoch walked with God. Now, I I I want I want to show you something, okay? How many's ever been in a good hot meeting and the power of God falling and the spirit of the Lord moving and the preacher get under enthusiasm and anointing and he says, "Praise God, Enoch, build a pyramid." You never hear that, do you? What do you hear? We're going to walk like Enoch. Enoch walked with God. Now, can I say this to you? The most outstanding thing is not the fact Enoch built a pyramid. It's the fact he walked with God. Now, some of y'all probably remember the sermon Brother Wayne preached here on the pyramid. You remember breaking open that pyramid and all the revelation that was laying inside that pyramid? Can I tell you something? Amen. Now, I know folks, Brother Sean, you know him, too. And they'll say things like this. We don't need all this revelation. We don't need all these deep things. We just need to preach the Bible. We just need to walk with God. Well, pray. Tell me, folks. How could Enoch walk with God unless he had some revelation to do it by? Listen, the most outstanding thing about Enoch was not he built a pyramid. It was that he walked with God. But the reason he could walk with God was because he had a revelation that could produce a victorious walk in the middle of an age of unbelief. What are you saying? I'm saying this. Amen. You might have never went over there and looked in that pyramid. You might have never went over there and saw that bread loaf and saw that king's chamber and saw all those great deep things. But when you saw Enoch, what was in the pyramid was in Enoch's walk. Because Enoch was not walking by his flesh. He was walking by light. And light is revelation. Hallelujah. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." No, I haven't. No, I haven't. Cuz you're a bunch of Enochs. I said you're a bunch of Enochs. And there'll be people, they'll never look in that deep book called the seven seals. They'll never look in that deep book called the church ages. They'll never break open the future home. They'll never hear theophony. They'll never hear spiritual food in due season. But when you walk down the street, they will see an identification of Malachi 4. And they will see a reflection of the revelation that's been revealed underneath the voice of the seventh angel in your walk. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother said it beautiful. He said the church, which is the type of Enoch, let me let me just clear that up, okay? You can't walk without revelation. You can't walk without revelation. So, part for the chorus. Here I go. I'll get in trouble. So, for people that say, "We don't need all this revelation." We'll keep sitting there stumbling around. &gt;&gt; You got to have light to walk in, folks. If you don't have light, you're going to stumble. But if light comes, Hallelujah. If light comes, there's a way to walk. Brother said the church was just a type of Enoch. He said 500 years he walked before God, walking in the light with a testimony he pleased God. He said, now see, God took him away because he was walking in the light with a testimony that he walked in the light of God. I said, "See, just keep walking." In Psalms 119:105, David says, "Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path." Amen. I know you've heard these things before. I know you've heard these sermons and you've heard these scriptures and quotes your whole life. I don't really just come here this morning to preach a a sermon to you. I want to minister to you. Is that okay? It's on my heart. The path of the just is as the shining light that shineth more and more unto the perfect day. He said, "The way of the wickedness is darkness. They know not at what they stumble." Without light, you don't know what you're stumbling over. But if light comes, there's a direct illumination, brother Mark, on the trail to walk from here into glory. I'll say this to you tonight, folks. Amen. Here's the secret of a believer's walk. Amen. The secret of a believer's walk is the light they're walking in is doing the work. Ain't that powerful? the light they're walking in is doing the work. Remember told the story about the man who didn't believe in divine healing. He said, "Come go with me to my house." Reb said, "Okay." He said, "I can. I'd like to. Where do you live?" He said, "Well, you go up over this mountain here." I said, "How you going to get there? You don't see your house." He said, "Yeah, well, there's a path that runs up over the hill." I said, "You don't see the path." He said, "Well, I got a message. I got a lantern." I said the lantern won't show the light right on the house. Oh no. But the path will lead to the house. Come on, church. Amen. I cannot physically right now see my theophony, but I know it's right here. I know around the next bend in the road, I've got a theophony waiting for me. I cannot physically see it. Oh, church. But I've got a message and it's light in the path. It's going to lead me to my theophony. And there ain't enough devils in hell to defeat me in this walk. I'm going to walk like Enoch. I'm going to walk like Enoch. And one of these mornings, our bodies are going to be changed. Hallelujah. Amen. I can't see it, but I know it's there. Brother Sean, I can't see it, but I know it's there. He said, "Yes, sir." Amen. And the lantern, now listen, the lantern will only show light for one step at a time. Come on, church. Quit letting the devil sit you down because you're not taking steps like somebody else. Quit letting the devil back you in a corner and say you're not making progression because you're not walking like this one or walking like that one. Hey, if all you do is take a centimeter of a step today and a centimeter of a step tomorrow, you're making progress. Amen. Can I preach to you? Amen. One day you're going to make a footstep. One day you're going to make an inch step. One day you're going to make a centimeter step. One day it's going to be a mile of a step. But whatever you do, just keep walking because before long, you're going to walk right out of this old pest house into the father's house from Glory to God. You say, "Preacher, I don't know if I can get there." One step at a time, sweet Jesus, we'll walk in the lines, the beautiful lines. Amen. One step at a time, coming closer to him. Listen, how many children of the light do I have here this morning? Brother said, "They're children of the light." Brother Tim, they accept his word and they keep walking and they watch more unfold. Don't leave it. No matter what somebody else says, you stay right in that and just keep walking and watch it unfold and reveal itself. Sister Becky, I remember when the Holy Ghost got a hold of you. I remember when he called you from the denominational walk into a believer's walk. I guarantee you, Sister Becky, what you believe today, you didn't know when God revealed this message to you. But why are you still here this morning? Because you've been taking one step at a time, one tape at a time, one service at a time, one prayer meeting at a time. Oh, Faith Tabernacle, put on your walking shoes. We are closer to home than we've ever been before. If you'll just keep on walking one of these days, we're going to step out of this world into the heavens of God. Hallelujah. I'm not a crazy man. I'm going to keep on watching it, and I'm going to watch it unfold. Brother Kevin, I'm going to watch a new body unfold right before my eyes. I'm going to watch my loved ones raised incorruptible right before my eyes. Because we're walking in the revelation which is the light. Can I ask you something? Why are you still here? Why are you still here after everything you've been through? After every blow, after everything the devil's tried to do to destroy you, why are you still here? Because this light is an anchor. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Brother will. This light is an anchor. Brother M said it's walking into a light that you never witnessed before. It's an anchor of a divine faith that cause anything. Contrary, brother Sean, to the word of God as though it wasn't. He said, see, I love how he says this. He said, it puts new life. Brother Tim, I want to say this to this morning, church. It is the light. I'm going to read you some things, okay? But when I say it, just keep this in mind. The light, okay? It puts new life. It gives hope to the dying. It gives courage to the weak. It gives healing to the sick. It gives blessings to the unfavored. How wonderful it is. Amen. To step into the light of his presence. It's not a myth. And neither is it something that somebody has just fleshly in their minds drawn up. But it's coming directly into the presence of the king of glory, which is the eternal light of the living God. You say, "Preacher, how am I supposed to walk?" We got to walk like Jesus. We got to walk like Jesus. You say, "How did Jesus walk?" His walk was a walk to fulfill the word. Every step he took, Brother Sean, he said, "I'm fulfilling the word." On days he felt like it, he was fulfilling the word. On days he didn't feel like it, he was fulfilling the word because the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You got to walk unconscious of fear. Come on, church. You got to walk unconscious of criticism. You got to walk unconscious of the world. You got to walk as you walk in Christ. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbor don't like you, walk with God. Walk with God. If the doctor says you're going to die, walk with God. If the doctor says you can't get well, walk with God. Just walk with God. Go on, brother. For God has promised, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you until the end of the world." Well, did you hear that, devil? I'm not going to sit down. I'm going to keep on walking with God because greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, you'll have your ups and downs. Don't worry. You'll go through your brier patches. You'll go over your sharp rocks. You'll go over bluffs. You'll go down on the hillside. You'll go up through mountains, over waters. But walk with God. Hallelujah. Walk with God. Somebody shout with me, "Walk with God." Look at your neighbor and say, "Walk with God." Turn around and look at somebody and say, "Walk with God." Brother Sean, we're going to walk with God. Sister Becky, we're going to walk with God. Brother Daniel, we're going to walk with God. Brother Josiah, come hell or high water, we're going to walk with God. Because we're not here to fulfill our only desire. We're here to fulfill one thing, and that is the word that has been revealed concerning our lives. That's right. &gt;&gt; Walk with God. You say, "Preacher, it's hard." Well, can I tell you this? Amen. You're You're walking in a mystic light. It's a mystic light. You You You got un You got Oh, God. You got Brother Brother Tim, you got unusual habits. Amen. You got You got unusual features. Sister Martha's got unusual distinctive features. Amen. Go through what they've been through this week and they have a desire to be in the house of God. Come on, church. Amen. She could have laid there, but she got up and said, "I'm going to try to make it the house of God." Listen, I want to say this, though. She did make it here. The devil still didn't win because walking with God means walking in his word and believing he's greater than whatever we're going through. You say, "You lost your mind." Amen. I know I know a sister Crystal could be here. She would be here this morning. Amen. If Sister Alice could be here, she would be here this morning. But I want to tell you sisters, I want to tell you, brothers, just because you might not be able to make it physically, it don't mean you're defeated. Just keep on walking with God. And one of these days, you're going to walk out of that situation. Well, I knocked the water over. Here we go. Walk with God. Are you hearing me? Walk with God. You say, "Preacher, I don't feel like it." He said, "Don't worry about that. Just walk with God." You say, "Why have I got to keep on walking?" Because we're so close. We're so close. You don't know that your next step could not be the change of your body. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." I hadn't lost my mind. Brother said, "Now it's time to walk a straight line." Right now, brother, sister, it's time to walk a straight line. If there's ever been a time to walk a straight line, now is the time to walk it. If there's ever been a time to get more dedicated and say, "Lord, what do you require of me?" Now is the time to do it. We're on the walk to glory. &gt;&gt; We're We're And I'll say this as plain as I know how. Amen. We're not on the death march. &gt;&gt; That's right. We're not on the death march. We're on the walk to glory. We're going to walk out of here, folks. Reb said, "Listen." He said, "Oh my." He said, "Now you're coming into perfect faith." He said, "Look, you're coming in perfect faith, which is perfect perfection that cannot fail." He says, "That's faith never fails." Yes. Jesus Christ, he was a mystic to them with this perfect faith. And so it is now with those who have perfect faith. They are a mystic to others. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Come on, church. You're a mystic to the world. &gt;&gt; But it's not because of what you done. &gt;&gt; It's because of the light you're walking in. Now, look what Paul said. He said, "When I was a child, I spake as a child." He said, "As you grow older, then you begin from making your first couple steps and toddle and fall and get up and try it again." He said, "Then after a while, you get so on the God bless you, buddy. First time I've ever had to have a janitor in the middle of service. Now, I know I've kicked over violins and now cups. Now, it's time to walk a straight line. See? Right on down that highway to glory. Look here. I want I want to I want to just I just want I want to drop some things to you if that's okay. Don't give up. Just keep walking." You see, I I I'll share this with you. Amen. This has been on I'm sorry, but it's just it's it's been real to my heart since the New Year. So, I it's on my heart this morning. Okay. I'm just going to share it with you. This this past past December, I was flying up from Florida over to brother Brother Brother Way Dells and I was going up there to to preach a uh a watch night service. And I was on the plane flying up there and I'm I'm just reading along and studying through the message and and I just started praying. And I said, 'Lord, I said, 'Brother Brandon would preach New Year sermons. I said, 'Lord, if you would, if you would have something for me, a New Year sermon, what would be mine? Would you would you just give it to me? And as clear as I'm talking to you, it wasn't an audible voice. It was just something Brother Mark so distinctly spoke in my heart and said these words, "Go tell my people just keep walking." &gt;&gt; And I said, Lord, that now I just got to be honest because I'm human. I said, 'Lord, people's heard that over and over and over. That's not going what I just be honest. I started arguing with the Lord. I said, 'Lord, I said, how's that going? And it's just as clear as day, just something come over my heart and spoke again. Said, go tell my people just keep walking. I said, Lord, if you give me something, I know I'm going to find it in this message. Got in the message. Brother said this. He said, "In this great faith battle, as I've tried to fight it, I've seen some awful obstacles, been over some rough roads. It shows me I have. But it's been the most blessed thing. I wouldn't trade it for nothing in the world. And here's my greatest victories, the greatest pleasures I have is when I come up against something and I can't see over, around it, or under it. I just keep walking towards it, believing this that God will make a way when I get there. Can I give you another one? He said, "Just keep walking. Don't stand still. You'll never get nowhere. If you've been saved, then walk to sanctification." You say, "How do I get there?" Just keep walking. Is the baptism of the Holy Ghost after sanctification? How do I get that? Just keep walking in the light. Is signs, wonders, and miracles. Just keep walking in the light. See, just keep on listen. And every time you make a step, the light will jump just a little ahead of you. Cuz he's always ahead of you. He don't push, he leads. He is the light. Can I say something to you this morning? God will do the leading if we'll do the walking. &gt;&gt; If we'll do the walking, God will do the leading. Brother Bam says, look in Ephesians 5. For ye were sometimes darkness. Can I have just a few more minutes? For ye were sometimes darkness, but now look what he says. But now are ye light in the Lord. &gt;&gt; Look, I don't believe he's just talking about weight, folks. I believe he's talking about about illumination, about brilliance, about about vision, about light. Now ye are light in the Lord. So walk as children of the light. He said, "Just keep walking till after a while, you'll get so light, you'll just walk on up in the rapture." Woo! Glory. If you'll just keep walking, you'll become so light. You'll become so much light that you'll just walk on up in the rapture. Now, as I was as I was studying and just fellowship with the Lord on this, I asked him, I said, "Lord," I was just praying. I said, "Lord, here I'm finding these quotes." I said, "Now, there's got to be a power. There's got to be a power in walking." And brother Sean, I know Morren said that as I was just praying and I found this quote as I was listening to the tapes. Brother said this. He said, "No matter how it looks, just keep on anyhow. No matter how it looks, just keep on anyhow." If God said do it, just keep on anyhow. That's the way you do it. Now, here's what got me. He said, "That's the way you get well." See, is just keep on walking. You say, "Well, yesterday I couldn't wiggle my finger but that much, but today I can wiggle it that much." Amen. Tomorrow I'll wiggle it that much. He said, "Just keep on walking." He said, "Look what the fine doctor said a while ago." He comes to the end of his role. Then he trusts God. There you are. That's it. Science is all right. As long as you're climbing on the tree, when you get up as far as you can go and you can't get no further, he said, "Step over on the tree of faith and just keep on walking because it has no end to it." Hallelujah. If you're walking on signs, you're going to walk to an end. But if you're walking on the tree of faith, which is coming from the tree of life, you're going to walk into the paradise of God. &gt;&gt; What are you saying, brother Andrew? saying this, "Keep on walking. Keep on walking." I got to studying this and I found out over and over, Brother Bram uses that phrase over and over and over and over and over and over and over on prayer lines. And you know what he'll say? He'll say these words. He'll say, "You're healed. Now, just keep on walking." He'll say, "You want to get well? Just keep on walking." He'll say, "Come now, lady. You believe God makes you well? Well, then just go walking." I said, "Dear Lord, what they're doing, listen, can I can I can I can I close on this? They're walking from one condition to another, but they had to keep walking or they would have stayed in the condition they was in." Oh, church, are you hearing me this morning? It's time to put our walking shoes on. If we just sit down, we're never going to taste victory. If we just give up, we're never going to experience the defeat of the enemy. But if we'll this morning by the supernatural atonement of God, put on our walking shoes. We're going to walk from one condition into another condition. Can I tell you something, Faith Tabernacle? Don't you ever show up to church without your walking shoes on. Don't you ever show up to a meeting without your walking shoes on. You know why? Because the shoes you're wearing tells what you're fixing to do. Come on. If the shoes you're wearing, it tells what you're fixing to do. Brother Mark, if you was fixing to go out, Amen. and feed the cattle, you would have a pair of flip-flops on. You'd have a pair of boots on because the type of shoes you're wearing. If you're fishing to run a marathon, you don't have a pair of cowboy boots on. You got a pair of tennis shoes on because the shoes you're wearing tells what you're fixing to do. And when you come to the house of God and you got your walking shoes on, you know you're going to hear the word. You know the light is going to shine. You know the power of God is going to be there. What you're telling that devil is, I'm fixing to walk out of depression. I'm fixing to walk out of anxiety. I'm fixing to walk out of nervousness. I'm fixing to walk out of this sickness. I've got my walking shoes on. &gt;&gt; Listen this morning. It's time to walk. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It's time to walk. It's time to look that devil square in the face and say, "I will not sit down. I will not lay down. I will not back up. I'm going to walk." That's right. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, it's the darkest hour I've ever seen." You say, "Preacher, it's the worst hour I've ever faced." You say, "Brother Andrew, you don't understand. It's the darkest trial I've calculated. I've racked my brain. I've racked my mind. It's the darkest trial I think my faith has ever witnessed." Amen. Amen. I'm just preaching to you from my heart right now. It's the darkest hour I've ever seen. Brother Andrew, how can you stand there and tell me to keep walking? I've got to tell you that because I've got the Hebrew boys on record. I've got the Hebrew boys on record. Can I tell y'all something? I know it's simple, but just hear my heart. The Bible says they heated that furnace seven times hotter. Seven, brother Tim. Seven times hotter than it had ever been heated before. But you know what I found? I got to studying and I found this. When the king condemned them and the king the king passed judgment and said they'll go in the fiery furnace, you know what I found out, brother Will? They didn't walk to the fiery or they didn't get pushed to the fiery furnace. You know what I found out? I found out, brother Sean, that the guards didn't put something around them and drag them up that death walk. Drag him up that plank to the to the fiery furnace. You know what I found? I found, Sister Jame, they walked. They walked. Sister Brenda, they walked. Amen. They walked right up the death plank to the fiery furnace. When they opened the door, the heat was so hot it begin to kill the guards standing around. You know what I found, brother Sean? I didn't find the guards had to push him off in there. I didn't find the guards. Had to push them in there with a with a spear. You know what I found? The proto. God said, he said, I can see Shadrach, Meack, and and Abedneo. I can see them take a step off into the fiery furnace. You mean they walked to the fiery furnace? You mean that nobody pushed them in there, Levi? Brother Levi, they stepped off in it. You know what else I found out? When they got in the fiery furnace, they didn't sit down and have a pity party and say, "Poor pitiful us." Amen. If we wouldn't have believed this message, if we wouldn't have stood for this word, we wouldn't be in this condition. When they got in the middle of the fiery furnace, they were bound hand and foot. But you know what they done? They walked around in the middle of the fiery furnace. Can I say something to you? There never was a time they sat down and quit walking. I'm feeling good now. Shadrach looked over at Meshack and Abednego looked over at Shadrach and they were bound hand and foot. They said, "Listen, we can't praise like we want to. We can't shout like we want to. But as long as we can move, we're going to move. As long as we can do something, we're going to do it." So maybe they just kind of hopped around in the fiery furnace. But you know what happened? They kept on walking and before long, one of them bumped into something. They bumped into something and Shadrach turned around and said, "Oh, look here, boys." Amen. It's one who is like unto the son of God. You know what he done? He loosed them of the bands. He loosed their feet. Oh, church, can I show it to you? If you just keep on walking, you're going to change conditions. If you just keep on walking, you're going to change conditions. They walked to the fiery furnace. They walked into the fiery furnace. They walked around in the fiery furnace. Oh, but when the fourth man showed up, he changed their condition. And here's the best part about it, brother. They walked right out of the fiery furnace. Because if you just keep on walking, things are going to change. If you just keep on walking, before long the conditions are going to change. Listen, I say to you this morning, put on your walking shoes. &gt;&gt; I say to you this morning, footsteps, it means possession. Reverend said, "How much can you walk around that wheelchair? How much can you walk around that cancer? How much can you walk around that sin?" Hear my heart this morning, devil, we're not defeated. We're not defeated. How much can you walk around that wheelchair? How much can you walk around that cancer? How much can you walk around that sin? &gt;&gt; Can I read it? Shouting the victory. &gt;&gt; That God gives the promise when you can see him who is invisible. &gt;&gt; And when that pulsation comes into your heart and begins to pulsate, I'm the Lord who heals all thy diseases. &gt;&gt; Can I give you some strength here? When you can see that, everything else weakens away. &gt;&gt; Joshua looked at the unseen and he walked around the walls believing it would happen. He said, "Now Joshua had a V-Day at the river, too, at the at the He had a V-Day at Jericho. He said, "God, let disappointments happen to show victory. You'd only see those things that seems to be so burning you and upsetting you. They're trials. They are things, but stand still. Focus your glasses on the word of God. Speak the Now, now you say, "Preacher, you just spent an hour telling us to walk." And then you just said, "Stand still. Stand still. Focus your glasses on the word of God. Speak the word." And then just walk forward. &gt;&gt; See, speak the word. Lord, I believe. And just start walking forward. God opens the Red Sea. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you how we're going to walk forward? You that's going through situations and trials, sicknesses in your body, walk forward with undying faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Prophet of God said goes beyond the physical. See, it goes into the spiritual realm and picks up the thoughts of the heart and reveals them. The spirit of God, the word of God. Now, I know I know I'm going long, but just give me a minute here. Now, that word will cut in there if there's enough arm behind it to push it in. It'll find its place and cut every promise out and give it to you if you just got the strong enough arm behind it. See the sword? Pick it up in an arm of faith. I'm giving you instructions now. Pick it up in an arm of faith. Grip it. Y'all want to practice this morning? Pick it up. &gt;&gt; Pick it up in an arm of faith. &gt;&gt; Pick it up in an arm of faith and grip it tight. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hold on to it and walk into the face of the enemy. &gt;&gt; How can that uncircumcised enemy ever stand there in the presence of the eternal God? So you take the sword of the word and every promise belongs to you. You pick it up in a strong hand of faith. Walk forward. If you need healing, cut it out with the word. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you need salvation, every promise in the Bible is yours. It's laying back in there, and Satan's trying to hide it. But take the sword and push through the darkness until the light of God shines upon your soul, and you have the promise. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, you're getting out there." Well, I say this. Light has come. Amen. Amen. I got to I got to give this to you. Light has come. Re said, "When light comes," he said, "the forcing hour has come." When light comes, the forcing hour has come. He said, "Now is time." Amen. To rise and trim your lamp and shine with the gospel of Jesus Christ. Faith tabernacle, now is the time, believers, now is the time to arise and trim your lamp. He said, "See, God has a way of forcing the issue sometime." He said, "See, look here. The force of this light," now, now I want you to catch this. The force of this light is going to force the believer from a pest house to his father's house. From a tabernacle of humiliation to a tabernacle of glorification. From corruption to incorruption. From mortal to immortality. When light comes, you've got to work against the light. &gt;&gt; To stay in darkness. &gt;&gt; Can I say this to you? When light comes, time to get up. Amen. &gt;&gt; When light comes, it's time to get up. Do you know when the light rises, when the sun rises in the morning, it's a natural instinct to get up? You know, they got room darkening shades. You know what they hang those up for? To keep the light out so you don't get this the light don't get your attention and shake you out of that sleep. &gt;&gt; Folks, that's the same way it is in the spiritual. The devil's taken room darkening curtains and put them around the promises of God. And you're laying there and the devil's trying to whisper to you and tell you this. What he's trying to do is he's trying to keep the light from striking the word and energizing your soul to believe it. Because the prophet of God said any devil is afraid of light. Any creeping evil thing is afraid of light. But can I can I give you the word this morning? Can I give you this? It's Isaiah 60 and verse one. Arise. Arise and shine for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. Look at this word arise. It means to stand up. It means to arise in a hostile sense. It means to become powerful. It means to be established. It means to be confirmed. It means to endure, to stand, to be fixed, to be valid. It means to give effect to. Oh, when the light comes, it's time to arise and become powerful over that sin. Become powerful over that sickness. Become powerful over that spirit. Listen. Let God arise and his enemies be scattered. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? Let God arise. Let his enemies be scattered. Let them also that hate him flee before him. As smoke is driven away, so drive them away. As wax meltth before the fire, I'm in Psalm 68:2. As wax meltth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God. Can I finish verse three? But let the righteous be glad. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let them rejoice before God. Yay, let them exceedingly rejoice, folks. &gt;&gt; Let them rejoice before God. Let them exceedingly rejoice. See, you are the light of the world. You believe that tonight? &gt;&gt; You are the light of the world. And I'm sorry I keep saying tonight. You believe that this morning. And when you receive the Holy Ghost, how many's got the Holy Ghost? When you receive the Holy Ghost, now here's what the devil hates. You're sealed till the journey is over. That is your token that you hold that shows your fair has been paid. You are a redeemed character. Satan has no business with you. None whatever. Just pick up your token and show him my healing is paid for. [Music] My trip to glory is paid for. Rebraham said just pick up your token and show him. Can I say this? pick up your token and force him. You know, the token forces things. Reb said, "Excuse me, friends, if I yelled out loud, I I wasn't yelling at you, but demons sometimes has to be forced. See, they don't want to move." He said, "See, the devil is a great force. The devil has a great power, and the devil is great in his power." Can I humiliate him? But he's under the power of God. Glory. He has a great power. He's great in his power, but he's under the power of God. And the devil can only be at one place at one time. His imps can be anywhere scattered out. His demons, his co-workers, but God himself alone is in the field of omnipresent. Not an angel, but God himself. Then that gives us courage. Wherever two or three are gathered together, I'll be in their midst. Now, Satan, you foul devil, you are defeated. God said he would restore the son of God, and we here to lay claim. We're here and we hear him lay to your claim. He promised to restore the church to its former condition when the evening light shine and we're living in it. And by restoring, we have a right. We have our attorney. We have our lawyer, our high priest, and we're going to force the claim. You've had him long enough. You can't do it any longer. We charge thee in the name of Jesus Christ by the power of his resurrection and the Holy Ghost. How many feels the strength of God right now? How many feels the strength of God coming to your confession? How many feels the strength of God right now? Amen. Those of you listening at home, receive ye the strength of the word of God right now. It's not a man, it's the word. He said there's his word and his blood is to take care of it. Everything he put in the atonement is ours. We have it by faith. So just accept it and walk forward and confess it and watch what takes place. [Music] Accept it this morning. confess it and just start walking forward and you'll see the power of God move. You'll see the power of the Holy Spirit. Listen, I've seen it before. I've seen it. You've seen it. May we live such a holy consecrated life after this. Brother says that men will see the reflection of Jesus Christ in us and that our walk in life would be worthy of the gospel that we believe. Brother Sean, I got to take his word, hold it out there, accept it, confess it. You say, "Brother Andrew, I don't know if it works." It works. It works. I want to thank you all for I know you all were praying for us when brother Josh Martin and I was there in Czech Republic. I want to thank you all for your prayers just this morning get ready for church. I've been been battling my mind a little bit about something. I taken a service there on Friday night and it just come up heavy on my heart brother Sean just to preach on the authority of accepting the word of God. Not trying to make something happen, pray something down, pull something out of the altar. Just accept the finished work of Calvary. The devil been bombarding my mind. Well, some will misunderstand you and some didn't get it. But just this morning getting ready for church, I got a text from brother brother Gregory there in Czech Republic. He said, "But Andrew, here's a testimony for you." He said, "Friday night while you were preaching on accepting the word." He said, "There was a young man sitting there got delivered of gambling and is getting baptized in his home church today." Come on, folks. We're not just preachers. You're not just church members. You're light in the Lord. I got a whole sermon on it. I'll just tell it to you like this. And life forces things to happen. That's why when you walk in rooms, atmospheres change. Come on, folks. That's why when you walk in certain places, the whole atmosphere changes in there. You know why? Because you're light in the Lord. And light's forcing conditions. Now, here's the thing about it. Darkness has to cope with light. But light don't have to cope with darkness. Folks, this morning I tell you, you're a peculiar people. Sister Jane, we're an odd people, but we're walking in the peculiarity of the light. Won't you bow your heart with us this morning? How many this morning say, "Lord, I want to put my walking shoes on. Lord, I want to put my walking shoes on." Father, take the lantern of your word this morning. Put it out in front of me, dear God. Father, there's things I don't understand. There's situations I'm going through. There's battles I'm battling in my mind and the mind battles and the thoughts, Lord. But, Father, I believe your word and I believe your word is true. And I believe I believe your word is superior. I believe your word is light this morning. Now, Father, as a as a believer, Lord, I don't want to walk in darkness, Lord. I don't want to walk in my own ideas. Lord, I want to walk in your word. If that's your desire this morning, won't you just join in prayer with us today? You just say, "Lord, consecrate me, Lord. Father, I want more of your word to unfold to my life. Lord, there's things right now I can't see. Lord, there's things I believe right now that I can't physically see, but Lord, I know if I'll just keep on walking, I'll walk right into the manifestation of it, Lord. Father, I can't I can't see my theophony physically. I've heard from it. I can't see it physically, Lord, but I know if I just keep walking, I'll go around the next bend in the road and it'll be there for me. Maybe you're maybe you're sick in your body this morning. You say, "Brother Andrew, I can't I can't physically see good days again. I don't know how I'll ever have them again." But I'm charging you this morning in the name of the Lord, by the word of the Lord. Put on your walking shoes. You say, "Brother Ander, I can't make a big step today." Well, go ahead and just make a little step and tomorrow make another one. And the next one day, make another one. And next week, make another one. I'm telling you the word of the Lord. Brother Bam said you're going to walk out of it. He said it's the only way you can get well is you got to keep walking. Almighty God, all across this building this morning, Lord, is faithful warriors. Father, is faithful believers, dear God. Lord, they're not here just to fill up space on a pew. Lord, they're not here just to take up time on Sunday mornings and Wednesday nights and punch a religious clock, Lord, and fulfill a religious duty. But Lord, they're here because there's something in their soul. Lord, there's a predestinated seed, dear God, that you placed there from before the foundation of the world. Lord, you called us and you chose us, Lord. Father, you elected us and Lord, you've taken this message, this glorious end time message that you sent us, Lord, revealed it by the pillar of fire and Lord has positionally placed us, Lord. Father, we've heard the takes. And Lord, when we hear them, though some may hear him say they're chickens, when we hear them, we hear him say we're eagles. So Lord, this message has positionally placed us, dear God, as eagles. And Lord, your prophet said eagles as believers, Lord. Now, Father, I love what your word says. They that wait upon the Lord, he shall renew their strength. They shall walk and not get weary. They shall run and not faint. Father, I believe this morning, Lord, there's some hungry hearted eagles right here in this building today, Father. Lord, some at home, dear God. And Lord, this week, it's almost like the devil's just just targeted individuals in lives. But Lord, we stand here this morning to tell that devil, you're defeated, Satan. You're defeated upon the authority of God's word. Lord, we're not just walking with you when things are good. Lord, we're not just walking with you when things are easy, but Father, we're going to walk with you when we don't understand the situations because, Lord, we have a revelation in our soul that as you are the light, we walk in the light. And Lord, we're going to walk out of these bodies one of these days. Now, Father, I pray for every believer here today. I pray for those that will hear this sermon. Father, I pray that as your word has been spoken here today, Father, may the strength of God return. May the power of God return, Lord. May the may the may the may the revelation of the word return in the hearts and lives of your children. Lord, the devil might have tried to take it out, Lord, but may it return in such power and such authority. Father, I pray for the pastor here, pastor, brother Shawn here, Brother Daniel, Brother Josiah, Lord, Brother Terry, Brother Amos, Lord, these men of God, Lord, that stand here and preach this word. Lord, the devil's doing everything he can to take the the joy out of them and take the take the faith out of them because he knows, Lord, they're not just preaching some man's idea. They're preaching the fully restored revelation of Jesus Christ. And Lord, that devil knows that if people will begin to hear that word, then they'll begin to force the devil to back off of their lives and back off of their children, back off of their homes. Father, I pray for an a special blessing upon the men of God here. Lord, may you unfold the revelation of this word, their hearts like never before. Father, I pray for brother Shawn, Lord. Father, as the pastor, Lord, as the as the as your prophet said, I believe, as the burden bearer, as the as the ox of the team, dear God. Father, I pray the power of God will renew him and refresh him this morning, Lord. Father, as he stands as a faithful shepherd, Lord, Father, battling demons of of sickness, coming after his sheep and and demons of discouragement, Lord. Oh, God, I pray this morning the light of God would refresh him today, Lord. Father, I pray the power of God would refresh the musicians, Lord. Father, as they play the music and drive out evil spirits, the devil try to discourage them, Lord, this morning, dear God, may you give them a refreshing, Lord. Father, Lord, if there be one here today, lay member, deacon, trustee, whomever it may be, Father, Sunday school teacher, sound person, whoever it is, Lord, Father, we need each other. Lord, if we've quit, if we've quit walking, may this be the day we put our walking shoes back on and start walking again. walking forward, Lord, with undying faith in your word. In Jesus name we pray. In Jesus name we pray. Walk in the light, beautiful light. Oh, that's it this morning. Sing it with all your heart. Our bright shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. You love him this morning. How many wants to walk with God? How many wants to walk with this word? I may say, "Today, I'm going to reach in there and get a hold of that sword. I'm going to drive it right in the face of the enemy, and I'm going to grip the promises of God, and I'm going to take everything the devil's taken away from me." The word will work. The word's already worked. Stand up on the faith of that word by night. Oh, it's Jesus, the light of the world. Won't you sing it this morning? We'll walk in the light. It's such a beautyful life. Come where the de drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. God bless you this morning, friends. We love you with the love of the Lord. I pray the word's been spoken this morning to be a blessing to you. I pray something's been said to encourage you. We're standing with you, praying for you. Praying for our sisters, Sister Martha, those suffering in their bodies this morning. We're going to fight this battle. Amen. We're We're a body. No matter where we are, we're a body and we're going to stand united as a body and fight back against every devil. Amen. How many say this morning, Lord, sharpen my sword? How many say this morning, Lord, I heard the heard the prayer request. I heard those the enemy's attack, but I heard the word of the Lord this morning. I got my sword s my sword sharpened this morning and I'm going to do battle for my brother. Want to do battle for my sister. Want to hold the promises of God over him. Amen. Won't you come sing it this morning? Amen. God bless you. [Music] by day and by night. What's Jesus the light of the world? Oh, we'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Come where the dew drops of mercy shine bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. &gt;&gt; Jesus the light of the world. or the need that was there was. &gt;&gt; Oh, we'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. &gt;&gt; Just come where the two drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us right now. &gt;&gt; Jesus the light of your word. Oh, we'll walk in the light. &gt;&gt; Such a beautiful life. Come where the dear drops of mercy are bright. &gt;&gt; Shine all around us. We're not trying to be upon your word. [Music] We believe healers will love you for sister [Music] all around right now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ who strengthen Lord Father as a husband Lord as a as a leader God [Music] have mercy shine to the softest shine all around his ground. When they come and feed him the bread of your heart, Father, we believe you're God in the face of every enemy. And Lord, we commit this family. We comm [Music] Come where the dries of mercy [Music] Lord shine all around us. We can stand here all day and we can go through your father. We're looking for a walk. Give a brand new walk in Jesus. Oh, walk in the sun. This beautiful life where the two drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, the light of &gt;&gt; of the world. It just come on my heart this morning to share this with you. Praying there for our sister Martha. We was down at brother Berser's a few months ago back in November. Brother Tom Ber, some of you probably know him. His wife just went to the hospital one day and just went in there some issues in her body and found a tumor and all kinds of things and really bad report they give them just right off the bat, you know. And I was up in Canada when I heard it and brother Tom and sister Don has done so much for the young people through the years and just come home and I had Mariah pick me up there at the airport and we drove over there. I just wanted to see brother Tom and sister Don and just be with them and just went in there and brother Tom said, "Brother Andrew, would you mind to speak tonight?" He said, "I know probably got something on your heart." He said, "We need to hear from the Lord." You know, and I just went in there and begin to preach. And brother brother will I was sitting in the back room and brother Tom said to brother Andrew, he said, "I got a few minutes." And she said, "Before I call you out," he said, "I want to tell the church something." And he got up and he started giving a report on Sister Don and different things. And he said these words. He said, "Now, he said, now next week she's going for that autopsy." And he said, "And then we'll get the results and they'll come back." And he kept talking a few minutes and he stopped. He said, "I don't know why I said that." He said, "It ain't autopsy." He said, "It's biopsy." He said, "Just like that." He said, "It's biopsy." And brother, I think it was brother Wayade there on the platform. He said, "Yeah, it's a biopsy." And he said, "Yeah, she go for that biopsy." Brother Sean, when he said that, something in my heart in that back room just spoke and said, "Now, if you have an autopsy, you take it of something that's dead." And I come out there that night and just started preaching. And I said, "Brother Tom," I said, "I don't think it was an accident. You said that, brother. I don't think it's I said, I believe that when she goes, I believe they'll call it a bopsy, but I said, I believe it can be an autopsy of that cancer in her body dead. That tumor just totally dead." Just the other day, he text me. He said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "Where they said all the spots were, they're completely gone." He said, "There's a few still there." And he said, "They're after them." He said, "She's doing really well by the grace of God." Listen, folks, what may what what what may sound like a slip of the tongue, you know what the prophet of God said? He said, "By the word in our mouth, we confess the promises of God." Listen, I believe this morning that same God is right here in this building. I believe that same God go right by brother Tim and sister Martha's house right now. I believe it. I believe I don't know about you, but I believe God's able to do these things. Don't you? I know you believe it this morning. Amen. Amen. Hold the word of the Lord in the face of the enemy. Don't run from him. Walk forward in his face and grip the promises of God. We love you with the love of the Lord. God bless you, brother Sean. Thank you for allowing us to speak to the church this morning. We sure love you all and appreciate you and miss you and we pray for you and think of you. Amen. It's always good to see you. Amen. We're still pressing the battle and one of these days we're going to change our bodies. Will you remember this? Just keep walking. Just keep walking. You're going to walk out of it. Amen. God bless you this morning, Brother Sean. &gt;&gt; Walk in the light. for the beautiful life. Just come where the de drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of. Oh, sing it once again. We will walk in the light. Aren't you glad there's a light to walk in? Not walking in a glare of something of yesterday. The light, the manifested word for this age. Shine all around us. Bless the name of the Lord. Jesus, the light of the world. Can you lift your hands unto the Lord just to thank him? Hallelujah. We thank you, Father, that we're in your hands. Thank you, Lord, that you're answering the prayer. Father, thank you that you've given us the grace, the courage to keep on walking. Oh, Father, we're walking into every promise that you have made. Not looking back, not sitting around discouraged or dismayed, but walking in the light, Lord, as you are in the light. Father, we thank you, Lord. We love you and thank you ahead of time for what you're doing. Thank you, Lord, for working miracles. Hallelujah. We thank you, Jesus. My Amen. Did you enjoy the word this morning? Amen. Walking in the light. Amen. That's what we are. We're children of the light. And there is no way Satan can put that light out. Amen. And I'm glad for that. Amen. And uh I liked uh you know how brother Andrew put it. them Hebrew boys, they looking at that fiery furnace, yet they didn't hesitate. They didn't back up. They just kept walking. Amen. Walking right in it and walking right out. Amen. And that's the way we are. Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Well, let's just sing that again. Uh, keep on walking. Amen. Oh, keep on walking. You don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. All you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call to end it all. Oh, keep on walking. Oh, just keep on walking. Well, you don't know how far you come. Keep on walking. Yes. And all you know it may be done. And the father may be standing up right now to give the call. To end it all, just keep on walking. [Music] Oh, keep on walking, bride. Just keep on walking. [Music] There's that song in Jesus name we press on. In Jesus name we press on. [Music] Oh in Jesus name we press on. Dear Lord with the prize clear before our eyes we find the strength to press on. [Music] Oh, in Jesus name. Hallelujah. We're pressing on in Jesus name. We press on [Music] dear Lord with a prize. It's clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on as they just play softly. Amen. God bless each and every one of you. Amen. And remember, there's no reason to be down, no reason to be discouraged. Amen. And um we have got the word of God. We're sons and daughters of God. We do have a weapon and that's on the word of God. Amen. That's the only way you'll defeat him. The devil is by the word of God. And um keep one another in our prayer. I you know it's kind of like dad he was saying you know uh to ask the family to keep you know to be praying for sister Martha and sister Crystal and the different ones and dad says well you let them know that we're fulfilling what Paul required of us and that is bearing one another's burdens and and that is so true. We're bearing one another's burdens. We're praying. We're entering into their suffering and we're believing, amen, that God going to bring bring them through. Amen. And so, um, uh, just remember, Sister Martha got a lot of things that she's facing and I think she's got a a test. Uh, Tuesday, is it still? Is that still on? And so they're requiring her to do a um um cleansing right today and tomorrow. And u you know, Sister Martha said, "I just don't know how I'm going to do this cuz she is so sore just to touch her." Uh you know, when they just touched her stomach, uh it was extreme pain. And so, um, but she's got to do this and it's requiring her to get up and down constantly all day today and tomorrow, uh, for a, uh, a test that she's got to have Tuesday. And so, a lot of things that she'll be facing. Uh, but we're standing with her. So, just keep her in our prayer. And, uh, I, uh, I am looking for a testimony of God's healing power. And um uh we're just believing that. Amen. And so uh keep sister uh Crystal and Sister Alice, keep Steve in our prayer and u um and just one another. Amen. So God bless you. We love you. And um um want to keep Brother Andrew, Sister Mariah in our prayers uh just constantly on the road. And we really enjoyed that today and appreciate brother Andrew just u uh declaring the word of the Lord to us. Amen. And just reminding us keep on walking. Amen. So uh let's just bow our heads. And also um we're going to move the prayer service. We're going to start doing our prayer services on Tuesday. And uh we had done that before we had quit uh and stopped for a season and we were doing them on Monday and then we changed it to Tuesday. It seemed to work better for everybody. And so uh I'm I'm going to just change that. So, Tuesday nights, Tuesday nights at 7:00, we'll be having a prayer service for those that want to come and pray. I believe in prayer. And um uh if you do not have a need, remember me cuz I've got needs and that'll give you something to pray about. Amen. And and I know others have needs as well. And so um uh so remember that Tuesday night 7:00 will be prayer service. If you're not able to make it just spend time and uh in prayer and um I I know the Lord will bless you for that. So um brother Bill, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? Amen. [Music]
