################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - Pastor Matt Morse "The Healer, The Believer, and The Pharisee" - Matt Morse - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-02
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse "The Healer, The Believer, and The Pharisee"
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCueUGUZLW0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] worship him. Is that what you came to do tonight? We have come into his house to magnify his name and work. Oh, we have come into his house to magnify his name and worship Christ our Lord. Let us worship him through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. And are you happy? There are some things I may not know. [Music] There are some places that I won't go, but I am sure all of this one [Music] day. My God is real for I can't feel him in my soul. Oh my God is [Music] real. Yes, he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has watched. He's made me whole. His blood for me. Yeah. He's like your gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Now some folks will doubt. Oh, some folks will scorn. All can go on. Oh, and leave me alone. Oh, ask for me. Oh, I'll take God's word for God is real for I can feel. Do you believe him to be real tonight? Oh my God is real. Yes, he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has he me his love for me. His love for me. Oh is like p your gold. My God is real for I can't feel him in my soul. No, I cannot tell. Oh, just how it felt when Jesus wash my sins all away. [Music] over. But since that day, in every sense that hour, God has been real. For I can feel his mighty power. Sing it now. My God is real. He still My God is real. in his home. His love for me. Yeah, it's like your gold. My God is real for I can feel. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Oh my God is real. Yes, he's real in my soul. [Music] My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. His love for me is like your gold. My God is real for I can feel. My God is real for I can feel. My God is real for I can't feel him in my soul. Amen. He's not a God of yesterday, but he's the same. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Oh my. My God is real. Amen. He abides. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] See the secret is that the comforter up high with me. Can we sing that again? Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see. Oh, and the reason of my bliss. Yes, the secret all is this that the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk away, for the comforter abides with me. Now once my heart was full of sin and I had no peace within. Then I heard how Jesus died upon that tree. Oh, I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Now he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every career. I'm as happy as a birden, just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter up high with me. Now there's no thirsting for the things of this world they've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly all my night was turned today. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides. How many witnesses do we have here tonight? He abides. Oh he abides. Yes. Hallelujah. He abide with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides, they come for the offering. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Amen. Does he abide with you? [Music] Amen. Lord, we love you. Want to thank you for this opportunity. Heat. Heat. Oh, healing is here. Healing is here. Oh, healing is [Music] here. And I believe it for I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in [Music] you. Oh, freedom is here. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. [Music] And I believe it. Oh, freedom is here. Freedom is here. Oh, freedom is here and I receive it. [Music] Oh, I raise my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. Lord, I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Sing it again. Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in [Music] you. Oh Jesus is here. [Music] Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and I receive him. But they would just play softly. I've only have one written prayer request here tonight. Uh but it says brother uh Daryl Ward's grandson uh touched a hot curling iron today and uh he has secondderee burns on his hands. Amen. So let's just keep um that little uh young man in our prayers tonight. Amen. How many has an unspoken request to lift your hands? Amen. It's uh really good to see uh brother Michael Castow. Maybe he could come and lead us in prayer tonight. Amen. We want to uh remember the man of God that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. We want to also keep the prayer requests that we mentioned last night in our hearts tonight. Amen. Um for brother Emanuel Wade. Amen. I hadn't heard about the situation there last I heard. He was still in the ER. So let's just remember him in our prayers as well tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you tonight just grateful and thankful, Lord, for another time that we can gather together, Lord, on this side of eternity. Lord Jesus, for all we know, this could be our last chance. Tomorrow, Lord, between 6:00 and 9:00, you could take us out of here. Lord, we just pray, dear God, tonight that you just move, dear God, upon these requests. And Lord, you saw the hands that was raised. And you know, dear God, what was behind those hands, we ask, dear Jesus, that you would just move down, Lord Jesus. Build the faith of the people tonight, Lord Jesus. May they be able to reach out by faith and receive what they have come for, Lord. They didn't come to see a man, Lord. They they come to see you. And we just pray, dear God, that you would just help them move out of the way. And may you just move on the scene and intervene for each one. Bless the request, dear God. Bless the man that would come here in a moment to minister. We just pray that thy anointing power would be upon him, dear God, to get out of the way and move upon the people, dear God. That your anointing power would fall upon them. That they would step out of the way and pull upon the gift, Lord, just move in a mighty way. And may each one be able to say later tonight, "Wasn't it good to be in the house of the Lord? Didn't he visit my pew? Didn't he visit my seat? Lord, just move in a mighty way." And we'll give you the praise, the glory, and honor in Jesus name. Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. Trusting his brother Steve Kercher comes. [Music] Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Sing it again. Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in [Music] you. Amen. You can be seated. I guess we'll do class one. I think it was E flat when we did it last time. E B E B E B E B E B E B E B E B E B E B E flat. Again, just so glad to be with you one more time and Lord just just bless you all. May the Lord just have his way with all of us tonight. Again, it's just wonderful to be gathered together with all of you. [Music] [Music] Hardest thing to do is get started sometimes. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Oh, what joy his love affords when we meet in one accord and we lift our hearts in praise unto the Lord. There's no place I'd rather be than with the ones who have been set free. I'm so glad I'm a part of God's great big family. And I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. It can be just anywhere. two or three are gatherred there that the spirit of the Lord will be there too. There's no fellowship so sweet. There's no thrill that can compete with the thrill that I feel whenever God's children meet. [Music] Oh, I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful [Music] people on that great reunion day when our Lord says come away and the saints from every land sweep through the gates joining loved ones round the throne. At last, we'll all be gathered home. That will be the greatest thrill we've ever known. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all [Applause] [Music] Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Oh, sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. For when the manions bright and blessed, he'll prepare for us a place. Oh, we are get to heaven where the kitty cats come. Day of rejoice and that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, when we all get to heaven. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see [Music] Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I'm looking forward to it. How about you? I'm I wonder if we have any overcomers in the house. Ah. Oh, brother Daryl prepared us well last night. We're ready to have church, aren't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Be seated. Go in the book of Revelation over in the 12th chapter in the 11th verse. It tells us that they overcame by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. Now, if you're sitting here tonight and there's an area of your life that you're not overcoming, I got news for you. There's nothing wrong with the blood. Maybe it's your testimony. We all need a testimony. Darl, you need a testimony. Amen. Praise God. This little uh song is titled I'll overcome. Well, by my Let's try it again. By my testimony and the blood of the lamb, well, I'll overcome one day. I am. Well, all the demons of hell. Well, can't stop God's little bride. She's elected to stand. And she will stand by her bridegroom side. Let me sing that again. That's the chorus. Oh, by my testimony and the blood of the lamb. Well, I'll overcome one day. I am said all the demons of hell. Well, can't stop God's little bride. She's elected to stand and she will stand by her bridegroom side. Well beataten and [Music] bruised son of they say many saints lost their lives in various ways for Jesus. They died. A testimony of love. We'll meet them again at the marriage supper above. Hallelujah. And by my testimony and the blood of the lamb, well, I'll overcome. Or one day I am all the demons of hell. Well, can't stop God's little bride. She's elected to stand and you will stand by your bridegroom side. Hallelujah. Well worried and troubles in these last gentile days. Many are the trials we've gone on our way. But don't you be discouraged. The battle's almost [Music] won. And what we're now [Music] feeling is the rising of the sun by my testimony. Help me sing. And the blood of the lamb. Well, I'll [Applause] overcome one day. I am all the demons of hell. Well, can't stop God's little bride. You're elected to stand and you will stand by your bridegroom side. Here's the course I like. The raptures in progress. I can feel it in my soul. Hallelujah. This room's just a dressing room. But heaven is my go. There's a pastor dimension just waiting for me. Soon I'll step over King Jesus to see. Hallelujah. And by my testimony and the blood of the lamb. Well, I'll overcome one day. I am all demons of hell. Can't stop God's little bride. She's elected to stand and you will stand by your bridegroom side. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Do you believe you're an overcomer tonight? Amen. I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning [Music] around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. I'm dead. We'll all keep holding on. Want you to have nails guard hair. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Now I've been walking through the valley. Oh, through this spell of tears. Oh, times I feed question. Oh, if my Lord was near, then at times that old tempter, he says, why not turn around? Oh, you can't get any farther because you're just losing ground. But I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. Shine deck. Will I keep holding on? Oh, to that hill's guard hand. And I'm not giving up. Oh, I'll keep going on. Now would you mind to tell me? You see, there's been something bothering me. Oh, why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? Well, you see, it's purposed and determined to get right in the way. Oh, and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I'm not giving up. Sister Hannah Wallace comes not turning around. For by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. Someday. Well, I'll keep holding on into that nail scarred hair. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Amen. There's no turning back. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole from me. One day, old King David came home to a city called Sig. And while he was gone, the enemy came and stole everything that he had. Well, David encouraged himself in the Lord. He made up his mind. He said, "I'm on my way down to his gave and I'm taking what's right in mine." Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from [Music] me. We all know that the devil only comes to kill, steal, and destroy. And I must admit, there have been times when he's taken away my joy. Well, I'm serving notice on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to his gates and I'm taking my property back. But I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my songs, my days, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. But we all know that the devil only comes to kill, steal, and destroy. And I must admit, there have been times when he's taking away my joy. Well, I'm serving notice on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to his gates and I'm taking my property back. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] me. Amen. Are you taking back everything he stole from you? [Music] Amen. Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, he hears me. He helps me. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. For he's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not in the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. You stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God can I handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory the greatest love story. Now when you're in trouble Jehovah n the great ander oh God almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way of thank you, but my graves paradox say your precision and watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. Can you give him praise tonight? Do you believe he's tremendous tonight? Oh my. He made us more than overcomers tonight. [Music] Amen. Amen. As we invite our pastor to come. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup [Applause] again. Heal my heart and make me [Music] whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the [Music] [Applause] [Music] rain. Wake up again. Now heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Can we lift our hands and sing it as a prayer? Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Hallelu. Make me whole. I need you now. Oh, your spirit [Music] power. Well, is that your prayer this evening? And I truly believe that that's God's intention for us this week is to pour his spirit out upon us. Amen. You don't have to beg him to do it. All you have to do is just have a hungry heart. Amen. And and he promised that he would feel us. Ain't that right? Amen. And uh we certainly love the Lord. You can be seated for just a moment. And uh how many enjoyed the service last night? Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. Waring for our inheritance. Amen. And we have a right. Amen. to claim everything that God has given to us. Amen. I know uh you know Christian life maybe it seems like Christians struggle. Amen. But it's born in them. Amen. Not to sit there and let the devil take everything from them and destroy their lives, but it's in them to fight. Amen. And we have been given the greatest message on the face of the earth. Not a man just preaching his ideas and giving us wishbones and but it's a word that has been open in this day. Our name is in that book. And every promise that God made us, our name is right there. Amen. And there's something down within us that are beginning to understand, amen, that I have a right. I don't have to be a victim to the devil. I don't care how much he fights. I don't care how much it seemed like it's dark and it's just dreary. I have a right to prevail over Satan's kingdom. And I believe that's what the Lord was trying to remind us last night. Amen. Is you've got a right to claim. Don't sit there and let the devil just run over you. Amen. You say, "Well, I'm just I'm thinking bad thoughts." Them ain't your thoughts. That's his thoughts. Amen. Well, I'm just uh You just don't know. I'm defeated. I have failed. I've done this. That has nothing to do with it. Look at the word of God and see what God says about you. Amen. I was thinking of Sister Hannah that was singing that song. I'm taking it back. And Amen. She's got a reason to say that song. Satan was almost trying to take her life and suicidal thoughts and depression. But God got a hold of her one night. Amen. And changed her. Amen. Broke the power of the enemy. Amen. And now she's standing here. I'm going to take it back. Take it back, young people. Take it back, parents. Take it back, preachers. Amen. We're standing warriors here. Amen. And it's almost going home time. It's rapture time. And he ain't going to I ain't going to be left behind. Amen. I'm fighting my way through this thing. And I'm willing to fight. I'm willing to lay my life down for this message that God has so graciously given to me. Amen. Do you love him? Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm going to read this and then we'll turn it to the minister. But brother Bram said, "Could you imagine the United States Army training a man to sit around and eat cookies and so forth?" Why? He gives him a uniform, his gun, and trains him to get out there and fight and defend the nation. And that's what we've got to do. We've got to defend our God-given rights. What God said, it's ours. Let's stand right toeto-toe with Satan. Say they're ours. How many believes that? We believe them. And you just might as well move back because you haven't got nothing at all. You haven't got Satan hasn't got one legal rights of anything. Everything he's got is defeated. And the only thing he is is a scarecrow. That's all. He cannot bother you. He cannot bother you. Come on. A man that's born of the spirit of God, there's nothing at all can harm him. Now, Satan can push things over on you and keep you uh just keep shoving you out and shoving you out. If I went to my house tomorrow night and I looked up there and there moved into my house was a big bunch of people and they were drunk prostitutes and carrying on. Why I'd put them out? Well, how you going to do it? They say I'm human. See, this is house is made for humans. I can live here, too. But I say this belongs to me. This is my legal possession. I've got an abstract deed here at the courthouse that shows this belongs to me and you cannot stay here any longer. And I'd serve notice on them and they'd have to move. And if they didn't, there's a a law downtown that'll make them move. Is that right? Well, anything that Satan put upon you in the way of sickness or whatever it is, you every bornagain person has an abstract has a warrant from God and the Holy Ghost is here to put any devil out. Do you believe that? No matter if he it is cancer, if he is tumor, cataract, we'd say arthoritis, we'd say whatever migraines, uh uh whatever it is, the Holy Spirit will put him out if you if you will serve notice on him in the name of Jesus Christ because he has no legal rights. I'm the Lord that health all thy disease. Is that right? He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we are healed. Is that right? But you've got to go over and take it. Can you say amen? Do you love the Lord? Well, let's stand to our feet. We're getting ready to hear the the word of the Lord. And and uh I tell you, there's warriors here tonight. Amen. And we're not fighting flesh and blood. We're fighting in the spiritual realm. And amen that preacher. Amen. The Bible says that he sent his word and he healed them of all their diseases. And the word of God is fixing to come forth. And the prophet taught us how it works. It ain't the preacher that works magic. He just preaches the word. We pull on that word by saying amen. And it's like saying sick. Sickum. Can you say amen? Amen. And I I just believe that the word is powerful. I want to say uh it's just good to have uh brother Matt Morris uh all the way from Arkansas and uh a a pastor there and and uh we've certainly grown to love and appreciate him and uh his ministry and just doing wonderful work and uh uh in the area that he is in and u um and it's just really good to have his family, his church here. Uh I know you've drove a long ways and uh but we just pray that God would just richly bless you, amen, for your effort to come and uh it's just a real honor to have you. And so as uh we we just want brother Matt take his time now. This is camp meeting, tent meeting, whatever you want to call it. In other words, we ain't in in no hurry. uh no time limits and uh just preach the way the Lord wants him to preach it and uh uh sing. He's a he's a a wonderful singer and uh so we just want him to feel at home and uh he's among the bride and we love the word. Amen. Amen. So let's just sing this song. Without him, I can do [Music] nothing. Without him, I surely fail. Is that the way you feel tonight? Without him, I would be drifting like a ship without Oh, sing it again. Yes, without [Music] [Applause] [Music] him. In the name of the Lord. Oh, without him I'd surely fail. [Music] Oh, without [Music] him I'd be [Music] nothing. Yes, without him I would surely f. Oh, without you I would be nothing I'd be drifting like a ship without the S. Amen. How many say amen to that tonight? Amen. How many just glad to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? What do you think about [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Jesus? What do you think about Jesus? Amen. She says, "F I." Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. I just want to say it's sure good to be here with you. Appreciate Brother Sean inviting us to come and certainly uh feel very welcome to be here. lot a lot of friends uh that that we have here and and so I just say it's good to see all of you tonight and and man it's just sure good to be in a in a in a tent meeting. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. We have a a tent meeting back at home and in the in the uh fall of the year and you know one of the brothers got a saying going. He said you can't get starchy in a tent. And so it's just kind of been the way it is. You know when you come to a tent you just kind of let loose and let God. Amen. And so we ain't got to hold nothing back. We just come to have church tonight. Amen. How many come to have church? You know, I like to ask a question before I preach. And a lot of times the way people answer it determines how I preach. So, you got to be careful what you say. But, uh, but I want to ask it like this. Well, what do you think about Jesus? [Music] He's all [Music] right. Well, what do you think about Jesus? I say that he's all right. Well, what do you think about Jesus? I think he's all right. I said that he's all right. All right. Can anybody tell me what you think about him tonight? Well, he healed my body when I was sick. He's all right. He healed my body when I was sick. And he's I said he healed my body when I was sick. And he's I said [Music] he's Oh, now what do you think about Jesus? Well, I said, "What do you think about Jesus?" I want to know. What do you think about Jesus? He's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. I'll tell you what we do. Why don't you get out of your seat and go shake somebody's hand tonight and tell them I think he's an all right God. I said, "What do you think about Jesus?" Well, he's all right. Well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, he's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. Well, he saved my soul when I was lost. I said he saved my soul when I was lost. Well, he saved my soul when I was lost. And he's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. Can you say it like this? He filled me with the Holy Ghost. How many testify about that tonight? He filled me with the Holy Ghost. I said he filled me with the Holy Ghost and he's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. Won't you tell him now? I said, "What do you think about Jesus?" Well, now, what do you think about Jesus? Well, I said, "What do you think about Jesus?" I said, "He's all right." Well, he's all right. All right. [Music] [Applause] How many say he's all right tonight? He saved my soul. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. He never failed me. He's been an everpresent help in the time of trouble. And I say he's all right. He's an all right God. And he's worthy of our praise. We come down here tonight to have communion with our maker. And we invited him here. And when he comes into the tent tonight, we want him to know that he's welcome. So we say, "Lord, you're all right in my book. You're an awesome God. You made me. You created me in your image, and you gave me dominion over all the things that I face in this life." I said, "He's all right." How many say he's all right? Turn around, somebody tell them, "He's all right." Well, he didn't just save me, he saved my children, too. Isn't that the truth? He's all right. He didn't just save me. He saved my children, too. And he's I said he didn't just save me. He saved my children, too. And he's he's all right. Well, I know he's all right. All right. I know. When he filled me, he filled me through and through. And he's Oh, I feel like praising the Lord tonight. When he filled me, he filled me through and through. I said, "He's Well, I know." When he filled me, he filled me through and through. I said, "He's He's all right." Well, he's all right. All [Music] [Applause] [Music] right. Well, I think he's all right. Amen. Isn't God good? How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. You love the Lord. You love one another. Amen. Well, we ready to have church. Amen. My God is so good. Isn't he wonderful tonight? Amen. How many's here to hear something from the word of God that would be a help to you? And my I just thank God for all that he's done for us. I was just praying on the way here and getting ready for the service and I thought, Lord, I ain't nothing that I could have that would be a help to anybody. Nothing I could say that could help you, but if God would come by and minister to his children, we can leave and know we've all been helped. Amen. So, that's our desire tonight is to allow the Lord to have his way in this service. Amen. Amen. Just certainly a privilege to be able to serve the Lord with precious brothers and like precious faith. And Amen. May God bless each one of you tonight. How many has a need on their heart tonight? Maybe something that you just ask the Lord to come by and do for you. And some I know that God is certainly uh able to do uh all that we could ever ask him. And how many believes that that God is able? Amen. It doesn't matter what it looks like. Brother Sean was saying, doesn't matter how dark it gets or how hard the battle gets, we serve a God that is able. And you know, I think about that often. You know, God, not only is our God able, but he's also willing. So to have a God that's willing and able. We've got we've got an answer to our prayer. Amen. And so won't we just in invite him to come tonight. May you just bow your head together and if you have something on your heart, just lift your hand to the Lord and ask him that he would come by our way. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is to serve you. Lord, as sons and daughters of God, Lord, we come gathered in this tent tonight. And Lord, what a lovely atmosphere, Lord is here. And Lord, a perfect place, Lord, for you to come and have fellowship with the bride of Jesus Christ. Lord, we realize our weaknesses and our failures and the inabilities of our flesh. But Lord, we didn't come here relying upon our own efforts, Lord, but we come to surrender to you. Lord, we ask you that you would have your way in this meeting tonight. God, you know every heart, every need, Lord. God, we come to you tonight. Lord, you know the very hour that we're living in. And Lord, we just ask you that you would come and you would meet each one of us here, Lord. God, as we find ourselves here at the foot of the cross, Lord, we ask, Lord, that you would meet each need. Lord, I pray something would be said to encourage the bride, Lord, that we would leave this place, Lord, knowing that we had been in your presence, Lord. And Lord, we'll be so careful to give you the glory for all that you've done here tonight. We thank you for it. Lord, we ask you to anoint this word in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. We just want to invite you in the scripture to the book of of John and we're going to read out of the ninth chapter and we'll go from the first verse, John 9 and one. Just want to bring you greetings from our home church there in Arkansas and I know several of them are on the uh service tonight and some many that came out. Appreciate all of the efforts to come to the meeting and Amen. Just give you a moment to to get there. John the 9th chapter in the first B uh verse and just something the Lord has really been pressing on my heart and I know you can't ever go wrong when you just follow the leadership of the Lord. Amen. Amen. So we'll just read John the 9th chapter the first verse. The Bible said, "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin that this man or his parents that he was born blind?" And Jesus answered, "Neither hath this man sin, nor his parents, but that the works of God should be made manifest in him. For I must work the works of him that sent me, and while it is day, for the night cometh, when no man can work. But as long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world." And when he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and he made clay of spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay. And he said unto him, "Go wash in the pool of Saleom, which is by interpretation sent." And he went his way, therefore, and he washed, and he came seeing. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word tonight. And I would like to speak on this subject as you take your seats on the healer, the believer, and the Pharisee. The healer, the believer, and the Pharisee. Here in our opening scripture, I found uh one of the great stories of the Bible. As we would read through this story and uh you know, you can find that this is a story of salvation. It's a story of healing, a story of perseverance. It's a story of revelation. Uh it's a story of compassion. There's many things that we could take uh out of this story in the John the 9th chapter. And you know, I've always loved uh this testimony of this blind man because uh he had a condition that he carried from his birth. And you know uh when you think about this man's condition, I always thought that that was something that applied to all of us. See uh each one of us, we were born under the same kind of birth. We all came uh into the world the same way and each one of us was born in the same spiritual condition. And so uh we can always find oursel in this story because uh we were born under the curse of this flesh. And but then the story tells us what takes place when a man with this condition meets Jesus. I think that's wonderful here. This man is sitting as a blind man over on the side of the road. And the Bible says, "But when Jesus passed by him, he saw him." I thought that's just wonderful right there. Here's a man that couldn't see, but Jesus saw him. Isn't that the way it is when when you didn't know he was there, but he saw you all along? And and so he saw him and the disciples began to ask. They said, "Lord, who sin that would cause this man to be born blind." And I'm sure when they got to talking about him that all of a sudden it got his attention that here he couldn't see what was going on. But he could hear him as they would talk about his condition and say, "Lord, you know, here sets a man that's blind and what happened to him? Why is he blind? Did he do something wrong? Did something happen? Uh did his parents do something wrong?" And here, although he couldn't see what was going on, I'm sure I'm sure his ears perked up whenever they got to talking about his condition and and where he was. And I, you know, I thought here he was sitting there and all of a sudden he heard the words of Jesus for the first time. He heard the voice of Jesus. And the words that he spoke was, "This man has never sinned. It wasn't nothing that he done. It wasn't his fault. It wasn't his cause." He said, "But he was born this way so that the works of God could be made manifested in him." I thought what faith it must have gave him that day to hear Jesus say it was that God's works might be manifested in him and Jesus told him he and the Bible said he made clay and he put it on his eye he said go wash in the pool of Saleom the Bible said he went and he washed and he came see you know I thought this wonderful here this man comes back he as he obeyed the Lord and when he come back from that place the people they they they would look at him and you know here he had been changed he had been uh uh healed of his condition but when people would look at And they said, "You know, that looks like that boy that used to sit by the wayside. You remember the blind boy that used to be in that condition? You remember the boy that was born in that condition? He used to sit by the way over there and beg. But don't he look an awful lot like him?" And as he spoke up, he said, "No, it's me. It's me. I I'm the one that was there. It was me that was blind." See, and he looked a little different. You know, he may maybe he maybe he didn't have that same old beggar clothes. He He could walk. He could see straight. He could see differently. He didn't stumble around anymore. He he he could walk upright. He he he kind of walked with a little sense of pride that he didn't used to have. And he said, "Well, you know, it looks a lot like him." He said, "No, it's me." And you know, as he would begin to tell his testimony, I love as he begins to talk to them and and they would ask this question, "What happened to you? What you know, I wonder how many times that somebody met you out out in the world and say, you know, what happened to you? I remember what it used to be like, but what something's changed about you? You're a little different than you used to be." And and he got an opportunity to share his testimony. And he said, you know, he said, I he said, how? He said, I was sitting there one day and a man called Jesus came by my way and he made some clay out of the ground and he had put it on my eyes and he anointed in my eyes and he told me to go to the pool and wash and and I would receive my side. And you know what I did? I obeyed the word of the Lord and I went down to the pool and I washed and I came back seeing. But friends, it wasn't enough to satisfy them. They got to questioning in their heart what was taking place. It was something supernatural. It was something beyond their understanding. I thought many times that's the way it is when we look at somebody. Only God could have changed that man. It it would take the supernatural to change that life cuz I know the condition that he was in. So there was something that was beyond their understanding. And so they brought him to the house of the Pharisee and they asked and the Pharisees began to ask him, "What do you say of the man that opened your eyes?" I love how he responds. He wasn't ashamed of nothing. He said, "I say that man was a prophet." They said, 'Well, how can you say he's a prophet?' He said, 'Well, let me tell you how. Cuz he told me if I go to the pool and I wash and I and I obey the word of God, then when I wash and I'm going to get out of the water, then I'm going to have my son. He said, and I went down to the pool and I washed just like he said and I came back seeing. See, only a prophet could know that if I obeyed the word of the Lord that I would come back with my sight. And the very thing he said would happen, it happened in my life. He says, he says, "So I say he's a prophet." Well, you know, you know what they done? They couldn't handle they couldn't swallow that. So the Pharisees begin to talk among themselves and they they would ask him, they said, "Well, you know what? I don't even know if this man ever was blind to begin with. Maybe maybe he wasn't even ever in that condition. You know what? Maybe this old testimony is just a farce and and it's all made up." And so they called his parents down by the way and they and they asked him. They said, "Was he blind?" He said, "Well, he was certainly blind." And but and they said, "Well, won't you tell us how he received his sight?" But you know what the Bible said? It said the Jews had agreed already that if a man would confess Jesus Christ, he would be put out of the synagogue. So his parents, they wouldn't stand behind his testimony because they didn't want to have that kind of confession. So when they were put on the spot, they said, "Well, we don't know. Why don't you just ask him? He's of age." And so they got they turned back to him and they said, "Well, I'll tell you what. We we we they came up with a way that everybody could agree on it." They said, "Why don't you just give God the praise and leave this man's name out of it?" I tell you, if you'll just give God the praise and you'll leave this man out of it, then we can go along with you. Won't you just give the glory to God? For we know this man ain't nothing but a sinner cuz he tries to take the place of God. You know what he said? He said, "Whether he be a sinner or not, I don't know." He said, "But one thing I do know is one day I was blind and the next day I could see." They said, "Well, how does this man open the eyes of the blind?" He said, "I don't know how he does it. All I know is that he does it. I don't know how he does it. All I know is that he does it." And the Bible said they got angry with him. They reviled him. They bered him. They mocked him. They made fun of him. And finally, they got rid of him. They threw him out of the church on the outside of the city. But the Bible said, "But Jesus heard that they had cast him out and he came down and he when he found him, you know what it means for Jesus to find you? It means he was looking for you." He said, "And when he found him, he said, do you believe on the son of God?" I love this man's answer. He said, "Well, who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?" See, he didn't deny that God would have a son. He didn't deny that the very creator of heaven and earth that was only known in spirit that they had all heard of but yet they had never seen that he would have a son upon the earth in a human body. The very thing that seemed so unbelievable to the world yet this man did not deny. He said but who is he Lord that I might believe on him? And Jesus answered and he said unto him thou hast both seen him and it is he that talkth with thee. Oh, I love what he said. He said, "Lord, I believe." And he fell down and he worshiped him. I wonder how many believers that we have here tonight. I wonder how many believers that they that could say, "Lord, I believe and I've come to worship you. Lord, I'm a believer and I come to worship you." I think what a response it was of a believer. I might not be able to explain it all, but there's something in me that makes me believe. Friends, let me tell you something I find wonderful about being a believer. In order to be a believer, there's never been a requirement that you had to be a teacher. In order to be a believer, there's no requirement that you have to be a preacher. To be a believer, you don't have to be an evangelist. You don't have to be a prophet. You don't have to be a great man. There's never been a God- called man or woman that's ever done anything for the Lord that wasn't first a believer in God. You know, I think I think, well, we may as well preach anyway. We're in a tent meeting. I get so tired of seeing people put under so much pressure to be a somebody. It seems like everybody's trying to make anybody a somebody. And they put so much pressure. I think the church puts more pressure on people sometimes than the world puts on them. It's a pressure to perform, a pressure to speak in tongues, a pressure to prophesy. But let me tell you what happens when you get under that kind of pressure. You fail to focus. you lose focus on the calling that God placed in your life. But let me tell you what my Bible said. It never said that all things are possible to them that prophesy. Or if you can speak in tongues that all things are possible. Or if you can sing that all things are possible. Or if you can preach, then all things are possible. But my Bible said if thou canst believe, then all things are possible to them that believe. See, that's our calling in the church of the living God. Our calling is first to be a believer. That's what the Bible said. He said, "Make your calling and election sure." You know what the Bible was talking about? That calling come from the Greek word cliches, which meant the call or the summons of God to be a follower of God and accept his gift of salvation and all of the blessings that go along with it. So, so make your calling and election sure that God had a divine purpose of your life to be able to accept the very message of the hour. I've made my call. I want to know how many tonight could say, "I've made my calling." And intellectually sure, I am a believer. I thank God for preachers. Without them, we wouldn't be here. I thank God for evangelism. Without evangelists, we never would have heard the call. I thank God for good pastors. Without pastors, we'd be sheep that was scattered in the field. But you know what? I thank God for all the singers. I thank God for the musicians that would come and sing and create an atmosphere where the word of God can go forth. How needed is it? And I thank God for those that would come, men and women that would come and serve the Lord. They prepare meals for meetings like this. There's brothers that turn on the lights. There's brothers that runs sound. There's sisters that take care of children. All the things that happens, the labor that is taking place just to be able to have a meeting like this or a meeting with God. But you know what I'm so thankful for the most? I'm thankful for believers. You know why? Cuz without believers, you would never see a miracle. Without believers, you never see the supernatural. Without believers, you never see the hand of God. But when you get believers together, you're going to see God move. When you get believers together, you can see the supernatural. Believers come together, it brings a resurrection in the church. Friends, I got news for you. There's enough skeptics. There's enough critics. There's enough naysayers. But what about some believers that believe in the supernatural and the power of God and the presence of the Holy Ghost? Brother said, "I believe he's here now. I believe the Holy Spirit is here because he does the same thing that he always does. He said, "So we don't have to be suspicious anymore because our suspicion only hinders the other believers." He said, "But what about we just get in one accord and say, God, we thank you for sending the Holy Ghost and we believe it and it's you and we accept you and we don't think it's spiritualism or some spook, but we believe it's you because the scripture said so. You promised it and I'm here to receive it cuz I am a believer. How many believers we have here tonight? Our story has three main characters. There's a healer, a believer, and a Pharisee. Brother Daryl, you know, the more I thought about this story, the more I realized that it didn't end in John the 9th chapter. It didn't end in the days of Jesus or even in the days of the disciples. But as you read through the Bible, you'll notice that these characters continue to appear. You can see him down there at the gate when Peter and John met the lame man and that Peter looked at him. He said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, I give unto thee. In the name of Jesus Christ, rise up and walk." You know what that man? He could have sat in his condition. He could have he could have not got up. He could have argued. He could have fallen. But the Bible says, "But he leaping stood up and he walked and entered with him into the temple walking and leaping and praising God." We find him again in Apostle Paul who was a Pharisee. But by the angel of the Lord, his eyes became open and Paul became a believer. And the Bible says that same Paul that miracles were worked at at Paul's hands in so much that from his body they took aprons and the sick was healed and diseases departed from people because of the healing or the miracles uh that was in in Paul's life. We see these all through the scripture even even in the second century. We see this this this great Pharisee in the second century when when the Roman Catholic Church would come to take the name of Jesus out of water baptism. you you can read it in their own encyclopedia of uh the Catholic encyclopedia volume 2 page 263. It says the baptismal formula was changed from the name of Jesus Christ to the words father son and holy spirit by the catholic church in the second century. In other words, you can say god did it but we just don't want his name involved. So so we we we see this all through time. We continue to see this same this same uh characters. They they showed up in Zurich in Switzerland when brother Brandon would talk about brother Billy Graham and he went over and preached the meetings and and and he preached on the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. He said when he left they put an article in the paper and said he wasn't nothing but an American soap salesman. He went right behind him in in Brother Bam's meetings. There was miracles with miracles and signs and and wonders in the very meetings that Brother Bam had. They proved the very thing that Brother Billy Graham was preaching. It it proved the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. But you know what they did? They put an article in the paper and said he's nothing but an American soothsayer come in to get all these people worked up and and some spook or something. He said, "But notice Jesus Christ, he came as a prophet like John Billy Graham. He was preaching repentance and then he come back around in an oldfashioned campaign of heal the sick and prophesy and all of the different signs and wonders. But it's still the same ungodly Pharisee spirit that lives out yonder in a church atmosphere instead of under the shakina glory. You hear what the prophet saying that the Pharisee was not a person but the Pharisee was a spirit. Hello somebody. So here he said it's a spirit and I got news for you. This spirit of the Pharisee is a spirit of unbelief in the deity of Jesus Christ. It's an ungodly spirit that refuses the shakana glory. And by reputation, the Pharisee, he's a critical spirit. He's a jealous spirit. He's a selfish spirit. And friends, I got news for you tonight that that Pharisee, he may challenge the healer, but he'll never stop the believers. I say, "God is still a healer." I wonder how many tonight say, "God is still a healer." How many can raise your hand tonight and say, "I know God is still a healer." I could pass this microphone around and every one of us can tell testimonies of God being a healer. I'm sure we could we could get a thousand testimonies tonight of of things that God has done because God is still a healer. You know, here few months ago or couple years back, me and a and a brother in the church, a lady in in town was trying to sell a house. And so he wanted me to go over there and look at it with him. And and so we went we went in the house and, you know, kind of looking around to see what kind of house it was and such. And we walked in, of course, we go back through the rooms and and I noticed back in the back bedroom there was a picture of Brother Brandham on one of the walls. I never knew the lady. So, you know, I walked back out. You know, our conversation just changed. And and I walked back and I said, "Ma'am, I noticed that you had a a picture of Brother Benham back there in in one of the bedrooms." I said, "I thought that was quite nice." She said, "Oh, that's a that's a family heirloom that's been passed down from my mother to me." And and she said, "You know, there's a story behind that picture." I said, "Well, there is. I I wouldn't mind hearing that." And and she said, "Well," and she got to telling me, "She's an elder lady. Her husband had passed away, a widow lady there." and and uh and she said, "You know, my mother," she said, "Back uh many years ago." And and my mother had been diagnosed in Jonesboro with tuberculosis. And back in Arkansas, there wasn't very many places you could go when you had tuberculosis. Remember, it was a great pandemic. And and and so she said my mom had had made an appointment at I believe it was in Benton or somewhere in Arkansas where they had the sanatorium where they would send people. But the problem was is that there was so many people that had the disease and that there wasn't enough beds for people to go. And so here she was on the list on a waiting list to get on the bed. And and so here in the in the days that had gone by in the time of waiting and and she had listened to radio programs and they got to advertising meetings and got you know had some temper bibles like this and got to advertise the meetings and and she started hearing testimonies and meetings that was taking place in brother Bram's meetings and or healings and and and and so she went to her husband and something just kind of sparked in her. She went to him and she said, you know, she said, "I I heard about this this person that got healed. They were giving their testimony down there in Corning, Arkansas that got healed and this other person from over in West Memphis that got healed and and she was hearing about all these testimonies. She got excited and she went telling her husband, you know, maybe if I can go down to that meeting, you know, they say this man's a prophet. He's got quite a gift of healing on his life and man, if we could just go to the meeting then then then I then maybe God would heal me, too. And her husband said, "Well, well, you know, that that's just a thing to" and this is the lady's testimony. She said, "But you know, he just kind of felt like it was all for the money. they just done it to take up offerings and stuff like that. And he said, "No, we ain't going to have no part of that. We've already got her appointment set and we're on the list at the at the doctor and and so she just got to praying." He said, "She or she said she she just prayed and asked the Lord and it became a burden on her heart and the more she listened to it and the more testimonies, the more the faith build and and so she began to call out to the Lord, Lord, would you make a way that I could go to the meeting?" And and so here it came down at the the time that this meeting was advertised and and they got a phone call from the doctor and they said that your bed is available. They've got a room for you uh and to be able to come and and so so she you know she went out that night. She said my mom wept and prayed all night asking the Lord that he would change my dad's mind that the next morning that he would take her to that meeting. They were supposed to go to the doctor. So the next day she said she prayed all night. The next day she got up and she even took her Sunday dress with her and packed it in the in the luggage because she wanted to make sure that the Lord was going to answer her prayer and he was going to take her to the meeting. She said, "I believe if I go to that meeting," she went down, told her husband. She said, "We need to go to the meeting. I really believe that if I can never get to that meeting, I'm going to receive my healing. I believe that that's a prophet of God. I've heard enough testimonies. I there's something in me. I believe that God can take this take this condition from me." But you know what her husband done? He said, "I'm not going to fall for it. We've already got an ab. been waiting a long time for a bed. If we miss it now, we'll never be able to get it. He put her in the car and he drove her to the hospital. She said she cried the whole way to that hospital saying, "Lord, I'm so sorry. I tried to tell him and I tried to get there and I know you put it on my heart to go, but let me tell you what happened." She said, "My mom went into the hospital and the doctors came in and they they ran the test on her for tuberculosis and the doctor came back into her room. He said, "Ma'am, I don't know what doctor in Jonesboro ever told you that you had tuberculosis." He said, "But you're perfectly well. There ain't nothing wrong with you at all." I thought my here this woman that there wasn't nobody there. Here she weep all night. But the Bible said weeping shall endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. There wasn't nobody there that could lay hands on her. There was no one there to motivate her. There was no one there to encourage her, but still yet in her was the ability to be able to receive her healing. I say tonight, our characters are very much alive. There's a Pharisee. There's a healer. And there's a believer. They were alive in John the 9th chapter. They were alive through the age of the apostles. They were alive in the dark ages. They were alive in the days of brother Brandham. And they're still alive today. And I've got news for you this or tonight that you don't have to look very far to find them. You can look in the church world and you can find them scattered around. And there's a whole lot more of one than there is of the other. Matter of fact, you can go to your local churches and you'll find all three of them. You can go down to my church and you'll find all three of them. You can go to every meeting and all three of them will be in the meeting. Even in this meeting tonight, you'll find a Pharisee and a healer and a believer. They're all three present. Everywhere you go, they're going to be there. You say, "Brother Matt, how do you know that?" Let me tell you how I know. Cuz brother Brown said, "We are a triune being. We're made up of body, soul, and spirit." Can I tell you a little about it tonight? He said, "And in you is a soul, and that soul belonged to God before the foundation of the world." He said, "But the that real ordained of God, that real gene, the germ, the soul of God that was in God before the foundation of the world." He said, "See, it's not it's not who you are, but but it's not what you are, but it's who you are." See, if your soul was a part of God, then it's been seeking God, and God's been seeking it. And that's why you were never satisfied in this world because you always were a part of God. That's why you hungered and thirsted for another life because you always were a part of God. And and then when you heard the word, that believer in you that was always a part of God. It responded to the word of God. And brother Bham said, "Now it's a finished thing with God, it's already settled." He said, "Every believer was sealed with this promise from the very beginning." Because before the foundation of the world, we were predestinated under the adoption of sons before the world ever began. He said, "I pray that the master would pick up that faith that you've got and streak across the word and may the tune come back in your ear that thou has been ordained before the foundation of the world to believe this." I say tonight that we've been ordained to be believers. I didn't just become a believer. I've always been a believer. And that part of you that was always a believer of the word of God, it's been buried up in this robe of flesh. But that real believer, that part of you that truly believes the word, it's always been there. But see, not all of you is a soul. There's another part of us that is a spirit man. Brother B would teach on on the on on healing. You notice what he would say? Healing takes place in where? In the spiritual realm. Remember when he would show through these healing campaigns, there would be a person come up with blinded eyes. It never was a flesh problem. Brother B said it was a blind what? Spirit. It was a blind spirit. It's a spirit that would wrap around some nerve. It was it when the deaf and dumb, it was a deaf and dumb spirit. Cancer, it was a demonic spirit. And he would show us how that these diseases, the demonic spirits had came into the world after the fall in the garden. So you realize it's a flesh problem. So So it can't be healed by the flesh, but it takes a spiritual healing. He said, see, that's why he would say, who wants to come and be healed by the spirit of God? So that's why he said even when Jesus would heal, it wasn't the flesh of Jesus that was healing anybody, but it was the spirit. It was the life that was on the inside of him. It was the spirit upon him. Matter of fact, the person actually asked this question to am I okay? He asked this question in 1964. He said, "Can every son of God be anointed to do miracles and signs and wonders or is it at the direction of the Holy Ghost?" Listen how brother Ben answers this. He said, "Yeah, it's at the direction of the Holy Ghost." He said, "But if you are a son of God or a daughter of God, whatever you are, when you have received the Holy Spirit, then the Holy Spirit directs you to do things." And then he starts telling a testimony about a little lady over in Meridian, Mississippi. When brother Bigby put on his campaign meeting, he said that lady was sitting there in that great auditorium. And here comes a little mama holding a baby, a blue baby. Remember? She said when she passed by me, you know, something on her heart. So told her, "You go pray for that baby." She said, "Well, I can't go pray for that baby." You know, after all, we're at Brother Ma's meetings. And you know, she come here to get to get healing. And and so she just kind of waited a little bit later hear that mama come back by again. And she noticed in her hand she had a prayer card. And she said, you know, that the spirit kept telling her, "Go pray for that baby. Go pray for that baby. Go lay your hands on that baby." She said, "But but but but she had a prayer card." She said, "Now I know that that'd be silly for me to go pray for my well that mama wouldn't want me praying for a child. After all, she's here to see Brother Brown. She's got a prayer card in her hand. But but something just kept pressing on her. She finally she said, "Well, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll just get it out of my system and and I'll just let her have my seat." So here she was right there near the front. And when the lady came back by, she said, you know, ma'am, she said, would you like to sit down? She gave her she gave her her seat. And you know, she kind of I can just see this little lady sitting there. She kind of sit there a minute and nervous as she was. She said, you know, sis, you know, I noticed she had a prayer card. She said, "Yeah, I yeah, I have one." She said, "Boy, I sure hope your number gets called." She goes, "Yeah, I do too. I I hope it does. We're we're hoping and praying." She said, "Well, you know, I this may sound a little bit odd, but you know, the whole time you've been walking in here, there's something been pressing on me to pray for your baby. would you allow me to lay my hands on your baby now? I don't want to offend you in any way. And the lady said, "Well, sure. I I wouldn't mind that. You go ahead and pray for her." So that little lady, she she laid her hands on the child and she prayed a prayer of faith. Well, then after she after she got done praying, she got up and she went way up up up in about three levels of balconies away and a gentleman gave his seat up to her and and so after a little a few minutes, Brother Bam comes in the meeting and and they they start he gives a little word and then he starts calling people forth and calling the prayer cards and that lady got so excited up there in the top rows when she looked down and saw that the prayer card that that little lady with a baby that she was third or fourth in line. She said, "Oh, she was up at the front of Elijah." She got so excited cuz now brother Benham's going to be able to pray for her baby. And so and so she finally she walks up there and she and brother Ma'am goes and he he takes the child. He goes to pray for it. He said, "Ma'am," he said, "you come here." He told her her name, where she was from. He said, "You come here to receive healing for your baby. You got a a little blue baby." He said, "But there's only one problem. Your baby's already been healed." He said, "There's a lady sitting up in the balcony about the third level up. over the fourth row down and this is her name and this is where she come from and the spirit of the Lord ministered to her and told her to pray for your baby and God has already healed her. He said if that woman wouldn't have obeyed the Lord he said then the then it would have caused a rebuke in the meeting. He said so yes we can all do miracles when you're directed by the Holy Ghost to do miracles. You go do it because it's Holy Spirit directed. He said if she wouldn't have carried out what God told her to do, he said it might have been a rebuke in the spirit. If she'd have disobeyed the Lord, he said, "But that's always if you're a Christian and something is persuading you to do something, then you go do it. Don't doubt it. Just go do it." Oh, I know what the devil says. Brother Sean said, "I can have my liberty." I know what the devil said. Brother Maggie, you better be careful. What's going to happen? You're going to have people walking around praying for one another. God forbid. Oh, I know what's going to happen. that people are are going to start believing in the power of prayer and people are laying hands on one another and they'll be calling sisters to their house in the middle of the night to lay their hands on their children having having people expecting miracles again. Oh friends, I got news for you tonight. I think we need to take the limits off of God anyway. I think we put too many limits that God ain't big enough cuz he can't work through little people. Ain't that the word of a Pharisee? God can't work through a little person. God can't work through a little dishwoman. God can't work for a young man or a young boy. But I got news for you. Our God is big enough to work through the little. Oh, hallelujah. If he can work through me, he can work through anybody. That was the problem with the Pharisee to begin with, that God was too big to use a man in that way. That's why people still live with problems because God's too big to to use in that way. That they stop praying. They stop asking God for things. In the minds of people, God has become too small to do anything. Hallelujah. [Music] My goodness. Can I have some liberty? You know what? You know what that reminds me of? I I don't want to put this out there, but any of y'all ever been to Disney World? Don't raise your hand, but there's a ride at Disney World. It's called It's a Small World After All. You get on there on this little got this little boat and you get in there. It's the worst thing you ever done. If you hadn't done it, don't don't experience it. I had a little girl. She insisted. But when you get on there, they take a little boat and it goes through and it's got all these little wooden scary dolls that jump around. It's a small world after all. It's a and they go to singing and then they go to the next country and it sings in another language. Goes to the next country, sings in another language. Worst nightmare. I didn't know you could have a nightmare in 20 languages, but you can. It's a nightmare. They thought the Haunted Mansion was scary. It ain't got nothing on. It's a small world. I'd rather be drugged behind that boat with my head banging on the rail that's driving it than sitting in it looking at them wooden dolls singing it's a small world after all. But you see what they done is they actually designed it to where they could build it in a way that the world would seem small to you. They designed it in such a way that you could go through it all and you could see it all and that's all there is to offer. So the world could look small and so it show you how much we're connected. I thought my it may be that way with the world, but it ain't that way with God. I think too many people have made God too small anyway. They may supposed to get up and sing the song special in church. He's a small God after all. But I got news for you. My God ain't a small God. He's a great big God. He's He's omniresent. He's omnipotent. He's unlimited in power and has the ability to do all things. And brother Bam said, "It ain't only God that's omnipotent, but any man that's fully surrendered to God is an omnipotent man." And what happens when two omnipotent meet? He said, "When God and man comes together," he said, "wo omnipotence be that something's got to shake." And whatever you say with that creative power of the omnipotence of God, knowing that he promised it, he said it in his word, he creates a power and goes out yonder and bring things to pass. Things that and it makes them as though they are because two omnipotents have met. He's an omnipotent God. You say, "Brother Matt, I don't feel omnipotent." That's the way we feel. I I don't feel very big. I don't feel that kind of power in my life. Maybe reminds me of that little boy that was sitting by the side of the road that day. remember when he was sitting there and he had his head bowed. He was saying A B C D E F G H I J K L M M N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N O P. Pastor walked by where he was. He said, 'Young man, he said, "What in the world are you doing?" He said, "Well, I wanted to give my heart to the Lord." He said, "You're sitting there saying your ABCs." He said, "Well, sir, it's because I don't know how to pray and I don't know what words to say. So, I thought I'd just give God all the letters and let him make out the words. I'm not very big. I don't I may not know a whole lot of things, but but I'm just going to give the letters to God and let God work. I thought, my it don't take big words to get God moving in your life. All it takes is a surrendered heart to allow God to move on the scene and be able to minister and change things in your life. Friends, I've got news for you tonight. There ain't enough words to describe him. There ain't enough letters to define him. I can tell you right now, if you took your ABCs, you could find every letter in our alphabet and you could preach a message on it of the greatness of our God. A, he's almighty. B, he's a boundless God. That means he's not confined by the world or the limits that man would put on him. Solomon said, "Heaven and the heavens cannot contain thee. How much less than this house that I have built?" Our God is a boundless God. His mercy is boundless. His love is boundless. His grace is boundless. He's a boundless God. See, he's a God of compassion. Oh, that's what Jesus said to the multitude when they were hungry. He said, "I have compassion on the multitude." The Bible said he's compassionate and gracious and he's slow to anger. D, he's a deliverer and he's a dependable God. That means you can rely on him to do what he says he's going to do. E, he's an eternal God. He never had a beginning and he never how I may as well preacher. He never had a beginning and he never had an end. F. He's a faithful God. David said, "Thy faithfulness shall be established in the heavens." And I I got news for you tonight. Not only was it established in the heavens, but it's been established on the earth. It's been established in the heart of every believer. Our God is a faithful God. Gee, he's gracious. He's glorious. He's generous. He's a great God. H, he's a holy God. He set apart one. He's always right. He's blameless and pure. Isaiah said, "I saw them sitting upon the throne, and the angels were crying, holy, holy, holy to the Lord of hosts. I He's our mall. He's He's immortal. He'll never decay. He'll never cease to exist." Jesus said, "You can destroy this temple in three days. I'll build it back up again." But I got news for you. He ain't the only immortal one. He said, "But one day, this mortality will put on immortality, and you'll be just like God is." No wonder Paul said, "Thou unto the King, eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen." J, he's a just God. K, he's kindness. L, he's a God of love. M, he's merciful. N, he's never failing. I ain't got time to preach him. O, he's a one God. And let me tell you something else about it. He's on time. He ain't never whenever you need him, he's always on time. He's our God. P, he's perfect. That means he can never do wrong. Q, he has quickening power. He can take the dead and bring it back to life. He has the power to bring forth. R, he's righteous. S, he's sovereign. T, he's a true God. He'll never tell you a lie. You, he's unchanging. He's unwavering. He's unconquerable. He's our God. He's victorious. For the letter V W, he's a God of wisdom. That's what Paul said. He said, "The depths of the riches, both the wisdom and the knowledge of God." Hallelujah. He's a God of wisdom. But let me tell you what else. He's a God that that that John when he would see, he would we be weeping. He said, "I found no man worthy to open the book and loose the seals thereof." But then all of a sudden, the the elders called to him and said, "Oh, John, behold, don't we, but the line of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seals thereof." And the Bible said when he turned around, he said, "I saw a bloody lamb standing there." And you know what those elders done? They fell down before him. They and they begin to cry out, "Worthy is the lamb that was slain. Worthy is the one that was able to take the book and open the seals thereof and redeem us to God by his blood." X, he's extraordinary. That's free right there. He's an extraordinary God. Why? He's Yahweh. The Bible would say the self-existing Lord. But let me tell you the best part about why he's your God. [Applause] He's your God. He's your God. He's your God. He's your God. He He He said, "I they will be my people and I will be their God." He's not just a God, but he's your God. But Ram said, "We have a personal relationship with him." You see, he's a zealous God. You know what it means? It means he displays a great energy or purpose in his pursuit. He's God. He's a zealous God. That means when God comes after you, he won't ever quit. He don't give up. He's got the energy to follow you to the ends of the earth. He's got the energy to follow you into the depths and the lowest parts of your life and be able to bring you out. He's a zealous God and he hasn't ever lost a one. I say he's God. He's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords. He's the Alpha. He's the Omega. He's the beginning and the end. There ain't enough letters to define him. There ain't enough words to describe him. He's my God. He's God in the Father. He's God and the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's Elohim, the self-existing one. He's God that's present among us this evening. He's our God. He's our God. Let me tell you where the struggle is. The struggle is not with the healer. It's not with the believer. But the struggle is with the Pharisee. It's the Pharisee. Said, "Here we are talking about this flesh of ours." He said, "It's a old cockabar nature. The life of a believer, it's like a cockabar out in the field. The shell is a cockaur, but inside is a wheat life." He said, "The life of that cockar, it's been taken out. But the nature of it still sticky. And until this life has been fully developed out of the ground and raised up again, when it comes forth, then it'll no longer be a cocoa bar, but it'll be wheat. But while it's here on the earth, that cockaur, it's still sticky. It's but it's got the nature of wheat on the inside of it. He said, "And as long as you're in this life, you're going to be sticky and have a carnal nature that's going to bother you as long as you live. But the inside of you, you're born again. And when you're raised up, you're in the likeness of Christ and all that sin is gone from you. You know what that tells me? That every true Christian, every man or woman, you can find all three of those characters. You can find the healer, you can find the believer, and you can find the Pharisee. I can prove this to you cuz every time God does something supernatural, there's a part of you that always wants to believe it. But then notice what happens sometimes whenever you hear a testimony, sometimes instead of the believer showing up, the Pharisee shows up first. He says, "You know what? I I just find that hard to believe." And you hear a testimony of the blinded eyes that was open in a meeting. Well, you know what? I I don't know about that. You know, I could see it maybe back when Jesus was here. Maybe when Brother Man was here, maybe when one of these great meetings, but but but I don't know about that. What? It's the Pharisee that's showing up. He said, "I don't see if it's true or not." You look what he does whenever God starts working in a church and and all of a sudden the Pharisee would rise up. Well, I don't know if that's God or not. If God was going to move, then God would probably use me. Or if God was going to do a great work, wouldn't God do that great work through us? You see, because it's always a Pharisee. I watch that spirit. I I don't know why they let them sing. I I don't know why they let that brother preach. I don't know why they do this that way. I don't know why they have meetings in Virginia. And I I don't know why they put the tent down in the hole where the water could get in. I I don't know why this. There's a Pharisee that's always trying to combat the things of God. It will turn them. Let me tell you what'll happen, friends. That Pharisee will rob you of every spiritual blessing that God has ever had for you. He'll cause you to turn down every move of God. It'll cause you to resist God. And when God moves, it'll cause you to sit back and be criticized the very thing that the Holy Ghost is doing. But let me tell you what we ought to do tonight. I think it's about time that we just rebuke the Pharisee and let the believer in us rise up and declare the works of a living God. I wonder how many tonight can say I come to declare him for I am a believer. A believer it's a person who believes that a specified thing is effective and proper and desirable. That's what a believer is. They believe a certain thing is effective and proper and desirable. So that means a believer of the word, it means that that person believes that the word is effective, it's proper and it's desirable. I thank God that I that here in the midst of Leosa that there's still a people that desire the word of God. That's what a believer is. It finds the thing they believe in is desirable. See, so when you say, "Brother man, I'm a believer." That means there's a desire in your heart for the word of God. It's the believer. Don't you realize the age that we're living in here is so prevalent? In the Leoa, the Bible said they were blind or they were they would say, "I am rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing." He said, "But they don't know that they're wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked." He said, "But what?" He said, "But but but I'm going to anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see." Isn't that something? That's what the old hunters used to do. Remember when somebody's eyes got matted over and it got cold and and that they would take the grease from the Brother Wayne's mom, she used to And if you ain't ever ate old the best you ever ate, she cooked it. My make it with some sweet potatoes and buddy, it was terrible. But it was the best you ever ate. But but uh not not a knock on our cooking. It's just the co but they're real greasy. Amen. So I know about that. Y'all do too. I looked up coons in hunting in Virginia. It's a real thing here too. Don't look at me like I'm from Arkansas. But but but but they would take this grease and they would save it up and they get them eyes all matted over, put the grease on and it would it would it would cause all that to clear up and then they could see again. But Ram said, "But here when you see the condition of the church," he said, "The church has found itself in a spiritual drought. It's a freezing spell." He said, "But it'll take more than congre to open the eyes of the church." See, it'll take the Isa of the Holy Ghost, the true revelation of the word of God. That's what was going on in in Leosia here, the move of Pentecost. He said they they got where they were more concerned about how big their church was. He said until they left God out of it. Or how smart their pastor was and they left God out of it. Or how much money they had and they left God out of it. He said, "But you'd be better off instead of having so many big churches if you just went back down on the street corner to a store mission and have God with us. Don't you think so?" I think that's the way it ought to be. I'd rather have a little church with God in it than a great big church without him. I'd rather have I'd rather be poor with God than to be rich without him. I'd rather die sick with God than to live well without him. Cuz if I died sick, at least I'd have a hope for a resurrection. I think it's time. He said, when the church gets organized and set down home and just a big bunch of cold statues, he said that's when the Holy Ghost moves out and starts a little latter rain. Glory to God. When they turn into a bunch of cold statues, then the Holy Ghost moves out and he starts some latter rain. He said, "That's what we need today. We need some old-fashioned God sent Holy Ghost preaching from the pull pit to straighten the church back out to let loose the grace of God and bring a people to repentance because we've got too formal and set down. Oh, hell. Hallelujah. You know what we need? I think that's what we need tonight is we need a little Holy Ghost rain in the church of the living God. You know what rain represents? Rain represents the spirit of God falling upon the earth. That's what Joel prophesied. He said in in the last days and when he talked about the restoration of the church, he said, "I have given you the former rain moderately, but God will cause to come down you the former rain and the latter rain in the first month and the floor shall be pul full of wheat and the vat shall overflow with wine and oil." How many knows what them rains were? The former rain which was a teaching rain and the in the in the in the in other words it was a planting rain and the latter rain was a harvest rain. So you know if you went ask an old farmer the farmer tell you what that meant. In other words, that when you're going to go plant a seed, you had to have a had to have a good rain to plant the seed in. That way, the seed could take and the the ground was prepared, had a good rain. That's a planting rain. In other words, that that's what he would call this teaching rain. But then when it came time for harvest, any good farmer would tell you that they need that last rain just before a harvest in order to cause the ears or the or the ears of the corn to fill up to their full potential. I thought, my isn't that good. here. They might be full and they might look good and they they might look good on the surface, but a good farmer says, "But what we need is a harvest rain." Cuz that harvest rain, it'll cause it to come. It'll fill the husk all the way to the top. It'll be able to man manifest all that it can be if we can get that harvest rain upon it. I I know what the devil said. We We don't We don't need We've already got the message. We don't need that no more. We don't need no that latter rain stuff. After all, we're not a bunch of Pentecostal babies and and we're under the headship of the word after all. Let me tell you what a prophet of God said. He shows what would happen in Leosa. He said this age started after the turn of the century. He said, "But it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride that she was at Pentecost." He said, "And we know that there must of by necessity be a return of dynamic power." Y'all catch that word? He said, "It must by necessity be a return." You know why? There was a necessity means there was a need for the church to return to a dynamic power. You said, "Well, brother Matt, what's the need of it?" The need is the church has to go into a rapture. The need is it's a time for harvest. He says, "So here, the people were waiting on this. The believers, they sensed it in their spirits. They got the calling out for God for an outpouring." He said, "And all of the sudden it seemed like the answer came when the in Isuza Street in that Pentecost." He said, "It looked like the answer came." He said as many be to speak in tongues they manifested the gifts of the spirit. It was believed that it was the very long awaited restoration of the church. They actually believed that that was the latter rain that fulfilled Jo the second chapter. But brother said but it couldn't been that. He said it wasn't that for the latter rain could not come until the former rain had came. See because the spring rain or the teaching rain had to come first and then the latter rain which is a harvest rain. He says, "So it could be the real thing. How could it be the real thing when the teaching reign had not yet come?" He said, "But then when the prophet messenger would come that was sent to teach the people and turn the hearts of the children back to their Pentecostal fathers, when he would come," he said, then then then the latter reign would have the ability to come. He said that's what they thought. They thought it to be the restoration. They thought it was the final quickening under the rapture. But but but it wasn't that. It had not come yet because it was a mixture of unrighteous partaking of the spiritual blessings and the manifesting of the Holy Ghost. I thought, my if there's an unrighteous partaking of of the of the of the of the spiritual blessing and manifesting the Holy Ghost, then what about a righteous partaking? What about those that are called to that are righteous by the word of God to be able to to manifest the very spirit of God? He said, "We knew it was the devil because it was a devil power. They were controlled by devils." He said, "They didn't seem to realize it, but I can prove that it wasn't real because in before the second generation appeared, they organized. They wrote unscriptural doctrines and they built their own fences around just like every other group around them did." He says, "See, so see where we are. Think about it where we are. Pentecost, it couldn't have been the latter rain. That's what people put it on. Well, that was that was something that happened in Pentecost. That's just a that's just a little revival. or something like that. Said, "But it couldn't have been that because the latter rain was a harvest rain. And you can't have a harvest if there never was a crop that was put in the ground." Are you hearing me? There can't be a harvest if there's no seed planted. He said, "So, see, the seed had to come first." That was the very purpose of Malachi 4. It was to plant the seed of the word. You said, "Well, brother M, what's he going to plant?" Let me tell you what a prophet said. He said, "He will plant the seed of the entire Bible from the serpent to the messenger in the formal reign." Friends, let me tell you tonight, rain is rain. Let me tell you the only difference between the former rain and the latter rain. It was the season that it came. Rain is the moving of the spirit of God upon the earth. It's the move of the spirit. That's what the Bible would tell us. It's the It's the spirit of God coming down on the earth. It was a different season, but it's the same rain. It's the move of the spirit that would bring things to pass. You think about it. In other words, that same Holy Ghost that done the teaching is the same Holy Ghost that does the harvesting. And brother Bam said, "And now we've had a a teaching rain, but we're now ready for the harvest rain." Oh, don't you see where we are? We're in harvest time. How many believes that tonight? This is harvest time. We ain't waiting on another age. He said it's harvest time. This is a season of the rapture. And let me tell you something tonight. I'm not afraid of a little bit of rain. I'm not afraid of the moving of the spirit. I'm not afraid of a revival. It takes the move of the spirit of God to bring the seed to life. That's what happened in the book of Genesis. The Bible says that God laid the seed beneath the waters. It was buried up in the earth. It was black. It was unformed. But then the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters and the seed brought forth life. So the moving of the spirit is what makes the sea grow. Friends, let me tell you, that's what we need today. We don't need a church movement. We need the moving of the spirit of God. So, let me tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to forget all my thoughts. I'm going to forget my feelings. I'm going to forget my problems. And I'm going to let the spirit of God move upon the face of the waters. I wonder how many can say, "Lord, that's what we need is a little bit of rain. It don't hurt to have a little rain upon our life. Let the revival of God pour out upon our life." Let me tell you friends, the problem is too many people come to church with an umbrella when the rain begins to fall. I don't want none of that getting on me. After all, I just bought this dress and you know, I sure hate to mess it up and my I don't want that. You know, it's too loud. I don't want none of that kind of rain. That's too much emotion in it. I don't want that kind of rain. That's too much liberty in it. I don't want that kind of rain. It's too loud. I'd hate to mess up my hair. They got the umbrella to keep the rain of God off of them. But I think what we ought to do this night is to take the umbrella and shuck it and let the rain of God fall up in the house of God. Hallelujah. I think we ought to shuck it. Oh, I think the I think we ought to just let the wind of wind of God blow through this building and break every umbrella that you're holding till it don't work no longer that the power of God could fall and you could stand in the presence of almighty God and just get soaked in his presence. I say, God, let it rain upon the people of God. Lord, let me be soaked in the presence of God from my head down to my feet. [Applause] It's harvest time. It's the season of rapture. Won't you stand to your feet tonight? It's the season of rapture. If we've already had a teaching reign, let me tell you what that means. It means that the seed has already been planted. Hello, somebody. Amen. If we've already had a harvest rain, that means the seeds already in the ground. You know what that means, brother Windle? That means you can turn to the devil and say, "Devil, you're too late. The seed's already been planted." Isn't that what Brother Bam said, "What happened in the garden?" He said, "The problem was that Satan got to Eve before before Adam did." He said, "But in this age, it didn't happen that way. God got to her first." Oh, hallelujah. I say, "Won't somebody look at the devil and say, "Devil, you're too late. It don't matter what he says. God done got to reverse. There's a seed in my life. There's a believer in me that God planted before the foundation of the world. And here, he planted his seed. And that seed has came to life." I say, "Devil, you're too late. It don't matter what he says." He said, "The days of miracles has passed." Brother Ram said, "You've come too late to tell me that God can't still do miracles." I say, "Devil, you're too late." He said, "You can't get your healing." I said, "You're too late." He said, "You can't have revival." I said, "You're too late." He said, "These young people can't be filled with the Holy Ghost." I said, "Devil, you're too late." Cuz the seed has already been planted and there are children can be saved. Oh, you can't have a rapture. You're too late. There won't be a body change. You're too late. You'll never be anything with God. I say, devil, you're too late. For the seed has already been planted in the bride of Jesus Christ. I say, devil, you're too late. You're too late. Hallelujah. You're too late. You can't be free. You're too late. You can't get delivered of alcoholism. You're too late. You You can't You can't You Your marriage can't ever be fixed. You're too late. God will never be able to use you in the house of God. You're too late. For the seed has already been planted. My isn't it something? It's arrived. Amen. You remember the story back in World War I how the those men got in trouble. There was a they were bunkered down in the midst of the midst of the battle. And here there was several hundred men that were there. The enemy, the German soldiers were shooting at them. their own American soldiers were shooting. They didn't know where they were. They were launching an attack upon the enemy and it was landed on. And here these men, they had these doves that was given to them by the French, these carrier pigeons. And they had one that was remaining after this war. And here they got in trouble. And so one of the captains, he pinned a note down on that on a piece of paper. He put in that little pigeon's leg and he tied it up on his leg. And that little p he was a a dove. It was his name was Sher Amy. If you ever want to look him up, they've got him in the Smithsonian, the taxiderermy works one day. He he lived out his life from his heroism. This little dove, Sherami, when they let him loose out of the bunker, the soldiers would say that as soon as he took flight, he got hit with his first shot. Here the enemy shoulders or soldiers were watching. They couldn't let the message reach its destination after all. So when it went up, they started shooting at it. And he came and he kept flying and he got hit and kept flying. He hit with a barrage, went through enemy attack 25 miles. They say that that bird traveled to get to his destination. And when he got to the headquarters, the keeper found him. That little dove was missing a leg. He had a wing that was battered, had holes in it. He had a hole in his chest. His whole body was bleeding and dangling off of that little leg that was not even there. Just at the top of the leg was a note that said, "Here's our coordinates. Here's right where we are and we need your help. Tell our tell our friends to quit shooting at us. We need your help. We can't win this battle by oursel. We We need to band together. We need your help. If y'all don't quit, we're we're all going to go down together. We're going to lose a lot of men." And history tells us when they got the note they were able to prevent the any further damage and there was 194 American soldiers lives that were saved by that little dove. The French army actually gave him the greatest medal of valor that they would ever give to any man. They gave it to that dove. I thought, isn't that something tonight that here in the midst of our great trouble in the midst of Leoa that God would send a message to his little bride. He would give the coordinates and he would give the very thing that she had need of to make it on the other side that we could come together in unity. He he would give the answer and he put that message in a little dove. And that dove came down to minister unto the people. Let me tell you what's happened. It's been shot at, by every Pharisee. It's been criticized by every critic, by every jealous spirit, by every everything the devil has. He's thrown at it. There's it's been he's been shooting hoes at it this entire time and here it stands. Holes shot all up in it, mangled all up. It may look to the world looks like it's all broke up in a thousand pieces. Looks like there ain't no unity or anything left in it. But friends, I've got news for you. I wish that little dove was standing here this morning cuz I'd like to tell him something. I'd like to tell him, I know that you've been made fun of, and I know you were ridiculed, and I I know you've been torn to pieces, and I know there's been holes that's been shot in your life for the life that you live. But I want to tell you something this tonight that the message made it home. I want to tell you tonight, it made that the message made it home. The seed has been planted. The very thing that you were called to do, it's made it. It's made it to its resting place. Friends, I stand here as a believer tonight to say the message has found its home in our hearts and the devil's too late to take it out. I say, why don't we just rejoice in the Lord? Say, "Oh God, I thank you tonight, Lord, that you called me to be a believer. Lord, I thank you for the message of the hour. Lord, I thank you for giving me the courage to be able to stand on the truth of God's word. And I thank you for the dove that brought it to me." Oh my. Don't you love the Lord? Can you sing, "Our God reigns." Our God reigns. Do you have that? Our God reigns. Amen. If you love the Lord tonight, Amen. Won't you just bow your heads? You say, "Brother Matt, I want that believer just to rise up in me and take control of my life." I don't know how many mean said, you know, you know, the Pharisees had a lot of say so lately, but I want to put him in his place. So, I just want to let him loose tonight and let God know whose side I'm on. Amen. Won't you just worship the Lord? Our God [Music] [Music] array. Our God. Our [Music] God. I say our God reigns. Oh, hallelujah. That's your Lord. Our [Music] God. Let every believer say it tonight. Our [Music] God. Yes. Our God. Can you say it like this? My God. I say my God reigns. Thank you, Lord. I know. My God. God reigns. Oh, how many can say he reigns supreme in my God reigns. Yes, he's my God. [Music] Oh, my God reigns. Can you say it like this? Oh, I say he's still alive. I said he's still alive. I know he's still alive. Hallelujah. He's still alive. Oh, the seed [Music] remains. Oh, hallelujah. I say the seed remains. for the seed remains. Thank you, Lord. And my God reigns. Can you sing a line to the devil tonight? I say, devil, you're too late. Hallelujah. I say you're too [Laughter] late. I know you're too late. [Music] Hallelujah. Cuz my God reigns. I know the seed remains. Yes, the seed remains. For the sheep remains. Hallelujah. My God. Won't you give the Lord a hand [Music] [Applause] [Music] clap? Amen. How many say the seed of God has found its resting place? Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Brother Sean told me I could sing a psalm. I'm I'm I'm going to try this. I think it's in the key. I don't know what key. Happy song. What key? F. Praise the Lord. Amen. We're gonna have church anyway. You love the Lord tonight. How many say your God reigns? How many believers do we have here [Music] tonight? Well, you said I couldn't make it. You told me not to try. But I'm going to live for Jesus until the day I die. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. Hell, I'm going to raise my hands toward heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. Well, you threw the Hebrew children in a red hot burning fire, but they came out the winner. And devil, you came out the liar. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. My I'm going to raise my hands toward heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. Well, you said I couldn't make it. You told me not to try. But I'm going to live for Jesus until the day I die. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You had me down too long. I'm on earth. Raise my hand to heaven. I'm going to sing. He said, "That's what's the matter with the church tonight." He said they've called of God. I believe they are. But the devil just makes a puppet out of them and he pushes them around from place to place. But what we need to do is to pull the mark with him and call the scripture on his hand. So I think we ought to look him in the eye and say, "Devil, you're too late." How many say it tonight? Well, well, I'm going to sing. Do you have a little bit? Well, listen to me, devil. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. You walked on me long enough, so I'm going to walk on you. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bound too long. I'm going to raise my hands to heaven. I'm going to sing a happy song. Oh, listen to this message. Well, now if you're one of God's children and you're tired of being bound, just raise your hands to heaven and pull the blessing down. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. Oh, I'm going to raise my hand toward heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. [Music] Well, you said I couldn't make it. You told me not to try. But I'm going to live for Jesus until the day I die. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. Oh, I'm going to raise my hands to heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. Well, you know what? Don't you ought to tell the devil tonight. Well, I wrote a little message and I wrote it just for you. And I put it down here where you could read it. On the bottom of my soul, I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bow [Applause] to I'm going to raise my hands to heaven. I'm going to sing me happy song. You told me not to sing. You told me not to shout. But I'm going to take the word of God and turn the devil out. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bound too long. [Music] Oh, I'm going to raise my hand to heaven. I'm going to sing you a happy song. Well, you told me not to sing. You told me not to shout. But I'm going to take the word of God and drown the devil out. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bound too long. [Music] Well, I'm going to raise my hand to heaven. I'm not a singer. Can I make it personal tonight? Well, you said I was a weak Christian. You said I have no power. But I've been given a party over you by the message of the hour. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. But I'm going to raise my hands to heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. Well, I've got a right to sing and I've got a right to dance. I may not have done it in yesterday's service, but now I got another chance. And I'm so tired of Satan. You have me too long. Thank you, Lord. I said, I'm going to raise my hands to heaven. I'm going to sing happy song. [Music] They think they don't care about you. They suck you in the overflow. But I got me a little elbow room. I think I'll just let myself go. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bound too long. Well, I'm going to raise my hands again. I'm going to sing me a happy song. Well, you told me not to sing. You told me not to shout, but I'm going to take the word of God and the devil. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You have me bound too long. Raise my hand. [Music] I've got a right to praise him, a right to serve him, too. If you knew what God done for me, you'd be praising him, too. I'm so tired of you, Satan. You've had me bound too long. So, I'm going to raise my hand to heaven. I'm going to sing me a happy song. [Music] Devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. The devil don't like no praising around here. Well, now the devil don't like no clapping around here. The devil don't like no clapping around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to clap with all my mind. The devil don't like, no clap. How about singing? Well, now the devil don't like no singing around here. The devil don't like no singing around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my mind. The devil don't like no singing around here. How about dancing? Well, now the devil don't like no dancing around here. [Music] The devil don't like going dance around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to dance with all my mouth. Don't like no dancing around here. Well, now the devil don't like no praising around here. The devil don't like no praising around here. Well, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all of my mind. The devil don't like no praising around here. Well, now the devil don't like no clapping around here. The devil don't like no clapping around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to clap all of my mind. The devil don't like no clapping around here singing. Well, the devil don't like no singing around here. Oh, the devil don't like no singing around here. Oh, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my mind. Devil don't like no singing around here. How about it tonight? How about it tonight? Hallelujah. Amen. Can we sing this? Oh, I got joy in my soul. Oh, God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all is well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means for Can we sing that again? Oh, I got joy in my soul. God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all this well. He keeps attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. I plead. Oh, now I I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I've been in the storm, in the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Whatever's going wrong. My war blows are all, he might have me in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this means war. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I've been in the store and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Whatever's going wrong, my wor. He might have me in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this is war. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Repeat after us now. Oh, you can't have my family. You can't have my family. You can't have my increase. You can't have my increase. You can't have my breakthrough. You can't have my breakthrough. Oh, you can't have it. You can have it. You can. You can. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, you can't have my family. You can't have my family. You can't have my increase. You can't have my increase. Oh, you can have my breakthrough. You can have my breakthrough. Oh, you can have my worship. You can't have my worship. Oh, and you can't take my dance. You can't take my dance. And you can't take my praise. You can't take my praise. And I plead the blood. Oh, now I plead. I plead the blood. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead without music. Let me hear you now. Oh, now I plead I plead the blood. I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. Oh, I plead I plead the blood. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keeps me in the valley. hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Thank you, Lord. When I'm broken, strength where I've been weak [Music] forever. My God is awome. Awome. He's awome. Awesome. My God is awesome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world. You're of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By your stripes. Thank you, Lord. My God is awesome today. I am for real. His grace is why I'm here. Praise. Can you just lift a hand and sing it tonight? My God is awesome. My God is awome. He's awesome. Awome. Yes, he is. He's awome. Oh, he's awesome. Sing that again now. Oh my God, he's awome. [Music] [Applause] Oh, awome. He's awesome. Can you say with us? He's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. He's awesome. Awesome. He's great. Oh, he's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's awesome. He's a He's my healer. Oh, he's my healer. My healer. My healer. My healer. My healer. My healer. He's awome. Oh, how about my provider? He's my proider. Provider. Provider. Oh my. Provider. Oh my. Provider. Provider. He's awome. Oh, he's awesome. My God is awesome. He can move the mountain. Keeps me in the valley, hides me. My God is alone. Use me when I'm broken. Strength where I am weak. Oh Jesus will reign. [Music] Hallelujah. There is none like you. Can we sing it as we invite our pastor now? No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity long and find there. [Music] Once again, there is [Music] none. There is none like you. Oh yes. No one else can touch my heart like you do. There I can search for all eternity [Music] long. Oh, sing it again. There is none like [Music] you. Do you believe what you're singing tonight? No one else can touch my heart. like you do. I can search for all eternity long. There is none. Sing the last lines. Oh, I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be his holy name. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Well, aren't you glad that you've been predestinated to be a believer in this age? The devil's just too late. Can't take the promises from us. Can't take our belief from us. Can't take the fight away. It's too late. Amen. I'm so glad to be one of them. Amen. Did you enjoy the service tonight? [Applause] Amen. Blessed be his holy [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] name. I was thinking of, you know, resisting and and uh fighting for your your rights. And brother Zachary Wallace uh he was telling me yesterday he said you know he said um he said I have had a migraine every day for 30 years. And uh he said it just a just just horrendous. He said I just press on. And he said but I would always I would always say yesterday I had a migraine but today God has healed me. Amen. Amen. And then the next day he'd say, "Yesterday I had a migraine, but God has healed me." He said, "I did that for 30 years." And he said, "As the prayer line last year," he said, "I wasn't able to go on the prayer line, but he said, I was asked to help help people uh as as as they went through the prayer line." He said, "When I got up there," he said, "my headache left." And he said, "I never had another one since." Our God is awesome. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're believers. We're believers. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. I love the Lord. I just love testimonies like that. Amen. God, just wonderful. Well, just feel like we've been to church and uh we just really appreciate brother uh Matt delivering his heart to us and looking forward to what God has in store tomorrow evening. And uh uh we just love the Lord. And uh so we um uh got food prepared and uh we're going to eat at the the tabernacle uh the building right up up the hill there. And uh so uh uh uh please stop by and and get you something to eat. They worked hard uh to get you all nice and plump. And so, um, uh, and and the young people, uh, if you want to, uh, eat up in in where we ate yet last night, and y'all want to just hang out up there, you're certainly welcome to. We've, uh, and you ministers and ministers wives, uh, if you, uh, it's just up to you. But we've got this small tent. Uh, we've reserved it this year for all the ministers and their wives to be able to have some fellowship and eat there. And so, um, if you want to do that, you're more than welcome to. Uh, but anyways, we certainly love you. Um, also, tomorrow we're going to be taking the ministers and their wives uh to eat again. And um that's the restaurant. And uh so um it's not far from the the tent. It's it's maybe 5 minutes away. Uh, and so, uh, they were gracious enough to let us, uh, uh, come, uh, tomorrow at at 12:00. And so, um, it's just straight down the road. Actually, when you leave the the campsite, when you turn left and just go straight down, and it's right there on the right. So, really easy to get to. So all you uh ministering brothers and your wives, if you'd like to uh join us tomorrow for a good time of fellowship, uh we would love to have you. And uh so God bless you is our prayer. And u maybe we could just u uh ask brother Jim if you want to come up and and dismiss us in prayer and pray over the food tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Just bow our heads tonight. Amen. How many are grateful for the spiritual food we feasted upon tonight? Amen. And I don't know about you, I love I love natural food, but Amen. This is what we really hunger for. This is what we really hunger for. Amen. This is what really satisfies. Amen. Amen. It satisfies like nothing else could do. And I just want to thank God for amen the word of God tonight. Amen. That we heard. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful for the opportunity to gather and to feast upon the spiritual food that we feasted upon tonight, Lord. Father, we thank you for the one that prepared it, Lord God. We know it was the Holy Spirit, but we thank you for the man that you spoke through tonight, Lord God, for yielding to that spirit to speak what we had need of, Lord God, that we could feast upon it tonight, Lord. And Father, as we leave this place, let us go, Lord, fed on your word, Lord God, with new strength, amen, to face another day, Lord. And Father, as we go to feast on the natural food that's been prepared for us, Lord, we ask that you would bless it to our bodies and our bodies under thy servants. Bless the hands of prepared it. Bless brother Shawn and all those that put their shoulders in the wheel to make these meetings pro so so prosperous, Lord God. We just thank you for them. And we look so forward to times of gathering like this around your word. And Lord God, as we dismiss from this building, Lord God, or from this tent, Father, we pray we'd never dismiss from your presence, have your way among us. Bring us back together at your appointed time. And we'll be careful to praise you and thank you in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless [Music] you. God bless you is our prayer. [Applause] All my life you have been faithful. Okay. Also, we're going to have games for the young people tomorrow at 10:00 starting, right? And uh we're also we're going to have pizza around 1:00. We're going to also have snow cones and round two. And uh so come all ages if you're out of diapers. Oh my life you have been faithful. Oh my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. [Music]
