################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Pastor Shawn Martin We Are Looking At The Unseen Pt. 2 - Shawn Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-10
Title:    Pastor Shawn Martin "We Are Looking At The Unseen" Pt. 2
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmgzcFX3jvo
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radian. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Can we stand? This poor man cried. And the Lord he hurt me and he saved me from my enemies. [Music] The shine of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Just fear the Lord, oh ye saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our ancients rise. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Amen. Did you come to exalt his name tonight? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Uh maybe we could ask brother Bill to invite the Lord's presence. [Music] Incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name. [Music] These are the days of Elijah. Oh, declaring the word of the Lord. Yeah. And these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trials, oh of famine and darkness and sore, still we are the voice in the desert, crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. Oh, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpet call. So, lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion's heels salvation comes. Oh, and these are the days of Ezekiel. Oh, the dry bones becoming as flesh. Yeah. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding a temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. Oh, the fields are as wide in the world. And we are your laborers in your vineyard, declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. Oh, shining like the sun. Yes. At the trumpets call. So lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee. and out of Zion's hill salvation comes. Now these are the days of Elijah. Oh, declaring the word of the Lord. Oh, and these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. [Music] And though these are days of great trials, oh, of famine and darkness and sore, still we are the voice in the desert, crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds. Oh, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets's call. So, lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee. And out of Zion's heal salvation. One more time. Oh, behold, he comes. He's riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call. So, lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion's heal salvation comes. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. I'm brother Josiah. Gracious heavenly father in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise, just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Just give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all of this world. Just give me Jesus when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone, just give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all of this world. Just give me Jesus. Oh now when my time has come to die. Oh when my time has come to die. Oh, and when my time's come to die, just give me Jesus with all your heart. Give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. [Laughter] You can have all of this world. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Just give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all of this world. Oh, you can have all of this world. Oh, you can have all of this world. But give me [Music] Jesus. Amen. And is that your desire this tonight is just give me Jesus. Amen. No matter what you're going through tonight. Amen. You can call on his name and he'll be there. Amen. As we've got a few written prayer requests we want to make known tonight. Uh Sister Brenda uh is still recovering from eye surgery. So let's just keep Sister Brenda in our prayers tonight as well as Brother Terry. uh he's still trying to get over a sore throat and a cough. So, let's just keep him in our prayers. Also, um brother uh Brandon um Green uh his son broke his finger and um also brother Brandon Brandon himself is uh taking treatment for cancer. So, they're just asking for prayer tonight that we would just uh make known tonight. Amen. Also, uh there's a pastor in the Philippines. Um he is needing surgery and um don't have the funds to do so. So, let's just uh keep that need in our prayers that the Lord would just make a way for him there. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh brother Judah if he would come and lead us in prayer tonight. Let's remember our pastor that the Lord would just use him in a special way. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, we come to you this evening, Lord. We just want to thank you for all your blessings, Father. Lord, you see the knees that was brought before here tonight, Lord. We ask that you just come down, move upon the scene, Lord. We believe that you are a miracle worker, Father. Lord, all the hands that was raised, Father, you see the need, Lord. just come down and move, Lord, and be with dad as he brings forth the word. Lord, just may we all pull on the gift and worship you, Father. Love you and we thank you for all your blessings. Jesus Christ name we pray. Amen. Oh, give me Jesus. You can be seated. Jesus. Sister Jane comes. Oh, give me Jesus. Just give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all of this world. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jes. Jesus. Just give me Jesus. You can have all of this world. Just give me [Music] Jesus. Bless your name. [Music] Since Jesus took control, he placed within my heart a happy song. [Music] The joy bells sweetly ring as of his love I sing. Press on. It won't be very [Music] long. Press on. It won't be very long. Not long until we'll reach that land of song in heaven. Some sweet day. I'm going there to stay. Press on. It won't be fair. very long. He fills my way with cheer. In him I have no fears. He guides my weary steps along the way. [Music] I'm glad he promised me a manion full and free. Press on. It won't be very [Music] long. Press on. It won't be very long, not long until we'll reach that land of song in heaven. Some sweet day. I'm going there to stay. dress on. It won't be very long. [Music] In that city I am told the streets are pure as gold. Oh, what a lovely place to make my [Music] home. Together there will be. will shout the victory. Press on. It won't be very [Music] long. Press on. It won't be very long. Not long until we'll reach that land of song in heaven. Some sweet day. I'm going there to stay. Press on. It won't be very long. [Music] In heaven some sweet day I'm going there to stay. Press on. It won't be very long. [Music] Amen. Are you going to keep pressing on tonight? Amen. Going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my [Music] Lord. I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my [Music] Lord. Satan will try to stop you, turn you aside, say there's no need for you to go on, no need to try. Even if there was a rapture, you never make it in. I'd just say Satan to prove you're a liar again. Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. Oh, on and on and on. I'm going to keep pressing on. Oh, going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Sing again. Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. Oh, going to keep pressing on. There's no turning back. Oh, going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Can we stand and sing it again? Oh yes. I'm going to keep pressing on. Never turning back. Going to keep pressing on. Oh, going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Amen. How many is ready for the word? Amen. As we invite our pastor to come, can we just sing that song? Um, you are my refuge. Amen. Is he your refuge tonight? You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. I'll never be afraid cuz you're my hiding place and you are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, oh I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Oh you are my refuge. You are my [Applause] sanuary. I'll never be afraid cuz you're my hiding place and you are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge with all your heart. You are my refuge. You are my [Music] san [Music] place underneath your wings. I rejoice and sing. You are. Sing it again. Oh, you are my refuge. You are my [Applause] sanctuary. Never be afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Aren't you glad that you have a refuge? Amen. Nothing that man has made, but uh God has offered himself to be that refuge, our protection. And um it's covered by the blood of Christ. And we're so glad that we're hid away, sealed in him. And u I'm so glad for that. Jesus promised that he'd not lose a one. Amen. And so what a refuge that is. Amen. No matter how bad the storm is, no matter how dark the night is and what's going on. Amen. Uh we're in the the best refuge we could ever be in. Amen. I'm so glad for that. And it's good to be here in the house of the Lord and um good to have everyone that was gone over the weekend. And um um good to have brother Bob, sister Janice. Amen. And I know she's been struggling in her body and uh but um certainly glad to have them. Amen. And um Sister Kim, Amen. Praise the Lord. And just believing for a miracle for both Sister Janice and Sister Kim in their body. And u and I know the Lord will do that. He's he's certainly faithful to us. Amen. Amen. Um, the musicians can be dismissed. And if you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to 2 Corinthians the 4th chapter. Amen. And um we're going to be uh setting up the tent uh this Sunday afternoon and um so looking forward to that and going to be busy the next few couple weeks and uh but looking forward to a wonderful time in the Lord. Amen. and believing many lives to be touched. And um also uh brother Maurice Porter is he the pastor or is okay. So uh brother uh Maurice Porter is having a gathering at his house this Saturday afternoon. starts at 3:00 p.m. and there's going to be music and testimony and food and uh all are invited and so um I think he is brother Dwayne Wall's son-in-law. Is that right? That right? Okay. So, um anyway, if y'all want to go and have a good time, a fellowship, uh you're more than welcome to do that. And if you need some direction, uh, Brother Amos can help you out there. And, u um, I'm sure it'll be a good time. Amen. But before we go into the word, may we just bow our heads and just talk to our Lord. Amen. Precious Father, indeed, it is a great opportunity, Lord, to be in your house on this Wednesday evening. We could be anywhere else but Lord we have felt that tug a spiritual uh pull father to come to your house and just to worship you father we we don't have many more days like this and father as we have come here to worship you and what we are here is a reflection of what we are somewhere else as the prophet said And there's just something about coming together and uh uh worshiping you from our hearts. And I know there will be a time that we'll be gathered in the beyond around your throne worshiping you. And this is just a taste of what it will be. But we're asking, Father, that you would just uh anoint this part of the service, God. And father, help me to get myself out of the way. And Lord, may you just speak to your people. Give us the liberty, Lord, to uh to hear and to receive of you. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The u um second Corinthians and um we're going to look at the fourth chapter. We read this, I believe it was last Wednesday, and um maybe we'll start at the 15th verse. Says, "For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might be might through the thanksgiving of many redounded to the glory of God. For which cause we faint not, but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day." And think of that now. Though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, workketh for us a far exceeding and eternal weight of glory, while we look at not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. Um, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. Amen. You can have your seats this um evening. And I want to maybe use the title again. We are looking to the unseen. And um um you know that's that's the believer is we we look and that's what Paul was saying is we the believer we look not to the things that are seen but to that which is unseen. And so uh the prophet said now the unseen is the only thing it's the only thing that a Christian can depend upon because it's the promises of God. Aren't you glad for that? The promises of God are the unseen and that is what is the only thing that we can base our uh we can depend upon. Uh so Paul would tell us that the unseen is eternal. Um it it can't um you know uh can't fade. It it can't um uh disappear upon on us. And uh uh but the things that can be seen are just temporal things. It's that means that um it's here today, it's gone tomorrow. Uh temporal things will not last. Uh uh you you uh it's it you you know uh the temporal things are like uh the shifting sand. Uh you cannot build anything upon. You can't build your life upon your hopes upon your faith upon uh because they're just temporal things and uh you could have it in your graphs today and and lose it tomorrow. That's that's just the way it is. And so the temporal things are meant to die uh or temporal. It's going to pass away. uh uh the monetary things of the world are going to pass away. Entertainment is is going to pass away. And you know, this nation has built upon uh entertainment. They they've built it upon uh something that is not solid. Um uh movie stars and sports stars, they're they're going to pass away. Uh they're they're just temporal. And and so this is why, you know, you might uh uh young people put these big old posters of these uh movie stars or uh sports stars or whatever and and and as an idol, but but it it doesn't help them. Um uh they just pass away. It's they're just temporal things that you cannot build uh your your life upon at all. And so uh Jesus said the heavens and earth are going to pass away. U and and so uh we can't build upon that. Uh and and so those who build their future and their hopes, their dreams and all these things upon uh uh temporal things uh will they will always end up disappointed. They will always end up uh let let down and brokenhearted and things. And so anything that the world offers uh is temporal and and and of course it it's going to pass away. And so if your joy, if if your peace, if your uh um you know um uh love, if that all comes from the world, if if then then all of that is temporal, it it's going to pass away. uh uh there if your satisfaction comes from the world and and and uh uh the worldly things well that's going to pass away too uh because it's going to come to its end. It's only temporary. Anything that the world has uh is is going to pass away. That's that's it. Even the Bible states that the pleasures of sin are only for a season. So sin can be enticing. Sin can be pleasurable. sin can be fun. Uh uh you you we call brother Brandham called it enticing spirits and and so uh uh the pleasures, the entertainments and all of the things that are out there uh uh they they can be fun, they can be enjoyable, they can to the flesh, they pet the flesh, they do all these things, but it's only for a season and and then it passes away because these things are temporal. And so the the unseen things well uh are what Jesus called things from up above. And uh uh they in other words they come from God. They're heavenly things. And and they're things that the world knows nothing about and cannot see. And so they're not earthly. And and so uh uh we we the Bible tells us to seek those things which are above. Jesus says also in Matthew 6:19, it says, "Lay up, lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves uh break through and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, but and where thieves do not break uh through nor steal." I think of of people that have lived and and they live for the moment. They live for wealth. They live for uh for the monetary things. And they're successful with these things. And and then you you you look at them and and maybe they're old and and uh you know, they're they're up in age. And you're thinking, well, you know, they've lived all their life for this. They have forsaken God. They have they have forsaken the the ways of righteousness and all that and poured their energy into into the monetary uh substance of life and and and people live to there there's those that live just to be movie stars and they want to be famous and and uh they they want to make the big bucks in that way. or uh uh maybe a young man's gifted and he'll go through high school and he'll dedicate himself to that football, baseball, soccer, or whatever it would be. And and then he achieves and goes, you know, gets the scholarships for college and and then he becomes number one in the college and in the game and then he goes to the draft and and all of these things and it's achievements, but then it comes to an end. And you know, I I can't help but to think, what does it do them then out of all of that? Amen. And uh uh they have forsaken God. They have forsaken prayer. They have forsaken the the the right things. They have forsaken and and here we come on a Wednesday night. And it's foolishness to a lot of people to come and and to lift up hands and to worship God. And they don't see the value in them things. And but but when I look at it, I'm thinking but even if they had, you know, I think I'd mentioned it Sunday, even if they had a million years and they lived uh the wealthiest uh uh individual for all them millions of years and and they had everything at their uh fingertips, anything they wanted, all the power to exercise. And then that last day comes of their million years. What does it do them then? But see, what we're looking to is things that have no end. It's it's an eternal value. It's an eternal substance. Yes. Amen. We we've got to live. Yes. we've got to, you know, work and we've got to do certain things and all that. But see, when it comes to an end, and we know these things come, you can buy a new car today and give it time and and you'll be putting it in the shop and and you'll be working on it or you'll be putting it up in and getting another one or a house, you'll be remodeling or or all these things. that when things do come to an end in our lives, there's something that is eternal that we're looking to. Amen. Because that's where our joy comes from. So, so we're not to to lay up for ourselves the temporal things. Amen. That we know is going to come to an end. It has no lasting value. It gives temporary joy. It gives temporary satisfaction. But when it's all said and done, it comes to its end. But the unseen things are eternal and they come from the spoken word of God. Amen. Uh everything comes from uh uh the uh the word of God, the unseen and and uh because they are promises. Brother Bram again says the unseen things are the promises of God. Amen. So so uh uh them things are eternal. Uh again Luke 21:33 Jesus said heaven and earth will pass away but my words shall never pass away. So that is something that we look to that that's something amen that that we see uh uh now now we can look at this and and and our natural eyes can read this and there's a lot of people uh that read the Bible through and through every year sometimes twice a year and maybe there's some that even go three times a year. Amen. And and our natural eyes can see this but brother Brown said the hidden things are between the lines. That's that that's where it's really at. That's that's the value of this Bible. Amen. Is not just reading and memorizing scriptures and getting it appear, but it's actually being able to see the unseen of what God is really trying to say. Amen. And so, uh, the word is an eternal word which makes the unseen things eternal. Every promise in this written word, Amen. are unseen to the unbeliever. Now, think of that. Read it backward and forward. And yet, the promises are no value. They don't see the promises. Uh some people say it's just a book of history. Uh m maybe it's just a book of love. Or uh one man, you know, say, "Well, it's it's just a fairy tale." Amen. Or or you've got some that are so educated and smart that they take away promises and say, "Well, that ain't for today. God doesn't heal today. God doesn't work in miracles today. There's no such thing as a heaven. There's no such thing as a hell. There's there's no such things as these things and and or a move of God. And God doesn't the the Holy Ghost isn't the same. And Christ ain't the same yesterday, today, and forever. And and so they don't see the promises that we see. Uh uh it's just a book to them uh uh in that way. Uh but but that's because the the unbeliever or uh the natural man if we can look at it that way uh looks through his natural eyes natural eyes and gets a natural perception natural interpretation of what he's looking at and he only relies on his natural uh natural senses. He believes what the outward man tells him. Now we just heard what Paul read what Paul said. the outward man perishes. And and yet that's that's what the unbeliever, that carnal man, leans to. He believes what the outward man tells him and is affected by it and controlled by it. Amen. Now remember, the prophet taught us that we have an outward man, which we just read, an outward man, and an inward man. Amen. The outward man is renew or perish. Amen. it perishes. But the inward man is renewed day by day. So So there's something about that inner man that doesn't uh that that is eternal. It doesn't perish. Amen. It it's something that is renewed. It's able to renew itself. Amen. It get maybe get discouraged, but it renews itself. Amen. That's what makes us valuable Christians. Amen. And I I I look at our elders and and and Sister Jane and Sister Janice and Brother Bob and and and uh they've been through through many many many storms. Amen. Uh through life and and and yet they're they're still serving God. They still love the Lord. It's it's it's almost like they've never gone through things. And and you think, well, how is that? Well, there's there's an inner man that keeps being renewed day by day, but the outward man perishes. Now, uh um brother Brandham said, "The outward man is self." A man's self perishes. Um uh and it depends on what he sees and tastes and smells and hears and feels and he depends upon these five senses. And uh well well that outward man has no revelation and and no discernment. A he just goes by what he sees in the natural. He just goes by what he hears. In the in the natural he goes by what he feels and and touches and he goes by his reasoning and imagination and sensation, affection and conscience and and all of these things. And and that's good because we use them. uh we use our five senses and we use our the the five senses of our uh uh spirit and and these things uh uh these these these senses can be affected by God. How many believes that? Amen. Well, you're hearing tonight. Your your physical ears are hearing the gospel. I'm standing here physically preaching to you. Amen. And and through that preaching, you're actually hearing uh a a literal a literal thing. Amen. Uh but but we we we see things in the spirit. We I don't know if you've seen miracles. I've seen miracles. I've seen the lame walk. I've seen the blind see. I've seen legs grow out that was short uh shorter than the other. I've I've you know uh I've seen so many things in the way of miracles. Amen. But I saw that with my natural eye. So I thank God for our senses. I'm I'm so glad that I'm able to press play. Amen. and obey, you know, and and uh uh uh listen to what a prophet says and and I've got the ears to do that. I'm I'm so glad I can hear the voice of of a prophet in this days. So, we need our natural five senses uh uh there and and and yes, they they can be affected by the spirit of God when you're in the presence of God and they can actually agree with the word of God in the intellectual realm. Amen. And it goes from hearing, amen, down into the the spirit realm, uh, of reasoning, imagination, uh, sensation, and all of these things. But revelation doesn't come to these senses. Amen. Revelation, you can hear it, but you, it may not be revealed to you. Amen. A man can hear it and and and he can say, "Yep, that that's right." Down in that spirit realm, he can see it because he's reasoned with it. He's he's actually been able to say, "Well, I can understand that. I I can see how that can work." Amen. So, he comes even into an agreement. Uh but it's an intellectual. But the revelation doesn't come to these senses. Revelation doesn't work through these senses. It it it has nothing to do with these senses. See, your senses can disagree with the word of God just as quick as it can agree with the word of God. See, uh because Satan has access to these senses. It's just like, you know, a lot of folks that when they go to church, they hear a good sermon, hearing with the ear, a good sermon, and then go out the door and turn on the radio and listen to rock and roll with the same ears that they just heard. Amen. Uh uh uh the nice sermon. You understand what I'm saying? So, see, Satan has access to our our senses as well. I I've seen miracles and then, you know, you look out down the road and you see a bad picture on a billboard or you see something horrible. You know, I remember sitting at at a hospital one time and and how in the world it come on the on on a on a hospital uh television, I don't know, but but nudity and all that and and you just you're like, "What in the world?" But but see, the same eyes that saw the miracles are the same eyes that just saw the nudity. And and so so Satan is able to use the senses just as much as anything else. Amen. And and and he works on our reasoning. He works on all these things. So revelation doesn't come to the senses. Amen. Uh because they can disagree with the word and and more than they agree with the word, they disagree with the word. Amen. So So that outward man perisheth. Amen. And and it's always up and down. Up and down. up and down. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and and uh Brother Brother said this way, no one can look at what they see and be a Christian. You cannot be a Christian just by what you see. You can see miracles and then you can see someone uh acting up in church and you you can see um you know, you you you can see um uh uh someone dancing and you feel that emotion of that. Amen. to watch them get in the spirit and dance and shout. Then you can see someone chewing somebody out or uh someone doing a bad uh uh uhh pulling a bad deed, you know, and all these things. See, you you cannot look at what you see and be a Christian. Amen. See, Amen. The outward man is carnal. Amen. It perisheth. He He walks after the flesh. uh uh Romans 8:55, Paul would tell us, "They that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, the things of the spirit." Amen. In other words, those that that walk after the the outward man, they mind the things of the outward man. Two different two different things. Uh those that are after the inward man, walk after the inward man. See? And so for to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So the outward man is a is the carnal mind. It It's reasoning. It's uh it's leaning to the senses. Amen. And it's toppsyturvy. Constantly topsyturvy. Amen. But the the inward man the prophet said is God. Amen. Now that inward man see so if a man doesn't have God in him then he will only be affected by the outward man. Amen. Come to church for 50 years and still complaining about the problems and seeing the problems in the church and and and seeing issues and this but there's no growth. There's nothing that is is is uh being renewed. amen in the inside of him that that brings him up up into the things of God. Amen. See, so if if a man uh a man needs God, can you say amen? No matter how many times a man goes to church and and and and how many times he hears the word of God preached, Amen. his life, Amen, will be up and down, up and down, up and down. Well, we we don't want to be up and down, up and down, top tossyturvy, and and and and uh I think brother or Paul would talk about being no more children, tossed to and fro. Amen. That's why the Bible talks about maturity, being able to stand and and and when when the world is changing and everything's changing, the age is getting more wicked and the darkness is prevailing. But we're not going with the we're not going with this. Amen. We're standing because we're being renewed day by day. Renewed day by day. Can you say amen? Amen. That inward man. Now, the outward man, if he feels saved, he says, "Well, bless God. I'm saved." You know, and and if he feels lost, then he says, "Oh, God, I I'm just lost." You know, and if the doctor says everything is looking good, amen, and all the symptoms say that everything is looking good. Well, bless God. I I'm I'm healed, you know. I I just Oh, praise God. God is my healer. But if the doctor says, "Well, things aren't looking good for you." And if the symptoms are in agreement with the doctor and and you're feeling all of this, then you're just like, "Oh, I don't know. I just don't know what's happened. I don't know if God is even watching after me. I I just don't know." You know? Well, see, you're walking after the outward man. Amen. But the inward man, amen, cannot be affected by what the doctor says. It cannot be affected by the symptoms because it's being renewed day by day. Can you say amen? Well, see, and so we we find that God must come and live in the inside the soul of a man. Amen. And when God comes and lives in the in the soul of a man, well, then the word uh uh that gene seed, the word is quickened. Amen. Uh it's quickened, comes to life. And and so then then the word is able to have preeminence in in in you. Amen. That's when the inward man is quickened to the word. Not quickened to the world. Not quickened to this. Not You may fall, but you're not quickened to them things. Amen. But you're quickened to thus sayith the Lord. You're you're quickened to the word because something now that gene seed of God, the real you that we talked about, Amen. comes alive to the word of God. Well, aren't you glad for that? See, so every believer, Amen, uh uh lives by what the inward man tells him. Amen. Brother Brandham asked, he said, "Well, what is a believer?" Then he answers it. It's the faith of God that moves in you. Well, the faith of God uh does not just operate in the five senses of the flesh or the five senses of the body. The faith of God operates down in that soul. So when the five senses, amen, uh uh uh tells you something contrary to this word, well, there's something inside the inward man, the faith of God that says, "Oh, don't you listen to that." Amen. You take God at his word. Can you say amen? because you're not looking at the things that are temporal. You're looking at things that are unseen. Amen. See, and so, uh, second Corinthians, uh, uh, five and and seven, it it says we walk by faith and not by sight. Everybody say we walk by faith, not by sight. Not by natural sight. Not by these natural eyes. Not by these natural senses. Not not by what I hear naturally. Not what by You can hear it all you want to. You can hear even the prophet. You can hear it every day of your life hearing that prophet. But if there's no faith there, you're only hearing with the natural. Amen. The natural ears. And and and this is how people have walked away from the message even though they have claimed a man to be in the services or they've claimed a man to seen the miracles and they've claimed this and they've claimed that one man even claimed that an angel come to him and told him that this message was right. A man gave it years later and he walks away because he was walking after the in outward man. Amen. He was being controlled by the outward man. Amen. and the outward man. Amen. When these critics uh started uh challenging, you know, about the bridge and about this and about that. Amen. And then call him brother Brand, I'm a liar and and all of a sudden that outward man perks up. You You mean I'm following a a fddy duddy? You mean I'm following someone that's fake? You You mean what? And before you know it, Amen. He follows after that, calling the pillar of fire. Amen. a a false thing and making fun of the angel, making fun of the prophet, making fun of all these things. Amen. I sat with him. Amen. And he tried to get me to walk away, too. Amen. But the inward man says, "No, no, no. I'm not going to listen to that. I don't care what kind of proof you've got. I don't care." Amen. That has nothing to do with me. I've seen vindication. Amen. I know it to be right. I know it to be real because the inward man is being renewed day by day. Amen. See, so so now uh if you think of it, we're not walking after the outward man, but we're we're looking at things that are unseen. Now, uh faith, Amen. Now, now we just read, we walk by faith, not by sight. Well, faith is the eye. Everybody say, faith is the eye. Faith is the eye through which the believer sees. Amen. Faith is the eye through which the believer sees. Brother Brandham called it the eye of faith. Looking through the eye of faith. Amen. Now in Hebrews 11:13, Paul writes about men and women in the Old Testament. And he says, "These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them a far off. How did they see things that were unseen?" Amen. By the eye of faith, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims all on the earth. Aren't you glad for that? See, so they had to see the promises. Amen. before they became persuaded of them. Amen. And before they become persuaded of them or or then they had to be persuaded of them before they could embrace them. And once they embrace them, then the confession came. I am not of this earth. Amen. I don't belong here. Amen. I'm looking for something that is eternal. I'm going to an eternal place. I came from an eternal place. So what happened? They were seeing something, amen, that the the the the unbeliever could not see. They were seeing something that they could not see with the natural eye. But whatever they saw caused them to to confess that I am just a pilgrim and a stranger. Amen. I've never been to where I'm going, but I know I'm going. I know there's a place that's real. I know there's a a theophony. I know there's a body that is waiting for me because they were looking in the unseen through the eye of faith. That's good. Now, so the eye of faith sees, you know, uh um when revelation is given, so these that that uh uh in the Old Testament with the eye of faith, they seen the promises in the types and shadows, right? Amen. I I believe it. Every believer when they were slaying that lamb, they it was a natural lamb, natural blood, natural sacrifice, but they were seeing the promises, amen, of another lamb. Amen. This was just a type. This was just a shadow, but there was something about it that they were looking at the promise instead of looking at the natural lamb. So the eye of faith sees when revelation is given. That's the only time that eye of faith can see is when revelation is given. Now the word revelation is an act of revealing to view or making known. So when God makes a revelation that's for the believer to see it, right? Sure. So the Old Testament saints did not live without revelation. They they could see what was coming because it had been uncovered. God uncovered certain things to them and they could see the promise and it caused them to embrace it. They were persuaded, embraced and confessed in it. So it's an act of revealing to view or making known communicating divine truth and enlightening. So So the inward man sees the unseen, speaks of the unseen and is convinced of the unseen, persuaded of the unseen, more persuaded of the unseen than he is the seen. Can you say amen? Amen. The unseen is more positive to the believer than that which we can see with the natural eye. So, so we're more convinced about what we know and what we see than what the world is convinced about what they're seeing. True. They talk about a future, but they're not convinced in it because they have no promise in it. They're not seeing a future. Amen. It's just false hopes, false promises, false this. But the world is shaking. Amen. because they know that things are coming to an end. There's no future there. But what we're seeing, we're looking at the unseen and we're seeing something that is far greater and it's our future. So, it takes revelation to see the unseen. Now, there were several men in the Bible who looked at the unseen before it ever became a physical reality. Like like Job. Job said, "I have heard of thee with the hearing of the ear, but now my eye seeth thee." Amen. See, and so now look, the eye of faith. Through the eye of faith, he saw the redeemer living. For he said, "I know my redeemer liveth." Ain't that right? And yet the redeemer hadn't come. But yet through the eye of faith he saw him. Amen. and also through the eye of faith. He said, "For though these skinworms eat my flesh, yet in my flesh I shall see my God." Can you say amen there? Job 19:26. Now notice he by revelation through the eye of faith he saw himself coming up out of the grave. Behold, after these skin, my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God, whom I shall see for myself, and my eyes shall behold, and not another, though my reigns consume uh be consumed within me. So, he wasn't looking at the natural. God had unveiled to him. And by the eye of faith, Job saw himself coming out of that grave, standing as a man and seeing his redeemer, looking to the unseen through the eye of faith. Noah saw the rain years before it fell. Right? Because it had been revealed to him. Amen. 120 years he kept preaching. But the man didn't get discouraged. The man didn't quit. The man didn't give up and finally look at all his golfers and says, "You're right." Amen. It was just a It was just a madeup thing. No, he literally saw it. He saw something that was more real than all their scientific machinery. Amen. That they were looking at and the machine saying there ain't no rain up there. But Noah by faith, he saw through the eye of faith. He saw the unseen. Through the eye of faith, Abraham saw the promised son years before he came because it had been revealed to him. Ain't that right? Jesus said to the Pharisees in John 8:56, "Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day and he saw it and was glad." Can you say amen? Amen. Why? He was able to see beyond that veil of flesh. Amen. And there was a man standing there in front of him. Amen. And that was eating the same food that Abraham was eating. He had dust on his clothes, dust on his shoes. Amen. And he was sweating from the the heat just as Abraham was sweating. But Abraham saw the unseen. He saw God in that body. He was looking at the unseen. Oh, aren't you glad for that? Now, Brother Brown said Sarah had been barren all her life, but Abraham never looked at what his eyes would see, these natural eyes, an old wrinkled woman, many years past the time of life to have children. But he looked at the unseen and he saw Isaac. Amen. He was able to look past that wrinkled up woman and he saw Isaac. True. Hallelujah. And after looking to the unseen, he called those things which were not as though they were. Yes, he did. That's why because he was seeing in the unseen, he saw Isaac and he was acting as though he was already there. Calling those things that were not as though it already was. He got a glimpse of the unseen. The prophet said by faith he saw it. thing of calling those things that are not as though they were. What are you calling tonight? Are you calling of the present? Are you looking at the present and saying, "Well, I'm sick. I ain't getting any better. I've I've been prayed for and nothing's happening or I I'm just I just don't know. I'm this and I'm just that and everything's looking bad and all these things." Well, once you ask God to open up your eye of faith to where you can look at the unseen, and when you look at that unseen, you'll be saying, "I'm healed. I'm well. I'm victorious. Yes, I am a son of God, a daughter of God. Not what this outward man is telling you, but what the inward man is saying. Hallelujah. Amen. He called those things that were not as though they were. Did not God do the same thing? Isaiah 46:9, remember the former things of old. For I am God and there is none else. I am God and there is none like me. declaring the end from the beginning from and from ancient times, the things that are not yet done, saying, "My counsel shall stand and I will do all my pleasure." Think of that now. Amen. He was calling those things that were not as though it already was. Declaring the end from the beginning. God, isn't that wonderful? Did not go Did not God call Abram Abraham, which means the father of nations? And yet he had not one son. He had no even no proof that he was going to have a son. And yet God called him the father of nations. God himself was calling those things that were not as though it already was. That's right. Did not God call Sarah Sarah, which means princes, and yet she was yet old and barren and wrinkled up and and all these things. And yet God would call her what she was going to be. Called not calling her what she was, but by faith he called those things that were not as though it already was. Bless the name of the Lord. What were the types and shadows speaking of? They were telling of those things. Did you you you know that the types and shadows had a voice? They spoke of things and yet they were telling of things that were not yet in a in in existence. The lamb was telling of Christ and yet he wasn't even in existence. Amen. the the the the priest was was telling uh of another priest to come and yet it wasn't in existence. Uh everything of types and shadows was speaking of the eternal things and and uh even the tabernacle all these things. Amen. The Bible says he patterned the tabernacle after an eternal tabernacle, the heavenly Lord. Speaking of things that were not as though they were. Can you say amen? So by his fornowledge, think of it, God, now think of God calling those things that were not as though they were. God called you, justified you and glorified you before you were ever born, before you were even thought of. Yet God before the foundation of the world called you, called those things that were not as though it already was. Amen. Yes, he did. True. By his fornowledge, you say, "Well, how did he do it?" By fornowledge, he was looking into the unseen. Hello. He was seeing the unseen. Yes, he was. Bless the name of the Lord. In 2 Corin 2 Thessalonians 2:7, Paul said, "For the mystery of iniquity doth already work. Only he, speaking of the Holy Spirit, who now letth will let until he, speaking of the church, brother Bram said, Christ the bride, be taken out of the way. Now, think of this now. Here we are. That was written uh uh close to 2,000 years ago, and Paul is telling of a bride that would be upon the earth and would be taken out of the way. How could he say that except he was looking through the unseen and the revelation caught him and he could see a bride being caught out. Amen. True. So see God foretold of you and yet you weren't even born but he could speak of you because he saw you. How many believes the Lord saw you? Amen. See, and and now, Brother Brandham said, "Now, the reason Abraham could believe was because God said it." Amen. See, the Bible says that Moses through the eye of faith saw him who is invisible. Amen. There, there Moses was with one foot on the throne, the prophet said. But yet through the eye of faith, he was looking at the unseen. Amen. And it caused him to refuse to be the son of Pharaoh. Can you say amen? Because he saw the unseen. Oh my. He get ready to sit on the throne. He was next to Pharaoh. He was the mightiest one out of Pharaoh. Uh the most powerful one besides Pharaoh and and talented and and and had had the world at his fingertips. But when God revealed to him something that no one else could see, he looked and what he saw caused him to refuse the throne of Pharaoh. Refused to be called the son of Pharaoh. Can you say amen? That's right. See, see, he couldn't see it in the natural, but the prophet said through the eye faith, he saw that he was a son of Abraham. Hallelujah. He couldn't get that in the natural, but through the eye of faith, he saw he was the son of Abraham. He was looking at himself in the unseen. Couldn't see it in the natural, but yet he was looking at what had been revealed to him. Through the eye of faith, Moses saw the children of Israel in the promised land. He saw them as the people of the covenant. Amen. And yet they were in the slime pits. They were being beaten. They were muddy. They were broken. They were bowed under the weight and tired and burdens that the taskmaster had placed upon them. But when Moses saw them, he was looking at the unseen and seen a covenant people. Seen a victorious people. seen a people that were not slave, but they had an inheritance. He saw the unseen. Now notice, he saw them as the seed of Abraham. Now notice what brother Bram said. Pharaoh with no faith seen God's children as fanatics. No faith. See, he made them slaves because he wasn't scared of what he said. See, he wasn't afraid of God. He thought that he was God. He thought his gods that he served that he was a bishop. He was the head general overseer. His gods is the one that did it. Nothing to this thing here. So he made them slaves. He laughed at them. Made fun of them just as the people do today. The same thing exactly. Can you say amen? Why? Because he's looking at the natural. He don't see nothing of the unseen. He's not seeing what Moses saw. He saw them just poor uh imbeciles and and and helpless people, weak people. He saw them as people that he could dictate and rule over and use and abuse and all of these things. But Moses looking at them same people looking at the unseen saw a covenant that God had made with them. And it caused him to refuse to be Pharaoh's son. Oh my. You see, looking at the unseen is the only way that you can look at people of God different. Amen. When you're looking at the unseen, you will see them as children of Abraham. You'll see them as sons and daughters of God. You'll see. You understand what I'm saying, church? Amen. If you're just looking at the n through the natural at the people of God, you'll point out the faults. You'll see the faults. You'll see the failures. You'll see the ups and downs. you you'll see all just nothing but imbeciles and and all of these things just uh uh uh wasting their time and and all of these things. And that's what the world thinks of us. They don't see any value in the staying in the company of of of sons and daughters of God. Amen. They don't see any value of just hanging around the children of God or this church would be filled up and every other message church would be filled up. They don't see any value of of believing in a in a a prophet. And they they say, "Well, we're just following a man. We're just in a cult. We're just being brainwashed. They don't see any value of what we see. Can you say amen? But if you will look at the unseen, you will even see yourself as the royal seed of Abraham. Can you say amen? Oh, that's the way you look at yourself is through the unseen. Looking at the unseen. Can you say amen? Now watch. Brother Bram said, "The Christian looks at the unseen, not what you see here, but at what God said, for it's a promise." Ain't that right? So, he said, "The Holy Spirit in us takes every divine promise of God that's in his Bible and calls it present tense." I'll say that again. I think that's good. I You know, I I know you're tired, but listen now, church, you can sleep when you get home. Some of us only get one one church a week. So, so you know, listen. Amen. The Holy Spirit in us takes every divine promise of God that's in his Bible and calls it present tense. Amen. In us, the Holy Spirit in us looks at the Bible and doesn't say, "Oh, I wish it would happen. Oh, I just don't know. I'm just waiting for things to take place." No, it calls it present tense and it rest itself upon there. Ain't that right? Now, we know that a person can see something with his or her eyes and still not see what is truly there. Amen. We we mentioned Elisha and his servant last uh Wednesday of how that the the servant was looking at the army. And he and he says, "We're we're surrounded." And when Elisha come out, he looked and he saw the unseen. And he said, "More are they that are with us than they that are with them." And the servant's like, "What do you mean? What are you talking about? Are you looking at the same thing I'm looking at?" And Elisha knew that his eyes hadn't been open to see the unseen. So he prayed, "Father, would you just open his eyes?" And God opened his eyes to where he could look at the unseen. And there was a host of angels all around them. Oh God, open our eyes to where we could see the unseen. We could see victory is ours. We can see the promises are ours. The angels were unseen to the servant. John the Baptist was the Elias that the scriptures foretold of. But though the people saw him with their natural eyes, they didn't see that he was the fulfillment of scriptures. Amen. See, Jesus was the promised Messiah. And though the majority of the people saw him with their natural eyes, they didn't see that he was the fulfillment of scripture. Many had their own interpretation of what he was and who he was. But yet, he remained hidden to them. Now notice in Matthew 16:13, I won't take much longer, but he says, "When Jesus came into the coast of Cesaria, Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, who whom who do men say that I, the son of man, am?" And they said, "Well, some say that thou art John the Baptist." See? Amen. Why? They were looking with their natural eyes and and and getting an interpretation of what they were looking at at the natural. Amen. See, some say Elias, some Jeremiah, some one of the prophets. He saith unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" And Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon, for flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you." You didn't catch this by the outward man. You didn't reveal it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven hath revealed it. And when the revelation became known, he be the father uncovered who Jesus was to Peter and Peter was able to look beyond the natural veil of flesh and see the unseen and saw that it was Christ in human flesh. Hallelujah. The Bible says those that crucified them, had they known that he was the Lord of glory, they would have not crucified him. But they couldn't look at the unseen. Jesus appeared to the men on the road to Emmas. Yet the Bible says their eyes were holden that they should not know him. Think of it. He's walking with them and yet hidden in plain sight. Yeah. He walked with them, the prophet said, for most of the day talking to them, expounding the scriptures on the scriptures concerning himself. But it was at the evening time, the Bible says, that he sat at meat with them. He took bread and he blessed it and break it and gave to them and their eyes were open and they knew him. Amen. God opened the eyes of their understanding and they were able to look past the visual, the natural, and see the unseen. Hallelujah. Luke 17:30, foretold of the son of man being revealed in this day. Luke 21:27 says, "And then they shall see the son of man coming in a power with or in a cloud with power and great glory." Can you put that that cloud up? And they shall see the son of man coming. Think of it. Natural eyes, they shall see him coming in not in a thunderhead cloud, but in a cloud of angels. Yeah. Ain't that right? Amen. In the cloud of angels. Now, that picture when they first got that picture, it was turned around. I wish we do. We have it where it was turned around. Amen. It was actually turned around uh right now where you if you could see it, the earth uh is on the side of it because they turned the picture around to get the the the the the what was revealed. But they shall see the son of man with the natural eyes. They took pictures. all of these things. But remember Jesus said, "The world will no longer see me, but you, the believer, the unbeliever will no longer see me, but you shall see me." Only the believer will see him. Well, how does the revelation a believer see him? By revelation, it shows it. Now see now now listen brother uh uh first of all Matthew 11:27 all things are delivered unto me of my father and no man knoweth the son but the father neither knoweth any man the father save the son and he to whomsoever the son will reveal him so you won't know him except by revelation and god has to reveal it do you believe it brother said it's not how much you learn how much the bishop wants you to know it's how much God wants you to know if you can't See this revelation? Don't ask the bishop. Ask God. Don't ask your pastor. Ask God. The Son reveals him. Ain't that right? Matthew 11:25. At that time, Jesus answered, "I thank thee, oh Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and proved it and hast revealed them unto babes." So God hides it from some and reveals it to others. And no man can see it unless it's revealed to him. And God is the only one that can reveal it. Ain't that right? Now, this picture, I I want to I want to read another scripture because it shows us that we can't even get a revelation unless God reveals it. We can't see it. Even though it's there unless God reveals it. Amen. 1 Corinthians 2:9, "But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him." So it's the natural eye, the natural ear. You can't you can't catch it. You even though you hear it many times, see it many times, it will not not be caught by natural things. Natural studying, natural intelligence, natural this, God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. See, so these things that are revealed are unseen. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, say the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know. Everybody say that we might know. The things that are freely given to us of God. Now we have this this picture there. We've had the critics tell us and try to convince us that that's that's smoke from an airplane or from a rocket or from whatever. Amen. And and that's all they can figure up. Even when they took a picture, Brother Brandham said that they saw it all all in Tucson. We found out that they saw it all the way in Flagstaff. They saw it. They saw it miles and miles around and they were all wondering what is it? They actually, I think, put out a notice. If anybody knows what that is, come and tell us what that is. We we we don't know. It's They said it's too high. Amen. To to be a cloud. It's too high to be whatever it And. And so they they said a mysterious cloud. Amen. They called That's what they called that. But see now now when the prophet first looked at that picture and you can you can just cloud of angels. Look that up. The prophet first looked at that picture. That's what he talked about. Cloud of angels. Cloud of angels. and and that's a cloud of angels and and he'd always refer cloud of angels see but then later on something was revealed to him about that picture and he says now this picture I was standing looking at it and something I was standing in my room and something said turn it to the right now I listened something said to me turn it to the Right. And I thought, well, I think I'm looking at it right, but it said turn it right. And I thought, well, maybe that voice means turn it to the right. And when I did, you see what it is? It's the Hoffman's head of Christ at 33. Now, he was seeing the unseen. Amen. The critics are looking at the smoke and saying, "That's smoke." Even a prophet was just looking at and saying, "See, that's seven angels." It took the Lord to reveal to him. And when he turned, there's Christ. He says, "Look," he said, "Here, look in here. See his black beard." Now, if you look at the original picture, you can actually see an outline. But his black beard, his face, his eyes, his nose, everything else, the part in his hair here coming up, he's he's the he's wigged with that white angel wig to show that the message of him being God is the truth. He is the supreme judge of the universe. See, supreme judge of heaven and earth, he is God and nothing else but God. Another place, look what we've seen in this day. The quickening power has come to us to open the seals. See, he wasn't talking about that when he just saw it as seven angels. Amen. See, just seven angels. But now the quickening power of God has come to us to open the seals. What was that? The intelligences of a man know the quickening power of God. The quickening power of God foretold this would take place. The quickening power of God made the world to testify to it. It's the truth. The angel of the Lord I told you was around in a pillar of fire. Quickening power. Let the world testify that it's the truth. And and in that in that they didn't know what it was. Talking about that picture, they didn't know it what it was. We knew just look this way. And it's our Lord up there. He's the one who opened those seals. He is those seals. For the whole word of God is Christ, and Christ is the seals that was open. What is the opening of the seals then? It's revealing Christ. Another place they took the picture. They still don't know uh uh what it's about. Here some time ago, everybody's saying, "Lookie here. Look, look, this looks like this." And them angels wings and how they're folded. That's all they were looking at is the angels and all of these things. See? Amen. And he says one day turning it to the right looking. There was Jesus Christ just as perfect as Hoffman had ever drawn him. It it was standing there with a white wig on looking back down towards the earth showing that he is the supreme authority. Can you say amen? Showing that he is our headship. That's our headship. The message. Can you say amen? He says see the message uh the heavens declare it. The Bible declares it. The message declares it all the same. The supreme authority with a white wig on. You see his black beard under. Many of you have seen the picture. We got it back there. Turn it to the right. Look sideways and look at it. There he is. Just as perfect as it if it had been photographed of him. They're looking at it from the wrong angle. You got to look at it in the right angle. And only the Lord God can reveal which is the right angle. Turn it to your right and look at it. There he is just as perfect. Can you say amen? Oh, do you love him? Thank God for revelation. As I stated last Wednesday, we're living in the age of revelation. Amen. And Jesus foretold of it. John 16:13 says, "How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he speak, and he shall show you things to come. He shall glorify me, for he shall receive of mine, and shall show it unto you. And all things that the father hath are mine. Therefore said I, he shall take of mine and show it unto you. So what is it? The spirit of truth is the spirit of the word revealing the word right here. Revealing the unseen to that believer. That's right. Do you believe it? Yes, sir. Now notice brother Brandham said we can preach the word, explain the word, but you have to receive it. You have to receive the word. One place he said to believe the word is to receive the word. So you say, "Well, I believe the word." Well, that's that's what you're doing. You're receiving the word by believing the word. And he said, "Oh, hallelujah. That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive it, the revelation something slips out of the unseen world yonder comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul that says, "Now I see it." Until then, you can't see it. But when you receive that word and say, "I believe it with all my heart." Something from the unseen world comes rolling down into that soul that opens your eyes to where you can see it. Can you say amen? He said your eyes brighten, your lips that hung down, straighten up and smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something's going to happen. You don't need to be in a prayer line. Then you got it then. Can you say amen? So see what is it? The spirit of the word reveals the word. Then you receive it by believing it. And then something comes down into your soul and you see it. That's how we see the unseen. Oh God, think of a people here tonight being able to see something that the world don't know nothing about. They don't understand why we're persevering about it. They don't understand how we get joy out of it. They don't see because they don't see what we see. We're looking at something that has been opened, been revealed. The veil has been taken off, and we're looking at the unseen. Amen. Brother Brandham said, "The thing of it is is people fail to see the truth of God is because there's too many man-made interpretation of God's word." So that's why we had to have a prophet to come back and bring the word into its correctness, correct it all and bring it to a perfect word. Can you say amen? Do you love the Lord? Amen. We could go on, but I I don't want to waste this this part of it. So, we'll wait until everybody's awake. Amen. If the musicians will come, bless the name of the Lord. looking at the unseen. Looking. It's more than just going to church. It's more than even just hearing a prophet or coming to church and listening. It's something that God does that he opens our eyes of understanding. He enlightens it and we behold the unseen. Oh God, I've asked God just to just keep revealing it. No wonder the prophet said, "Pray for revelation." That's the most important thing in this age is revelation. God, give us revelation. Amen. I want revelation. And God has sent a prophet to do that, to make that word correct, that if we'd receive that word and just believe it and hang our soul on it, no matter what comes, what goes, whatever, there's something down that comes into our soul that lets us see what it's all about. I don't know about you, but can you see yourself as a son and daughter of God? Can you see yourself as redeemed? Can you see yourself as justified? sinless bride, justified, perfect before the Lord. Can you see yourself already made it in a rapture, in a body change? Sure. Amen. It's not just made up. It's something that becomes a revelation. And remember, that's what the church is built upon is revelation. And then the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. Can you say amen? I love the Lord. All right. What song? Uh oh. Can't you see why I'm [Music] happy? Bless the name of the Lord. The reveal word that was spoken by the prophet of me. Look, let's go up a [Music] key. Can't you see why I'm so happy? [Music] Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord. Glory to God. The revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachia 4. Let's go up a key. Oh, can't you see why I'm happy? It's an eternal joy. Oh, I've accepted the word of the [Laughter] Lord, the revealed word that was spoken by the [Music] prophet Leo for Let's sing this little song. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book. Oh yes. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse and every line. I am trusting in his love divine. Every promise in the book. Oh, sing it again. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. every chapter, every verse and every line. Oh, I am trusting in his word divine. Oh, every promise. Do you see them promises tonight? Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, and every line. Oh, I'm trusting in his love. divine every promise in the book. Oh, saying it again. Every promise in [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed be the name of Jesus [Music] Christ. [Music] His word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I believe it till I die. Let the mountains be removed. Let him be cast into the sea. But God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Oh, Jesus said it. I believe it. If Abraham can believe it, we can believe it. If he could see the unseen, we can look to that unseen. Oh, he saw the promises and it become a reality. So shall it be for us throughout et Oh, if Jesus said it, I believe it. His word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Well, do you love him? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We um let's see, there's that song. We are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to the sea. And though the giants may be there our way to hinder, God will surely grant. Sing it again. Oh, we are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to the sea. And though the giants may be there our way to hinder, God will surely grant. One more time before we close. Oh, we are able to go up. Well, how do you know? Because I'm looking at the unseen. I see that it's already ours. I see the giants have already fallen. Oh, our way to hinder. God will surely grant the victory. Last lines. Our God will surely grant the victory. Say it this way. Our God has surely grant us the victory. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Bless his holy name. Well, God bless you is our prayer. We want to remember those that are out of town and um um young man from Oklahoma is getting married um to brother Junior uh his sister and u so the wedding is uh Saturday and so different ones uh of course brother Junior his family and an and uh the children are going to be um my children, brother Branson, going to be leaving Friday to go down there. And so we want to just keep them in our prayer. And um uh just remember, Brother Andrew, the Lord willing, will be ministering for us this Sunday. Then we'll be putting up that tent. And um uh so looking forward to uh great things in God. Amen. And so, um, let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we are so thankful that we have something else to look to in this natural world. We're so thankful.
