################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - Brother Amos Kutz The Pattern of Thought Direction - Amos Kutz.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-27
Title:    Brother Amos Kutz "The Pattern of Thought Direction"
Speaker:  Amos Kutz
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9uG1BZ_mV0
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Don't fight [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, yes, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. In my Christ abiding, I shall not be moved. Oh, in his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. If I trust him ever, I shall not be moved. Oh, he will never fail me. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, on his word I'm feeding. I shall not be moved. He's the one that's leading. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the [Music] waters be moved. There's a lot of verses. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. I shall not be moved. Oh, anchored in Jehovah. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Now in his love abiding, I shall not be moved. In him confiding, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. Oh, I Can we sing that one more time? Oh yes, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. Oh, I shall not be moved. Amen. Are you anchored in Jehovah tonight? Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Maybe we could ask uh brother Josiah to invite the Lord's presence. Lord, how we love you. how we are. I am thinking of a rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, I will raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. When the regine are gathering in, oh what music, oh what singing or that city will be rolled when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, saints will sing redemption stories with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, wash like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the redeemed are gathering in. We have heard his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh yes. When the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow. were free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, were washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. It won't be too much longer. Amen. Brother Joe. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, wash like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. [Music] Amen. The more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. The more I seek you, oh the more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. me. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your [Applause] heartbeat. Oh, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm me. [Music] Oh, the more I seek you. Is that your desire tonight? Oh, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. Sing it again. Oh, the more I seek you, the more I find you. Yes, Lord. Oh, the more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Just feel your heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. Oh, I rest in your peace. It's overwhelmed me. I want you shed at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] Oh my. Do you love the Lord tonight? Oh, he's so worthy. Amen. As they would just place softly, we've um don't have um we've got one written prayer request that we want to make known tonight. Um Brother Terry texted me uh right before we come up and uh he said that um he wasn't feeling good, so they weren't able to make it tonight. So, let's just keep Brother Terry, sister Alice in our prayers tonight. We uh want to remember all those that couldn't be here tonight uh work or uh not feeling well. So, let's just remember them. Amen. How many has an unspoken request to lift your hands? [Music] Amen. Oh. Oh, okay. So, we want to remember brother Bill tonight. Um he's he's not feeling well. So, let's just keep Brother Bill in our prayers that the Lord would just go and minister to him tonight. Amen. Yes, ma'am. [Music] Yes. Yes. That is a Yes. I totally forgot about that. We want to remember the uh people, the believers also just everyone there in North Carolina. they had that huge flood come through and and now they're on fire. So, let's just remember them tonight that the Lord would just just come down and and do a work over there. Amen. Maybe we could um ask uh Brother Tim if you would come and lead us in prayer tonight. We want to uh remember brother Amos that the Lord would just uh use him in a special way tonight. Amen. [Music] Let's believe it tonight. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this time to come together to fellowship around the revealed word once again, Father. And so we thank you, Lord, before we even come for all these blessings and all the things that you have given to us. And we pray tonight, Lord, there's urgent needs, Lord. People that's sick, can't make it to the service, Lord. We just pray for them. Ask you to undertake Lord and may it just Lord feel you pass by where they're at there Lord. Know that that you know God are praying for them. We pray for those Lord that are in the wildfires Lord and the devastation that they've went through already Lord those people down there. May you just help them. Have mercy, Father, and just send an urgent need to them, Lord, to just extinguish these fires and do the situation, Lord, whatever it is this evening, Lord. Maybe some camping out still, Lord, not able to go, Lord, to their homes, Lord, they're gone. What a time, Lord. How grateful we should be if we still have those things tonight, Lord. Let us just come Lord and with a heart Lord of mercy and faith Lord to pray for them and ask for them. And so we gather tonight and ask that you would do that and you would pass by. Bless this service this evening. We're already blessed by coming here Lord. It says let's bless the hunger and thirst Lord. And then the double blessing your prophet said you are filled. You shall be filled. So we thank you for that tonight for all your mercy and grace you've given to us. We just ask you to bless the minister as he comes here in few moments. Lord, may you preach like he's never preached before. Lord, may we get oursel out of the way. May he get himself out of the way. Lord, may it be your thoughts directly through that five-fold ministry tonight. Come and speak to us, Lord. I need you to speak to me tonight. May you grant it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. The more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find you, oh, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Feel your [Music] heartbeat. Oh, your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm. Sister Jane comes. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ear. Just feel your heartbeat. Your love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace overwhelm me. Amen. And you can be [Music] seated. When clouds of doubt hover over me, storms of life toss me to and fro. There is a place I can [Music] go. He's a shield from every tempest. He's an anor that is sure. In times like these, it's good to know God is my refuge. He's a strong and mighty tower that I can run into. God is my refuge. Without him, what would I [Music] do? I was wondering from his shelter up ahead. I could not see those storm clouds so heavy did roll. Then the storms beat hard against me. He called out and I ran to him. And I'll never wonder again. God is my refuge. He's a strong and mighty tower that I have run into. God is my [Music] refuge. Without him, what would I do? [Music] Man, are you glad we've got a strong and mighty tower? Amen. Oh, you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. I'll never be afraid. Cuz you're my hiding place. And you are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, oh I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. As brother Tim comes. Oh you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. I'll never be afraid cuz you're my hiding place. Oh, you are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, oh, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. [Music] I'm so glad that he still is. Ain't you? We'll try this tonight, brother. I think it's G. I don't need to understand. I just need to hold his hand. I don't never need to ask the reasons why. [Music] Oh, I know he'll make a way through the night and through my days. I don't need to understand. I just need to hold his hand. Life is like a mighty sea, so tossed and driven. And below rise with thin the hearts of every man. And storms so many times will leave your heart with questions. But you don't need to understand. Just hold his hand. No, I don't need to un understand. I just need to hold his hand. I don't never need to ask the reasons why. For I know he'll make a way through the night and all my days. I don't need to understand. I just need to hold his hand. Very soon. This whole life I live, it'll soon be over. And I shall be with him upon that golden strand. And we'll look back upon this life that's now behind me. And then I'll know I don't need to under standing anymore. No, I don't need to understand. I just need to hold his hand. I don't never need to ask the reasons why. For I know he'll make a way through all my night and all my days. I don't need to understand. I just need to hold his hand. No, you don't need to understand. Just hold his hand. [Music] Amen. Amen. Are you holding his hand tonight? Amen. Most importantly, he's holding our hand. Amen. Can we just dance to our feet as we ask brother Amos to come? Amen. Oh, David. Oh, so small. And the giant stood so tall. The arms were just too high for little David. Oh, so he shook off all his foes. With the power of God, he was clothed. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Oh, the battle's none mine. Saith little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Cuz I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Now, little David, unafraid, before the giant, he stood that day. It seemed to be the end for little David. Oh, but like the lion and the bear he slew, he knew that giant would come down, too. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Oh, the battle's not mine. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Lord, it's fine. Oh, the battle stop said little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. Give it all to you. People do not want to do. I'm so glad you made me see. You're really all that I need. The battle stop mine. I give it to you. Lord, it's mine. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Don't Aren't you glad you can sing songs like that and other songs like it and you just read between the lines? You know why that is? Cuz you got the Holy Ghost. And you know the prophet said the Bible has become a new book. This message is not just a message. It is the message. Amen. The message for me. How many can say it's for you. Amen. You got to be able to say it's for me. Amen. And so welcome each and every one of you tonight. Good to see the farmers and brother Matthew, brother Tim, and sister Farmer. And we appreciate you and coming up. And of course, we continue to pray for y'all and Lord will comfort your heart with uh passing of brother Virgil. But you know one thing, Brother Virgil's having a hallelujah time. Oh my goodness. He wouldn't want to come back to this world. He's in such a place. You imagine that? It's real. And it's not just but a few feet from us here tonight. Think about that. Wow. Praise the Lord. So God is good as the songwriter said, "But until then, my heart will go on singing until the day God calls me home." So let's let's turn in the word of God. Thank you musicians tonight. and we really appreciate the word that's been coming forth lately. Our pastor and over the weekend it was just so so much of a blessing to see little Shubble dedicated. I don't know about you, but I was really rejoicing uh great mission accomplished. Amen. It was a great triumph. Amen. over the power of darkness that tried to take the little fella's life. But mom and dad stood in there and grandparents too and everybody stood in with their prayers and God's bringing them through. Amen. You say, "Well, he's not out of the water." Well, he's sure come a mighty long way. Amen. The same God that brought them a mighty long way will take them to the omega. Amen. He is the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. And God will take them all the way through to the finish line. How many believes that? Amen. Just like the rest of us, God will take you all the way to the finish line. I'm not worried about it. He said, "So, see, how can you be so certain of that?" I got a personal revelation of that. God don't just give out a personal re revelation and then reneg on it. He stands true to what he said. And if he reveals to you that you're a son or daughter of him, you ought to be swinging from the ceiling fan. Amen. You ought to be so happy tonight. Amen. And then know I you say, you know, and you know, we all think this way. And this is not what I'm going to be speaking on tonight. But how many's ever thought you was a basket case? All right, I'll raise both of my hands to cover you, too. Well, I've often thought of myself as that. I I've got so many issues and issues. Oh Lord, and and so much this that that that that. But I'm in the hands of one who seen me locked up in a stone block. He said, "I see Moses in there. I see Amos down there locked up in that all that stuff that he's was born into. But he's a son of God. And thank God, you know, God has a way of bringing us out. Amen. and shaping. You know, Michael, what fascinates me the most is that Michelangel had the uh image in his mind of Moses and he captured, you know, if you look at some of the other other artist drawings, you know, brother Rams talked about Adam and Eve, how, you know, the artists, they had them looking like freaks almost. I mean that's but you know when Michael his divine inspiration hit him. It wasn't devil inspiration. It was divine inspiration hit him and how he and got everything proportionate. That's what fascinates me you know that he the human body they didn't get you know an arm looking like a great big old arm and a small head or something like that. You know, everything was proportionate, but more than that, it conveyed a message. And uh I think God is every one of us tonight is a masterpiece. You say, "I feel like a master mess. Been there, done that." But that's not my confession tonight because I'm confessing a masterpiece message. A masterpiece that will correct any life. a masterpiece that will bring about a totally matured son and daughter of God. Yes, sir. Period. Yes, sir. I don't have that power within myself. I don't have all the the self-help books to read, but I've got a book that's open and the mysteries have been open. The mystery of my life, the mystery of my calling, it's all in there. It's all in this revealed word. Therefore, I want to focus in on that. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we gathered here on a Wednesday evening, Lord, and know we've come off the job. We've come off of middle of the week, Lord. And we ask you, oh God, that you will just help us tonight, Lord. May you break the bread of life. May you take the bread in your hands and may you break it, Father. And help us to receive it, Lord. We pray. Keep us, Lord, from saying anything that would be detrimental or contrary to the word or detrimental to people's uh spiritual walk, dear God. And Lord, but may we liberally speak as as a tongue, Father God, not an unknown tongues, but Lord, in a known tongue, revealing the word from our lips. We pray, help us, oh God, with a simple thought tonight. I pray and I ask it now as we read your word. May you bless it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. So tonight, I want you to turn with me to the book of Philippians, chapter 2. And I want to read this as our text tonight. Philippians 2 and beginning at verse 5. Everybody have it? All right. He says, "Let this mind be in you which is also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God." Let's go back and read verse one again. When this really soaks in and you're saying, "Oh boy, let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus." And you got a a semicolon there. Verse six, who who's you? Who's he talking about? He's talking about Christ Jesus. Who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Amen. made of himself no reputation, took upon him the form of a servant servant, and was made in the likeness of men. Being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also has highly exalted him, given him a name which is above every name, the name of Jesus. Every knee should bow of things in heaven, things on earth, things under the earth, and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Verse 13. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do his good pleasure. Let's read read the last verse again together. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. How many wants that tonight? How many wants it more and more in your life? Amen. Praise God. You can be seated. Tonight I want to speak a little bit on a thought here of the pattern of thought direction. The pattern of thought direction. We all remember how brother Brandham said there was a young boy growing up in a house and he had a picture of a ship or an airplane or something on the wall and the prophet said that that picture begin to influence his life and no doubt he begin to desire created something within him a desire to be more of a either a sailor or a airplane pilot or what have you because of the influence and you know no doubt he asked for he's seen a toy a toy boat and he got a boat and after a while he gets older and he wants a model boat. The kind that you know you build and you put together piece by piece and no doubt as he gets older and he learns how to read then he's starting to read more books about sailing and he wants to get a boat. He wants to get a boat and go out on the water and all the while his focus is on going to sea. Is he a sailor? Not just yet, but he's on his road. And so that's the same way with a pilot. He studies he he the boy starts out, you know, flying kites, flying this, making paper airplanes and in study hall in school like we used to do. Big old newspaper one time. Took that thing and great big old thing look like a giant bat or an eagle. And uh picked that thing up. Nobody was looking. Someone was looking. And I was on one side of the lunch hall, which was a high ceiling. I took that thing and I thought it had crashed. That thing glided all the way across the room and and everybody was there. Wow. Well, that's just that just shows. Now if a person stays in that they study begin to read about flying and and all of this and about birds and lift and how birds will set their wings. You know I've seen crows birds when they come in for a landing and they put their feet down and it's like their wings kind of go up. It's just a natural thing. It's part the way God made them. when they want to land their wing the legs go will they're laid back they're like landing gear on an airplane they'll suddenly come down when they come down and their wings go up and they just kind of settle down onto their feet so anyways a person stays in this in this mind channel and after you stay in that long enough you'll become whatever he is projecting into your life, what's projecting in your mind. You're under the influence. You know, our brother here, I know he likes horses and probably a lot of other stuff I don't know about, but he he felt a call to law enforcement. And my hats off to you, brother Matthew. Amen. Good to have a a good law man, a Christian, Holy Ghostfilled law man out there on the streets. Amen. And you know, he he has to think that. No doubt. I don't know what you all do. He's going through a lot of serious training. First, he was a uh a medical uh first responder and he stayed he had to go through training out there in the middle of the New River and uh February or March or something like that. Oh my goodness. Sitting on a rock. Oh, wet, cold, damp. That's part of the rescue. Cuz if your boat overturns in cold water, Brother Matthew or somebody like them's going to be out there to get you cuz they've been trained to fight those uh horrible currents that go through them rocks and they're like a a snake of the current going through the rocks. And you got to be able to know how to fight that stuff to rescue and to fight a current. Not only that, but to keep a person under control that's drowning. I mean, you have to almost use sometime lethal force, I guess, or something to get them under control so you can save their life or they'll pull us both down in the water. And that's happened already. But a person stays in that channel. And so G Paul says here, "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus." Who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. how we're not to be equal with God. We are sons. We are his offspring. He is our father. Amen. Amen. And he is Jesus Christ, our elder brother. Amen. Who was made flesh, who was God in flesh. And so we realize that God has a position. And this is where a lot of people I I I think of this. You're under the influence of something. Right. You know, you I've been years ago and I'll say this. I may may have said it before. We was into trail biking and all of that motorized trail biking and joy that still do it if I never get the chance bike on the road. But anyway, going into these motorcycle shops, I wasn't even a Christian. And I can remember going into a I believe it was a Honda motorcycle shop. You know, they're selling bikes. Oh my goodness. I never heard such in all my life. The what kind of a place you call this? They had the hard rock going really loud. There was all kind of scandaly clad women up on the, you know, selling the bike, you know, sitting on the bike. though. Oh my, I this this is uh I don't know. I just feel uncomfortable in here. I wasn't a Christian. I was used to gospel music, no television in my home. I was used to going to church. And that was foreign to me. Didn't sound right. And so, you know, now they're trying to sell, they're appealing to the sinner's senses. That's still going on today. And they try trying to appeal. So, but what you have on your walls, what you put before you, that's what you'll become. So, you you got to realize people, you get yourself in a pattern of thinking. The world lives by fatalistic dread. I want I meant to look the quote up in a church age book. What is fatalism? Fatalism is a very negative. And it says say says we're on a railroad tracks and we're bound to a destination whether we like it or not and you're going to go there whether you like it or not and you can't change it. That's fatalism. And little do people realize how fatalism will dictate if they're not careful. And you don't stay with the word. You get into a path say, "Well, my generation several generations back, they were all like that. And I'm bound to repeat exactly what previous generations had their battles and struggles with. And I'm not going to make it. I've got I've just got to go that way." Now, if you keep thinking like that, you will go that way. And the prophet said, "The way a tree leans, that's the way it's going to fall." The predictability on that is very clear. It's going to fall. We don't live by fatalism. We live by faith. We believe against all odds. I could pass this microphone around tonight starting in the front all the way back up to the front and I could ask you what are the odds against you? Now, not to be carnal, not to be a negative confessor, but I'd say we could come up with a pretty good list of of bad odds. But I want you to know God has already overcome all of the odds. So if you get him on the inside of you, it's no longer you overcoming, but it's him overcoming through you. Now, I believe in living a sanctified life, and I believe people should live a sanctified life, and I continue to live a sanctified life with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Now, years ago, we used to believe, and I know I ain't I ain't going to preach that tonight, but you know, I was around the pilgrim holiness. I was around the Wesley and Holiness people, and they believe it in an initial initial work of sanctification at the altar. You screamed, hollered, you got the victory, and then you were sanctified until you backslid. Then you had to go back and repeat it all over again. You see that was a life trying to live in the flesh a walk a way of legalism. Now do I say is that wrong to be sanctified? Absolutely not. I believe this that when when when God man sincerely desires to be saved and he gives his heart to God, he or she, all the worldly things will suddenly lose their appetite. That's right. And a trash can will be full of stuff that was detrimental to you. whatever it was, a six-pack or cigarettes or pornography or whatever or whatever this or whatever that, your trash can will fill up. You'll be hauling stuff to the dump. You'll be putting a shotgun blast in the television. Amen. Why? You no longer Yes, there's still something in you, but you feel a higher pull. You want more aware the feeling of salvation for your sin, for your life. You want more where that come from. So you're going to turn the valve off. You're going to shut the door. The mosquitoes are coming in. You're going to shut the door. You're going to make mosquito's life miserable by making smoke or putting out these tiki torches, right? You see, you don't want to entertain those things anymore. And that's sanctification. Yes. I believe every single one of us, even without the Holy Ghost, needs a work of sanctification. Amen. never ceases to amaze me how people that leave this message and I just got word a confirmation. I would have hoped that I would have been wrong on the two witnesses that I received that it was not true. but that a minister and his wife had left the message, had left the word. And it really amazes me how that people could take the word of God so quickly deny it. And a woman that's never wore pants can suddenly feel comfortable putting pants on. After all that word, after all that preaching and how that a woman's physique is not meant to be showed openly, but it's a private matter between her and her husband. Yes, sir. It never ceases to amaze me how that is one of the first things. Or cut their hair, men start wearing shorts, earrings. once believers of this message. You know what? As I said here not long ago, some of you might have seen what I said, but that's a slap in the face to all the bygone people who laid in an altar and cried out to God to be saved and sanctified and filled with the Holy Ghost under the light of that yesterday. who who lived brother Brandham said drink water out of a bridge lived those soda crackers went to sh even financial income I mean not that they they proud themselves but they turned on careers to stay with the word of God for their hour what a slap in the face grandmas grandpas was about all gone now. Sister Brenda, I used to see him when I first came to Christiansburg going in the roses, going in the hills department store. See a godly woman come in there with uncut hair, long dress, Pentecostal lady of some sort. Oh, there's still maybe one here, one there anymore. But you don't see them old-timers no more. that little group that was down there that one day, Brother Farmer, when I was preaching for brother Mike, was it Mike Newman? I always get the name mixed up down at Jill Coffee or Junior Newman, I'm sorry. When I was preaching down there and we had that Sunday evening service and went over to a McDonald's afterward and a group of people come walking in there, I told Brother Junior, I said, "Who are those people?" godly, holy looking people. He said, "They go over that Pentecostal holiness church down the road." I said, "Wow, what a testimony." It looked like the most godly bunch you ever seen. Now look where they're at. That's been almost 30ome years ago. What a slap in the face to people who understood the light. The only the the cloudy daylight, if you will, and lived under that as far as they could go with it. What a slap in the face. I don't know about you, but boy, it it really my righteous indignation at the day of judgment, there'll be no excuse. Amen. I heard how brother Porter or who was it said their daddy or grandpa or whoever laid it in there and lung for 30ome years and had the Bible hanging on piano strings above them. And they had to stay in that iron alone all those years. And then they took him out to bathe him, do whatever he needed to do. Put him on a rocking table so he keep on breathing. There'll be no excuse for dusty Bibles. I don't care what you are. Pentecost, Pentecostal, Baptist, I don't care what you are. Dust on the Bible, no excuse. A man in an iron lung for 30ome years reading a Bible helmet and have to have somebody change the pages for him. Amen. My God, help us. I'm not preaching to anybody here. I'm not I'm not pointing people out. Anyway, we got to move along. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, God has a position for every one of us. a beloved bride. A beloved masterpiece of a bride. Praise God. Another scripture I want to read. I've got a lot to cover tonight if time will allow as much as we can. We'll go as far as we can. And I've spoke on this before. I'm just kind of title it different. He says in Colossians 2 and 9, "For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bowly, and ye are complete." How many knows what the word complete is? You know, do you know what the word complete means? It's finished. It's done. Like brother Shawn was preaching, it is finished. which is the head of all principality and power. In whom also you are circumcised with the circumcision made with hands in putting off the body of sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ, buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead. And you being dead dead in sin and trespasses, sins and uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way. In other words, he took it out of your way and nail it on his cross. put the blame on me. If anything's old, it's on my account. Aren't you glad the old account was settled long ago and the records clear today for he washed my sins away. The old account was settled long ago. And so he says, and this is what I want to just uh say a little bit about in verse 15, having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them, openly triumphing over them in it. Now, I like to I'd like to take a look at these words spoiled. It says that Jesus spoiled principalities and power. So I want to, you know, sometimes you think you know the meaning of a word, the meaning of a phrase, brother Matthew. You think you know and then you find out there's a little bit more to that than what you thought. And that's why it's good to study and to read. And that's why we should have lexicons and and Bible study dictionary and help you and whatever you know and the message of the hour. So he spoiled means this it means to diminish or to destroy the value or to impair. In other words, these it's like the nerve center. He spoiled principalities and powers. He impaired them. He crippled them. He took away their authority. He took away the iron grip that they held over people. He spoiled them. They thought they had the perfect trap for sons and daughters of God to forever hold them in their grip. But he brought that hand open. Now they are powerless and muscleless to keep you trapped in a trap. So he spoiled him. The next thing it says there in that verse, he made a show of them openly. You're laughing, brother M. Brother Tim. You You uh I think you know you know what that means. How many can read between the lines here? How many knows what that's talking about? Let's say somebody come in this church or somebody come into your home. You had your whole family there and uh you know let's say somehow I'm I'm trying to think of something an example of something. Somebody come in there and tried to harass or do something bad to one of your children. Well, you being the family defender, you you you do whatever it would take to expose that person who is being very deviant and deceitful in trying to harm one of your household. So, you would broadcast that. you would call the police, you know, somebody snuck in somewhere even into this church and let's say really really had a bad bad idea to do somebody harm or do something evil or do something wrong. So that person, let's say the camera caught him. In other words, Jesus made a show of these powers being defeated. Now, I'll just want to read a little bit what somebody else has said here about made a show of them openly. Jesus made a public spectacle. In other words, it wasn't a closed courtroom. All the nasty details was going to be brought out and the accused was brought in and he was proven to be guilty and his scheme has been uncovered. Doesn't that sound like something in the message we've read? His schemes that dirty devil. Yes. His schemes are uncovered now made a public spect spectacle of all the powers and principalities of darkness, stripping away from them their every weapon and all their spiritual authority and power to accuse us. And by the power of the cross, Jesus led them around as prisoners in a procession of triumph. Amen. You remember brother Madam said that when David killed Goliath, he took Goliath's own sword and he cut the Goliath's head off with his own sword. What did he do with that head? He made a show of him openly. Amen. Wave them heads. You're a so-called giant right here. He is held his head up by the hair. You see this Philistines? You're a leader. Your head is dead. This is a dead head. Now I feel like preaching. made a show of them openly. Goes on to say he led them around as prisoners. Now in verse 15 it says triumphing. He made a show openly of them triumphing over them in it. So I looked up the word triumphing. And it says a notable success, not just a success, but a notable accomplishment. Brother Carter, a notable achievement, a job that you do, brother or brother Jaz builds a three 3500 square foot house and it's a success. A lot of hard work, a lot of lot of looking at the, you know, the builder blueprints and permits and everything in their cons. They want this and they want that, they want this and they want that. A notable success. And so the joy or exaltation of victory or success. Examples, a person that overcomes a serious illness. A team winning a championship after overcoming significant obstacles. Demonstrating a feeling or great satisfaction and pride resulting from a success or a victory. Now, I've read a lot of history and I've seen a lot of the old artist drawings, you know, and recently I've seen that drawing of the great Roman conquest of Gaul and it was a it was a really difficult fight. It was a difficult battle. Now, I'm not into the the blood and gore and and all of that. Those things are horrific. But after which whichever side, it don't matter because it went on both sides. Especially when the Roman army was defeated by the uh the Germans. I believe they weren't known as Germans, but the Saxons or whoever. And they they took the colors and the the uh thing the banners and the they had these metal signs or whatever their I forget what the word they call it, but they led them down those streets and they had those Roman generals and soldiers in chains and shackles. They were making a show of them openly. These are the ones that tormented us. These are the ones that came and took our children for slaves and took up money from us in taxes. And I remember seeing the pictures of the Roman emperors, the Roman generals on a return to Rome from a all over Europe. I forget now who the commander was, but he was in charge of the armies of Rome. And he was bringing back the captives and the booty that was taken from the places that he conquered. And it was a great show. And there's the enemies down in chains and shackles and shame and disgrace. They marched down and the crowds were cheering as a general. I'm reminded of a greater general than that. The Lord Jesus Christ who made a show of them openly defeating every devil of darkness and even going and suffering as a lost soul paid the price, the ransom for you and I. And what a time of rejoicing. He's alive. He's alive. All power is given to me in heaven and in earth. The great general, he made a show of them openly. And I am not even getting my subject yet. Jesus said in John 14:12, and I want you to look at the the thought direction of the pattern of thought direction. Verily, verily I say you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do. Greater works. First John 4:4, "Ye of God, little children, have overcome them because greater is he." Do you believe it or do you do you not believe it? Sometimes our actions really, we send signals to God. We send signals to others. I don't know where they're at. Do you really believe it or have you have you heard it so many times? Well, I don't think it works for me. Hallelujah. Amen. It's me, too. I think some of us we just I don't know, maybe we ate too big of a supper tonight, worked too hard during the day. Greater is he that is in you. Greater greater not just great but greater is he that's in you than he that's in this world. Glory to God. That's a pretty big God. That'd be bigger than the God of this world. You better believe it. He's big. The same same minerals, the same thing that's in that drop of pillar of fire that's in you is out there. What's in that ocean? That's in that pillar of fire right there. The same power, the same thing is in you. Think about that. Greater is the lick that's from that pit of fire that's in you than he that's in the world. My my my what happened to us Sunday? Oh my. I'm sorry. I know you love me. 1st Samuel 16 and six. But and it came to pass when they were come that he looked on Eliab, said, "Surely the Lord's anointed before him." But the Lord said unto Samuel, "Look not on his countenance or on the height of his stature, because I refuse him. For the Lord seeth not as man seeth, for man lookth on the outward appearance, but the Lord lookth on the heart." Was there anything about David that would would have caused anyone, you know, it says that he he had an innocent look about himself. He was ruddy, which mean he red had red hair. He was a little fella. But God wasn't even looking at that either. Hallelujah. He wasn't looking at that. There's plenty of There was plenty of people walking around that looked like David. There was other shepherd herders out there in the land of Israel. Yeah. So God wasn't looking at looking at David's outward man say, "Well, you know, God looks on the heart. God seen his seed. He seen he's seen Moses in the block of stone. Really?" Amen. And he and he heard Moses. He heard David calling from the block of stone. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He makes me to lie down by green pastures. The Lord is my light and my rock. Of whom should I be afraid? I hear David calling from that block of stone he's locked up in. I'm going to unlock him. At least partly. They'll say partly because he hadn't received the Holy Ghost new birth. But he sure got unlocked. He sure got unlocked, didn't he? He got unlocked from that stone he was in. You say, "What are you talking about?" See, David had a potential. He was not yet king. So God had to unlock the doors. The anointing oil had to come upon David or he couldn't be king. The prophet had to go to David and anoint him. Samuel, he's just like you and I, a prophet of God, right? He thought the same way as we think when Eli live and all these fine looking young men. No doubt nothing wrong with him either. There's probably many fine young men in the land of Israel then. Good quality men. Young men. Sure. But God chose one. Sometimes his seed is hid away and locked up in a stone that my goodness, can anything good come out of Nazareth? Anything good come out of that block of stone? Boy, he's he's certainly a block of stone. All right, he's a blockhead. That's what people used to say about some of us because we were a bunch of blockheads. That's right. Come on, admit it. Amen. Don't want to admit it. You think we're a bunch of angels? We was always sweet and kind and lovely. Oh boy. You'd have knowed me. You said, "Tell that Yankee go home." Boy, I'm going to get run out of here soon enough. When we were country people, boy, we really told people what we thought. Now, you know, it's like never meet a stranger. Now, what causes that? The Christ that's on the inside. God loves people. You'll love people. Even the ones you disagree with. Yes, sir. When I say disagree with, you know, I Well, better not go that way. I've had her forgive 70 times. Seven times. 70 times seven. Keep on forgiving. I told a man telling brother Josiah the other day, I won't go into names or details, but oh my, forgive, forgive, forgive, forgive, took advantage of, took advantage of. felt like many times become a you know a kick around. He can take anything. Get mad, take it out on him. Even if he's not, he ain't a fault for anything. Just take it out on him. Punching bag. You know what? I'm still serving the Lord. I'm still moving on with God. I'm going on with Jesus just the same. You may false accuse me, scandalize my name. I'm going on with Jesus just to say, "Amen." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. David, God l the Lord lookth on the heart. Amen. Now, this is where we're going to kind of back up a little bit with whatever time we have left. And I know our time is getting away on us, but brother Brandham said, "We know in in God's power to transform September 11th." Brother Brandham says, "But since the opening of those seven seals of them angels just behind the mountain yonder, this has become a new book. It's things that have been hid is being revealed as God promised in Revelation 10, he would do it. And we are the privileged people that God has chosen on the earth that we might see and understand these things which is not some mythical fleshly mind of a person trying to make it up. It's the word of God made manifest proven that it's right. Proven not by science but by God that it's right. Amen. It's a new book. But how many of these things, you know, we we think predestination, no eternal hell, you know, the the city that's shaped of a pyramid, a hill rising up out of the earth, the city coming down and setting on that and and we think of that and then we think of the serpent seed and godhead. But what about the mystery of your life? The opening of the seals, the opening of the word has opened up the full redemption claim for you and me. That had to be the lamb had to open the book. The title deed is no longer held by the father anymore. It was taken back. It went back to the father when Adam and Eve fell. But now the title deed is no longer in the heads. The one that siteth upon the throne. The Bible says that Revelation 10:1, a mighty angel came down and as he's descending, he he's got an open book in his head and a rainbow over his head. Who was it? Jesus Christ. Amen. the lamb. Now he's coming down with a book that's no longer closed. It is open. Revelation five, the lamb has prevailed to open the seals thereof. Now he the seventh angel begins to sound. The Bible says the mystery of God. That seventh angel we know was the earthly messenger William Brandom for our age. The mystery of God should be finished. But that's not the end of it right there. Then he says, "Come take the book. Take the book." He says that to John. He's not telling the seventh angel. Seventh Angel has been preaching reading out of it. But now he says, "Take that book and eat it up." And then you must prophesy with your life. That is what you and I want. The mystery yourself revealed in the scriptures. I seen my name. Brother Ram said, "When when John must have seen his name, have you seen yours yet? Have you seen your name in this message?" Are you identified by that message? Why have we come all this way? And we're hearing what we're hearing is becoming more and more clear. As a hand, as the object approaches the wall, the hand is no longer fuzzy, but it's becoming more and more clear as that day approaches. Why? You are seeing yourself. He we are his image on earth. We're not trying to be God, but now are we the sons of God. You're not thinking like denominationals, you know, worked around a lot of people that says, "Oh, I'm a Christian. I go to church. I preach." You know, I won't say where that was, but some of them were doing the best they could. I'll give them that. This one guy, you he'd be sitting there at lunchtime and you wouldn't believe the awful stuff coming out of his mouth. Questionable. It wasn't what I would call bad bad. But says that don't sound like a Christian ought to be saying those things. You know, I've noticed you you all have met people like that in your life. All of a sudden you say you start talking about the Lord and it's like well why you looking like that for? You feel uncomfortable don't you? Why? Your life is testifying something different than what you've been professing and the presence of the Lord is not welcome in their in their presence. They say he is but not the God I God I serve. You bow your heads in prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. It's almost like people will swallow their tongue. You start talking about the Lord. I've seen it. People almost start looking for a place to hide. They're coming under conviction is what it is. That's right. Doing ungodly things and evil things. And no wonder they don't feel comfortable. Want to get away from you. Probably don't hate you. I mean, as a person, they just don't like the presence of the Lord. It exposes their evil deeds of darkness, just your presence. Now, if it ain't, then what's happened to us. People lose their respect for you. That's what the devil wants. We probably a lot of us has been there. I've been there at one point in my life. Why? I wasn't committed to God. I let people just I didn't I didn't speak up. When you begin to speak, when the word of faith begins to speak, the devil will stop in his tracks. And he might still try to push at you. But you say, "No, devil. I ain't backing up. I'm not giving you one inch." And then you show your authority. See, he'll test you out to see whether or not you really mean it. That's why I wonder sometimes in some of the situations that we get into in our lives if we don't paralyze the peril of God. You do exactly what Jesus said not to do. You want your tradition over the word of God. You make the word of God to no effect by your tradition. But guess what? That was spoke one day as truth. And now that statement is history because we find in the message of the hour that brother Adam said in the evening light when the messenger comes. I'll read it to you. I don't have it in quote form up here in the feast of the trumpets. Now notice here's a great thing. Look. Oh my. The Holy Spirit has been bound. Listen. Listen, please. The Holy Spirit has been bound by denominations all these 2,000 years. Amen. We find out it has. Now notice the Sabbaths 7. They couldn't get it all out of the way out. Bible said there would be a day that would be neither day, night, or day. And all scripture Jesus said must be fulfilled. Is that right? The prophet said, "There'll be a day that can't be called night or day or night, but in the evening time it shall be light." What was it? The same sun that shines in the east is the same sun that shines in the west. Let me see if I can find the Holy Ghost was bound by 2,000 years but is loosed by the evening time message. You say why? The same thing had the Jews not bound the power of the scripture bound the Holy Ghost through their creeds. The Jesus said in Mark chapter 7 that they love their their traditions more than the commandments of God. And what did Jesus said? I can't bless over top of your sin. Simply put, that's what Jesus was telling them. What was their sin? Disbelieving the commandment of God by holding on to their tradition. You know why? Why did they do that? There's a lot of reasons. Some of it was financial gain, popularity. We really understood the conditions of that day and how those priests and scribes, they were powerful people. With the Romans, they were they were popular in business. His money dominated a whole lot of things back then. You realize that many of those priests and scribes were vast land owners that didn't even belong to them. They were wealthy. They had agricultural farming regions that they had bought and by tribal order a lot of that didn't even belong to them. You made the word of God to none effect for because of your traditions and gee boy that went over boy that that score st their hides. But what do people do today? You say well you know yeah that was them and this and that in our lives. Let's bring it down home. What is it you're holding on to? If there was a Pentecostal that loved to shout and jump and scream and holler and sing and praise God, preach under the anointing, it was me. I know brother Sean and everybody else has said it too. But I know I know all about that. I was in the Jesus name church. I was in a trinitarian church at the age of 15 or 16 years old. Found myself out in the middle of the aisle. I don't even know how I got there. Dancing and screaming and jumping and shouting and praising God. Something just come over me. It's real. Yeah, I've been there. But you know what? That is nothing compared to what we have right now. And anybody that thinks, "Oh, I felt so good. I felt so good. I'd love to go back to that." What is it? What is it? You the euphoria. You get your people worked up in the music and I know the Holy Spirit blessings come down. But what about our meetings today? What do we see in the last few meetings we've had at the church here one night? We was here and I I think some of you stayed over 20 minutes. Brother Virgil was here that time that one of that last service he was in and the spirit of the Lord was moving and moving and moving. Yes, sir. Amen. Now, back then, we didn't even know know hardly which end was up. Now, we know which end is up. Amen. I'll just go a little bit further. Bible becomes a new book. Amen. Brother Brandon said this in his message, Great Warrior, 1955, January 18th. Jesus Christ robbed Satan of everything he had. He spoiled principalities, powers, and dominions. His domain reigns over the heavens and earth. And we're the subject of his domain. Now listen to what he says here. Hallelujah. He says, "My that puts him where he belongs." Puts him where he belongs. Let brother Brown say a little bit more here. The devil up there. That big old giant. He's after me. Cancer. Where's my nerve medicine? Better call the pastor. Pray. Better call this brother. This sister. Cancer. That Christian believer shouldn't even talk like that. Conduct themselves like that. Where does brother Ram say the devil is? the devil down there. What does the scripture say? I believe it was in Isaiah or one of the Old Testament prophets. And they shall look on you as an abominable branch. You're cast out of your grave. I won't even allow you to be buried with the slain. You'll be an abominable branch and they shall look upon you the devil down there. When will we get it in our hearts? I believe it probably already for there for most of us. But when are we going to get this thing up here lined up with what's in our heart? The devil up there. Big bad boogeyman is going to get me. We may not say that. I know that's being juvenile. Many times our actions and our words make the devil look so big and so tall. Would you please pick up the sword or the word of God with such a sharp pin and bust his bubble, please? Would you please bust his balloon in that bag of hot air? Amen. Deflate him like where he belongs. Cuz that's all he is hot air. How do you do it? Pick up the sword which is sharper than any two-edged sword. The word of God. Brother Ram said he he come flying in furiously on you but he went out of there faster and when he come in he got his feathers singed because he ran into 40,000 volt 60 amp service. You better believe the fireflies, a Holy Ghost fil believer. You say, "Well, what about these people out here passing away of cancer?" I can tell you one thing, Brother Virgil stood true to God. the last time that we was able to communicate with him, even the very last time when we were up there and it was just he was only a day or two or several days away. He tried to speak when I spoke to him and he went in into that bedroom and he he his hand went up. He was trying to communicate. He heard us and then he kind of went into a slumber. That devil didn't win that battle. That devil's already lost the battle. God allowed him to afflict that body and what did he get? A soul that went off into the bosom of Jesus. Amen. Amen. The devil down there in Christ the victor. He said, "You're David's. You're called, elected, known, and positionally, and put in the body of Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost." I I I I'm not going to be able to get back into the meat of things cuz my time is running out. But let's just start or end this where we were trying to get to start. It's just so hard. Brother Josiah got to discipline myself. So many good things pop up along the way. He says in the Pergamian church age, the reason that this part of the eulogy of the spirit is because these brave soldiers of the cross were overcoming Satan out at the North Pole or the South Pole or uh some island out there. What do they call it? Diego Garcia out there in the Indian Ocean, you know that secret military base US Army in Britain have control of, you know. No, no. He says they were overcoming Satan right in the midst of his own throne room. In his own throne room, not in the fringes, not in the suburbs, right in Satan's own throne room. They were winning the battle through the name and faith of Jesus. Right in the camp of the leaders of darkness. Right in the camp of the leaders of darkness. What a tremendous commenation like the mighty man of David who invaded the camp of the enemy to bring David thirst quenching water. So these giants of faith invaded the realm of Satan's earthly stronghold and by preaching and exhorting brought the water of salvation to those who lived under the shadow of death. Let me tell you something. I want my pattern of thought, direction to be on this beast in this word. I'm not going to be dictated to me by tradition. I'm not going to be dictated by a family member. I'm not going to be dictated by the statements and negative statements around me. And whether they come from family members in another state or or come from this one or come from that one, I'm not going to be dictated. My life is not going to repeat the past. My life is his life. His life is my life. I've become invisible. I want to become so invisible that Jesus Christ can only be seen in me. And when somebody meets me for the first time may never see me again. They'll know that they have met someone else. I think of let's stand the story of Lady Mcabe. She was really an ungodly, wicked woman. Brother Bram said, he was telling those people over there in India, all these different religions, what could you do for that lady? A lady like that. Let me tell you something. In the power of Jesus Christ, the power not just in symbol of the blood of the believing on the blood but be coming under the blood can change a life to where Lady Mcabe would be unrecognizable as Lady Mcabe. He looks so godly. I believe that the presence of God can come into a person's life. It will change you. You may feel like I feel like I got scars. I feel like I got I got this. I got bad memories. I I did some really really rotten dirty things in my past. But when that blood really comes home and washes you and cleanses you, people can never imagine you being in such a condition. That's the power of the Christ transformation. God's power to transform. That's what this message is all about. To take us from fallen. We should have come by spoken word. We're trapped into sin. We had smut and sin in our heart. Yes, we had a seed, but it was contaminated. Lived in a contaminated world. God has the ability to take us back. He don't start on the outside. He starts by giving us a new birth in our soul. And then the body comes last. Oh my, it's beautiful. I can't lay it out like some of these minister brothers can. that God in the reconciliation the reconciliation project and I like what brother Brandham said about it. I wish I had the quote, but brother Brandham said the latter state of the prodigal son was actually [Music] greater than the first time before he went out into sin. When he come back, that was even greater. [Music] The restoration was was so great. You restore a car, you restore a motorcycle down to the fine detail, but they find out the manufacturer they did something wrong in the engine of the transmission and it was flawed. Now, there's two types of restoration. Restoration absolutely down to the detail, including the flaw. Or restoration, take it to where it can't break anymore. Oh [Music] my, you would not be able to [Music] fall. The flaws taken away. It's taken [Music] away. This second knee, she'll not fall. She's been washed. And God doesn't even [Music] remember. How far back? How how deep do you want to take that thought? How far back when he pushed delete on your old life, how deep does that really go? I got enough for revelation tonight. If th this message is true, God does not even remember Adam and Eve falling. [Music] None of that in the past. These all died in the faith. Not even remember that Rahab was a harlot. He has it in writing. That's all. It's not even in God's mind anymore. Not in not in the mind of every believer. The mistakes they [Music] made, he don't remember it. and he don't remember your past. I've known I've known godly men and godly sisters, godly brothers and godly sisters. If you'd hear their testimony, they're like like a lot of the rest of us. They were bad boys and they were bad girls. You know what? They're transformed. They're bloodwashed. You're sanctified. They're bloodwashed. They're clean. Call not what God has cleansed. Why do you accuse yourself? What did What did he say to him in the vision? What God has cleansed, call not unclean. I say to you, you may look at yourself as being a snake. You may look at yourself as being a lizard. You may look at yourself as being this or that, but if the blood is there, the snake's gone. That snake nature's gone. The scorpion nature's gone. The bad boy, the bad girl, it's gone. Take it [Music] away. Amen. Amen. What are y'all playing? Brother Daniel, come on. I want to [Music] live. God help me and thank God for being able to work for a Christian brother in our church. Had to work years in public. God really worked on me and I'm thankful, privileged to be able to work for a brother in our church. Different atmosphere. Very thankful. [Music] A lot of things I could be doing and may do, but I'll tell you one thing. There's nothing better than to be working for a believer. My hats off to you, brother Josiah. And I'm not trying to I know you didn't ask for that. Not looking for that. He's a man of character. I'll tell you that. Don't have to work with a man very long. You know, somebody's a man of woman or man of character. Amen. Go ahead, brother Daniel. No more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. I want to live. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to [Music] laugh till there's just no I could never ever Oh, I want to live the way. He wants me to feel love. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no love. for I could never ever ask the Lord. Oh, I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love for I could never ever out love the Lord. Can we sing it one more time? Oh, I want to live the ways that your desire tonight wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? [Music] Amen. We uh want to keep brother Amos in our prayers. Amen. that the Lord would just continue to bless him. Amen. And Sister Lisa, the Lord would just be with him. Amen. Maybe we could sing that song. Greater is he that is in me. Before we go, oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, now greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, Satan's like a roaring lion. He's roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may devour. Oh, the Bible tells us so. Now many souls have been his prey to fall in some we. But God has promised us today. His overcoming power. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Now on that day of Pentecost for a rushing mighty wind, oh blew into the upper room and baptize all of them. Now with a power greater than any earthly foe. Oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know that greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Yes, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, now greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Amen. Before we dismiss, we uh want to keep um uh David in our prayers. Um, if you guys could play softly, uh, brother, uh, Josiah's son, uh, he got sick right here, um, during the song service and was just throwing up. So, let's just keep him in our prayers. Um, as well as Sister Mindy, um, that the Lord would just be with him and touch David. Amen. As well as uh, we want to continue to remember brother Terry and Sister Alice in our prayers. Amen. and brother Bill that the Lord would just go and minister to them tonight. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Also, um my wife's birthday is tomorrow, so I'm sure she would appreciate all the text and phone calls. Amen. Wishing her a happy birthday. Amen. Well, if all hearts are clear, maybe we could just bow our heads for a moment. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege, Lord, to have come into your house, Father, Lord, to to hear your word, Father, in our ears, Lord,
