################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Brother Andrew Glover The Certainty Of The Church Of The Living God - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    Brother Andrew Glover "The Certainty Of The Church Of The Living God"
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:   Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unJFt0EaYnk
========================================

Description:
Faith Tabernacle "Proclaiming The Message of the Hour"
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our [Applause] God. Water you turned into wine. You open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you, Lord. None like [Music] you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome and power. Our God. Our God. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you, Lord. None like you. Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. You're awesome in power. Our God, can we just dance to our feet? Water you turned into wine. Oh, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Second verse. Oh, none like [Music] you. Oh, into the darkness you shine. Lord, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, man like you. Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. and he's awesome in power this morning. Amen. Can we just bow our hearts before him, dear heavenly father, Lord, it's just such an honor and a privilege to come to your house, Lord, again to to worship you, Father. Lord, we ask that you would just have your way this morning, Lord. I pray that you would just walk down these aisles, Lord, that you would touch every heart, Father. Lord, I pray, Lord, that those that need a deliverance, that you would deliver them. healing, Father. Lord, a renewing this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would touch each and everyone, Lord. Bless the man of God as he comes and brings forth your word. Give him strength, Lord, in his body, Lord. And help us to give you the glory, honor, and all the praise in Jesus' name. Amen. Can we sing that again? Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our God, Lar, you turned into wine. Oh, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Though into the darkness you shine and out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Can we sing that again? Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, our [Applause] [Music] God. Amen. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. him. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. Can we sing that again? Oh, yes. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Now I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over and there's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Do you believe that this morning? [Music] Yeah. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Now I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. And there's no one. There's no wine like him. Oh yes, there's no one. There's no one. Yes, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no Can we sing that again now? Oh, yes. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. I searched all over. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one. Can we sing that one more time? Yes. Now, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand? Oh yes. I walked I walked all over over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. And there's no one there's no one like him. Oh there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Amen. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. I walked all over. I searched all over and found out there was none like him. Amen. I see a cloud. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. In a time when it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky, the children of Israel began to reason why. Oh, they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky." Oh yes. Now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now they opened up the door a seventh time. And they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. They began to understand. The time for rain was at hand. Just like God said it would be. Oh yes. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. So today we have no fear for a cloud did appear. The prophets bring my bride. Go through that door. Oh, have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. The rain is just about to pour. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand, and I know it's going to rain. Now the bride is looking above for the chariot rain of love to fill their hearts with peace they have never known. And soon his bride shall be. God's unfolded mystery. The promised word has already been sold. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. I like this verse. So today we have no fear for a cloud did appear. The prophet scream, "My bride, just go through that door." Oh, have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. The rain is just about to pour. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain as they come for the offering. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Amen. Brother Josiah, how thankful we are to be in your presence. Once again, we ask you Lord just to bless the ti offer. Bless the give and receive both. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Sing it again. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, alltogether worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes, let me see. In beauty that make this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, all together wonderful to me. [Music] Now king of all days, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven [Music] above. Humbly you came to the earth. You created all for love's sake became cool. And here I am to worship. Here I am. Can you just worship him this morning and say that you're my God? You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together [Music] lovely, worthy, allto together wonderful to me. They would just play softly. I don't have any uh written prayer requests this morning, but we want to uh remember those that are traveling back from Ohio. uh brother Junior and his family and um Annam Branson and uh Faith and uh the siblings there that the Lord would just be with them on their way home. Amen. How many has an unspoken request but lift your hands? Amen. We want to remember those that have um that are still sick. Amen. And um thank the Lord for healing all those that were under the weather. Amen. The sickness has just been getting around. But um maybe we could ask brother Terry if he would come and lead us this morning in prayer. Uh we want to uh remember brother Andrew uh this morning that the Lord would just give him strength in his body. [Music] Amen. Amen. So good to be in church again this morning. I was thinking just a little while I come down coming down the road, you know that the bride was chosen. This church was chosen before the foundation of the world. And I thought to myself, what did I do? What did we do? What did we do? It was chosen millions of years ago, perhaps. What did we do to be one of those that was chosen? What What could we have done? Just think about that. We're thankful. And to send us a prophet and let us have a representation to hear and understand what's happened this generation. Oh God, how thankful. Lord, we come before you this morning with such exceeding thanksgiving in our heart. Lord, where we would have been, could have been had we not been under the umbrella of this wonderful end time message. We're so thankful, Lord, to to know what you've done in this day, to have an understanding, as the prophet said in future home, a clear understanding. We're thankful, Lord, for that new birth that you given, that token, Lord, the not only just the baptism, but the life of Christ, the token life that's been given in this day. And Lord, you came down not only just only in your spirit, but the person of Christ, the full word, Christ himself. Oh God, how thankful. Just so many things we could say. I pray God now as you would anoint brother Andrew to speak. Give him the words to speak. Lord, let it be spiritual food in due season, everpresent water from the rock. We pray for those Lord who are traveling back from Ohio, different ones. Each one keep them safe on the highways, Lord. And we just be careful to praise you. Bless all that's done and said this morning. May our lives be drawn closer. Lord, may our focus be on the word. As we see, as the prophet of God said, the major sin of the day is worldlyism. Lord, we don't want anything to do with that lays in life. But as the Jewish people are always separated, Lord, we want to be a separated people, Lord, unto you. Oh God, help us to be that. We love you. Thank you for our gathering this morning. We just pray that you'll meet with us when the word is brought forth. Lord, may it be uh come in power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. We love you so much. We thank you again in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] You're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. You can be seated. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, alltogether worthy, allto together wonder. Sister Lisa could come. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, alltogether wonderful to me. [Music] [Music] The vastness of the ocean, the mountains grand and tall, the beauty of each season, winter, spring, summer, and fall. All nature magnifies your name and testifies of you. Overwhelmed by your greatness, I will magnify you, too. You amaze me. You take my breath away. How could I express myself? Lord, what can I say? Most of all, I stand in awe knowing you included me in all your majesty. Lord, you leave [Music] me as I look into the big night sky. My mind can't comprehend all the stars and the planets, your unders without end. How could a God so marvelous even consider me? But you know my thoughts, hear my prayers, my every tear. You see, you amaze me. You take my breath away. How can I express myself? Lord, what can I say? Most of all, I stand in awe knowing you included me in all your majesty. Lord, you leave me [Music] home. Lord, you take my breath away. How could I express myself? Lord, what can I say? Most of all, I stand in all. Knowing you included me in all your majesty. Lord, you leave me a [Music] [Applause] I stand in all within the presence of the king. In whom the ages are whom the [Music] aesthetic, my only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. are from this time [Music] on forever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sign to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in awe with him the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lies. In whom the raging of the sea subsides, a living sacrifice, my only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. His dad comes. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever for more. Sing it again. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Amen. Well, aren't you glad your hope is in the Lord? Praise the Lord. I don't know. All [Music] right, we'll try maybe F. There are some things C almost go up the key. There are some things I may not know. There are some places that I don't go. But this one thing, I truly do know. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. And his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my [Music] soul. There are some things that I may not know. There are some places that I just don't go. But this one [Music] thing I truly do know. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. And his love for me is like your gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell you just how it felt when Jesus came and washed my sins away. But ever since that day and ever since that hour, my God has been real. For I can feel his saving power. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my [Music] soul. My God is real. For he has watched. He's made me whole. And his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel. Oh, sing it with me once again. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. He's made me whole. And his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him. God is real for I can feel he's in my [Music] soul. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Do you believe God is real this morning? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet and sing that song? Our God is tremendous. Amen. Do you believe him to be tremendous this morning? Amen. Oh, now when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, he hears me and he helps me for he is faithful and true. He won't forget his [Music] own. You see, he's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. It's Jesus the Lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never fadeth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in trouble, Jehovah n the great and for sure God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not in the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves the paradox to stay in your position. Watch miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save one sinner. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when you're in need, just call on the Lord. Oh, he will hear you and help you. For he is faithful and true. I'm a witness this morning. Oh, he'll be your companion. Oh, your best friend. The only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Reach Jesus the lion of Judah with all your heart. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a center. For he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. My God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory the greatest. One more time as our pastor comes. Oh our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save one sinner. He is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. [Music] God in place and he revealed in you and me and his glory gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Well, can you give him a hand clap of praise? Praise the name of the Lord. We're so glad. Amen. to serve a God that is tremendous, victorious. Amen. I was listening to brother Brandham um well early this morning and he was talking about how that the difference between Satan knowing the word and Jesus knowing the word. And he said Satan knew it by knowledge. He said, "But Jesus knew it by experience." He said, "That's the way Jesus knew the word." And I'm thinking, "Oh, that's so true. That's the way we know our God. We don't know God by knowledge. We know him by experience. And I'm so glad for that. And we love the Lord. And you can be seated for just a moment. Amen. We're just glad to have everyone in the house of the Lord and uh to serve the Lord. And it's a beautiful day today. So, we thank the Lord for that. And um um good to have brother Andrew and sister Mariah with us. Amen. and little Malachi. Praise the Lord. And u um we want to just uh keep brother Andrew in prayer. He's not feeling good. Have an ear ache. Uh pretty pretty bad ear infection, but uh we just believe the Lord will help him and uh deliver what's on his heart. Amen. And um um I wanted just to say we want to congratulate brother Mark. Uh he has retired. Amen. Last Wednesday. Amen. And u uh entered into retirement. uh 35 years was it 35 years of uh service to the UPS and and u and so he it's a a big big time uh change in his life and and we just pray that the Lord will just really bless him and and uh uh we really appreciate brother Mark and love him dearly and he has been a real blessing to us um throughout the years and uh just a real humble heart and uh I I just really appreciate brother Mark and so congratulations uh to him and and also want to say uh thank you to brother Terry for mowing yesterday at the field and uh getting ready for us to put up that tent today and uh that really means a lot to us and Um, brother Terry drove all the way. Now he lives, uh, he lives a good hour and 20 minutes, 15 minutes, something like that. And so, um, uh, they drive every Wednesday to church and Sunday to church and then driving yesterday to help us out there. And Mo, we just really appreciate that very much. And um uh but uh just always good to to to I'm glad to be around the body of Christ, to belong to the body of Christ. Amen. And um uh it's good to have uh uh brother Jerry and Sister Tony back with us. God bless you all. And uh just uh everyone that have uh been sick and we've been missing and uh just good to have uh each and everyone this morning. looking forward to a wonderful time in the Lord is around the word of God and uh we know that um the word of God is the most important thing and um it's not just hearing the word but it's getting our hearts to where God just helps us to believe the word to believe the word and then act upon that word and uh you know brother Brandham talking he said it's Satan's job is to get us to doubt our weapon. And our our weapon is the word of God. Ain't that right? And we do not have a leg to stand on if we if we doubt the word. If and and you say, "Well, I believe that word, but what about believing that word for us? For for you personally, for me personally, I think that's where the struggle is is when we see all of our ups and downs, our failures, our things that maybe we want to be, but yet we're not there. and it just the struggles and things. And then we hear the promises of God about being the bride and speaking the word and being invincible and and invincible army and all of these things. It's hard to put ourselves in that. Amen. To say, "Well, that's me." Amen. But you got to look past your struggles. You got to look past your incapabilities. You got to look past your weaknesses. And you just look past yourself cuz brother Brandham said you're your biggest enemy. We all are our biggest enemy. Ain't that right? And we fight every day. But if we can take a hold of that word and apply it to our lives, say that is me regardless, that's me. And start confessing that word. Amen. That's that's your weapon. Ain't that right? Amen. And so, uh, Brother Andrew is going to minister the word of God to us. But don't just receive it as in general. Oh yes, I believe that. But take it for yourself and say, "Now that's for me. I'm going to take that for me. I'm going to use that and I'm going to whip the devil in my life and I'm going to get stronger by the word of God." Can you say amen? And it's not just just mind trying to believe it, but may God give us the revelation to see ourselves in that word. Can you say amen? So let's just stand to our feet as we invite brother Andrew to come and we want him just to take his time deliver his heart to us and we just say oh God speak to us today uncover it so we can see for ourselves what uh is being ministered and the true value of the word of God for today. Amen. What song? Yeah, that was a good one. Let's sing it now. How great are you, Lord? Oh, how great are you, Lord. How great is your [Music] mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. [Music] How great are you, Lord? Your loving kindness is stealing my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great are you, Lord? How great is your mercy, isn't it great to us. Great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, [Laughter] Lord? How great is loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is your love? It reaches to the heavens. How great is the heart that sought and rescued me. How great are you [Music] Lord? Your loving kindness. Oh, is feeling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? Can we lift our hands and sing How Great are you, Lord? Glory, glory to God. How great is your mercy? How great is your [Music] mercy? How great. Oh yes kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? Amen. How many can testify this morning? Amen. That he's a great God. Amen. There's no God like our God. Amen. The world has they've made many gods. Amen. But they're all idols this morning. They're dead. Amen. Myths and imaginations, but we stand here today serving the one true living God. And Amen. What a what an honor it is to know him. And Amen. I never can I never can think about knowing him without thinking of Abraham when he met Melzdc there that day. And the Bible said that Abraham blessed Melzdc. But I love it because the Bible said Melzdc blessed him back. Amen. So it wasn't just that Abraham knew who God was, but God knew who Abraham was. Amen. What an honor it is to know our God knows our name this morning. And Amen. Maybe we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer this morning. How many have a special need upon your heart? something you would and desire from the Lord this morning. Amen. I know he's able to move this morning on the needs. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we've gathered here on this beautiful Sunday morning, this resurrection Sunday that you've given us, Father, Lord, to the world, it's just another day in the week. It's another Lord day to go about activities and do the things of the world, Lord. Father, as we were just driving to church this morning and Lord, just watching the people, Lord, as they were just going about as if there was nothing spiritual about this day, Lord, it just shows us the condition that the world we live in is in, Father. But Lord, we're so thankful for your word where you said we are in the world, but we're not of the world. Lord, we're so thankful that in this Leoysian age, this Leotian lukewarmness has gripped the hearts of humanity. But Lord, we thank you this morning that there is a fire burning in our hearts to serve you, Lord. A desire to live for you and to love you and your people, Lord, and to honor your word, to recognize what you've done in this age we're living in, oh God, this morning. We're so grateful, Lord. Truly, Father, we say how great is our God this morning. Lord, as we gather here around the carcass of your word, we know that we're the carcasses there. The eagles will be gathered together. And Lord, whenever eagles get together, there's always needs. But Lord, we're so thankful this morning to know you're still Jehovah Gyra. So Lord, come among us this morning in the power of your word. Lord, may sicknesses be healed. Oh God. May, Lord, believers that are battling things in their hearts and lives. May the word bring deliverance this morning. Father, I pray the anointing of the word would just break the yoke of the enemy here today. Father, if there be anyone here today that don't know you in the power of your resurrection, I pray, oh God, this would be the morning that they would meet you, Lord, in the power and the authority of your resurrection, that they would accept their salvation, oh God. Lord, if there be one here that's empty and don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. Pray, oh God, this morning, you would open the windows of heaven as it were on the day of Pentecost. And may you fill every vessel here, Lord. Father, forgive us of our failures. Forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord. Father, we don't just want to gather here and fulfill a religious duty today, oh God, but Lord, we want to be transformed by the renewing of our mind. Now, Father, we commit this meeting and this day into thy faithful hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray and all the believers says, "Amen and amen." God richly bless you today. Amen. It is a real honor to be with you. Amen. The musicians can be dismissed. It's a, as we said, it's a real honor to be here today and to be back with brother Shawn and the church here and Amen. this beautiful day the Lord's gi us. Amen. To Amen. put up that tin and Amen. I was thinking this morning, hard to believe this think this will be the fifth year. Amen. But to see the power of God moving in the vision of the Lord and Amen to see it to see it succeeding and the blessings of God upon it. We we're sure honored to see what the Lord is doing and Amen. Sure. Good to good to be here. And I heard brother uh seeing brother Shamai and sister Bethany pulling out there and I thought in my heart there's Abraham, Sarah, and Isaac. Amen. We we sure glad to see you all and that beautiful little baby boy the Lord's giving you. Amen. Amen. What a miracle stands here today. Amen. We say God bless you all and sure good to see you. And if you have your Bibles this morning, we want to go to the book of 1 Timothy the 3 chapter. Amen. We want to go to 1 Timothy 3 and then we're going to go to Daniel chapter 11. Amen. I heard brother brother Seawn mention in brother Mark's retirement and amen I was out in Oklahoma a few years ago right after brother Merl uh retired and he had a t-shirt on said under new management had all of his grandkids there. So amen I guess retirement you change management to the grandkids right. Amen. God bless you brother Mark. Congratulations on that. And amen. Just a just a joy in our heart today to be in the house of God. And Amen. The book of 1 Timothy chapter 3 and verse number 15. Paul here writing to Timothy he says but if I tar long that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God. Now, I love here because he don't just stop there and leave it at the building, but he moves from the from the structure and he says from the house of God, which is the church of the living God, which is the pillar and ground of the truth. Amen. So this morning, the two befores are not the pillars of truth. The carpet is not the ground of truth. So Paul is moving the church from the structure into the body. Now watch in verse 16. and without controversy. Great is the mystery of godliness. For God was manifested in the flesh. I could say it like this. God was manifested in the church. God was manifested in the flesh. He was justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. Now, in the book of Daniel, the 11th chapter, Daniel chapter 11, and man, I love the words Paul uses there, that God was manifested in the flesh. Of course, we know the world always failed to see the manifestation of God. But here in Daniel 11 and verse 32, a very, very familiar scripture. We can all read it by heart. The Bible says, "And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries, but the people." Somebody say, "The people." But the people, or could I say, "But the church." But the people that do know their God shall be weak and barely making it and barely holding on. No. My Bible says, "The people that know their God shall be strong and do exploits." So there is a strength in the church to do great exploits of faith. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to add the blessing to the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here today, if I would if I would take a title this morning, I want to talk to you on this. The certainty of the church of the living God. The certainty of the church of the living God. I recently spoke a thought on the thought of on the unlimited powerful church of the living God. And I just began a little bit of study. You ministers know how that goes when you start looking at something and something else opens up. And I just began studying a little bit on the fault there of the church of the living God. Of course, brother Brandham preaches two very powerful sermons concerning this subject. 1951, he'll call it the church of the living God. Then in 1960, he calls it five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. Now, at the message of the hour, if you ever get time and want to look at that term, Amen. The church of the living God. There's about 420 different times or quotes, amen, that brother Brandham actually mentions, amen, the church of the living God. 1960 when he preaches that five definite identification, he said, now the word church on each one of these subjects that I've chosen tonight, he said to try to speak to you on one of it is what is the church? Who set it up? What is its message? How do we become a member of it? And can we get to heaven without being a member of it? Now, amen. If you listen to that tape, you realize that every one of those questions deserves an entire service. Amen. In itself. But here, he's just breaking it down very quickly, showing us what is the church, who set it up, what is its message? How do we become a member of it? And can we get to heaven without being a member of it? He said, now each one of those texts could last for hours. See, amen. Combing back and forth. He said, "But I wish just to hit, amen, a few fundamental points to show, amen, what the real church is." So out of these questions, he's going to identify, amen, what the real church is. He said, "And now I want you to have your Bibles." Now, I know that may just be a passing quote to some, but to me, it is very powerful that the prophet is getting ready to identify, amen, what the church of the living God is. And he's not going to do it from a commentary or not going to do it from some system of denominational handbook. Amen. But rather he's going to take the Bible and he's going to scripturally identify, amen, who and what the real church is. Now he'll go to Revelation 12 and verse one. And the Bible said, "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven. And there was a woman, amen, that was clothed with a sun, and the moon was under her feet, and upon her head was a crown of 12 stars." Brother Bram picks that up in the mark of the beast. He said, "Now what does a woman represent?" He said, "The church, this is the bride here." Amen. This is the church, the real church again in the seal of God. The real church of the living God. Now, watch this. Will be condemned by Catholic and Protestant. Amen. Because they will unite together. Amen. They're already together as one. Amen. As mother and daughter. Amen. Now I want you to catch something that the real church of the living God. Amen. Is neither Catholic and neither is it Protestant. Amen. Because the Catholic has come from Rome. Amen. Protestant have become her daughters. Amen. But there will be a real church that will be called out. Amen. Of the middle of such religious confusion. He said see if our hearts condemn us then we want complete deliverance. Right? Amen. We don't want to be a halfway church. He said, "We want to be a real church." Amen. Or no church at all. Amen. We want to be real Christians or no Christians at all. Amen. I'll say this, and no offense, Amen. But they're not real Christians. Amen. Amen. They're they're mimics of Christianity, Amen. But God who is rich in mercy has allowed a prophet, amen, to come into this generation to take the word of God, amen, and to scripturally identify, amen, who the church is, what the church is, and what the message is that it believes. And he said it like this. He said, "There's only one true living church." How many agree? Amen. There's only one true, amen, living church. He goes to David and said David was in the worst of his time when he was a fugitive, but he had already been anointed. Amen. He knowed what he was to be. Amen. He was to be king. God said so. Yet he was hated and he was standing in between two great deep fires. Amen. Here was the Philistines on one side. Amen. Here was the Here was Saul on the other side. Amen. And he was a man without a nation. How many knows a prophet can see things? Amen. that a commentator can't pick up. Amen. He can see things that a theologian will never see. And here he sees a type of the church. Amen. In David's situation, he said, "And just as the church stands today." Amen. The true church of the living God. Amen. Without a denomination or anything else. Amen. She stands alone, but yet she's had the anointing poured on her. Amen. She knows what she is. Amen. Just as David stood, amen, between Philistines and Saul, amen, there's a real church that is standing on the face of the earth. And she's standing between the Catholicism spirit and the Protestant spirit. Amen. None of them is backing her up. Amen. But that's okay. The anointing has already been poured upon her. And I want to tell you this morning, folks, Amen. There might not be an organization behind us. There might not be a denomination supporting us. Amen. But what do we need a denomination for when we got the anointing? Amen. That destroys the yoke of the enemy. Listen, this bride is not backed up by man. Amen. She is anointed by God. And that's the reason Satan hates. Amen. The true church of the living God. He said that all that live godly in Christ Jesus will suffer persecution. He said the devil has always been after the church of the living God. Amen. You realize that the devil has always been after the church of the living God. Is that right? It's always had a black name. Amen. Jesus was born in this world with a black name. Amen. As an illegitimate child. Did you know that he was supposed to be born a child out of holy wedlock? Amen. Jesus had that hanging on him. Now watch something, folks. He had that reputation hanging on him. But in his heart, he knew he was the son of the living God. Amen. Can I show you something? Amen. Greater is your revelation, Amen. than your reputation. Amen. Your reputation don't really define you. Amen. But what's in your heart, Amen, defines you. Listen. And what they thought about him did not define who he was. But the revelation that was in his heart that he was the son of God. He had come into the world to manifest God. Amen. That was the identifying revelation. Listen, I'll say that about you. Amen. We got a bad reputation among the world. Amen. We're considered a bunch of rebels and a bunch of headless people that don't have no denomination we answer to. Oh, but if they only knew, Amen. that our reputation don't deter us. Amen. Our reputation don't discourage us. Because in the heart of every member of the church of the living God, Amen. lays the revelation that if God be for me, then who can be against me? Hey, if the devil is one one side and 10,000 on the other, it'll not come nigh thee because there is a revelation in my soul. Listen, we know who we are. Hey, that's why he said you know where you stand tonight and there's only one more person knows it and that's God. Amen. He knows where you stand. So if your heart is right with God, then really live for him and be true to him. Amen. Love him so much that everything else becomes secondarily. And then you'll love the Lord with all your heart, with all your strength, with all your soul, with all your might. Now watch. And God will lead you. Then the footsteps of a righteous man, Amen, is ordered by the Lord. I love that. Jesus knew he was the son of God. I'll say this. This bride knows that she is the anointed, amen, true church of the living God. In Matthew 16, Jesus said, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, amen, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." I want you to catch something. And I say also unto thee, amen, that thou art Peter. And upon this rock, amen, I will build my church. Amen. He's not building Mary's church. He's not building Pope John's church. He's not building the Protestant denomination. He said, upon this rock, amen, I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. When you look there at that word build, it means to build up from the foundation. Listen, it means to restore by building. Amen. When you look at that word church, it is the whole body of Christians that are scattered, amen, throughout the earth. Listen, the prophet of God said the seventh church messenger, amen, was to restore the faith of the children, amen, back to the fathers. In other words, he will rebuild the church again, amen, under the power of the spirit. He will not do it by power, not by might, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. Amen. Not by organization. Amen. Not by denomination, but by the Holy Spirit. God will bring forth the church in the last days. He will bypass the Roman church. He will bypass her daughters and he will send an uneducated prophet into the earth with the word of God. and he will tear everything down to the foundation and say, "I will restore this church. But I'm not going to build it under education. I'm not going to build it under man's ideas. I'm going to build this church under the spirit of God, which were the sons of God. We'll be led by the spirit of God." Listen, church, a prophet took two sermons and preached why I'm why we're not a denomination. Amen. And why I'm against organized religion. Y'all ever heard them powerful tapes. Amen. There's about two and a half hours of preaching on both sermons. Amen. Can I sum up four hours of preaching for you in one in one statement? Amen. It's not the people, it's the system. Come on. It's not the people, it's the system. Amen. I tell you, if you get time, go listen to those. Amen. Cuz a prophet is not asking a question. Amen. He's making a declaration. Amen. He's saying the church is not a denomination. He said God never was in a denomination. Amen. And he's not an organization. He said the church is persons who have come in contact by the Holy Spirit with this person. Amen. Jesus Christ which is God revealed. Now listen I say this and you identify. Amen. That that is the one of Matthew 16. Amen. What is it? It's spiritual revelation. Amen. That the message sent to you is the person of Jesus Christ. Amen. To rebuild you into the stature of a perfect man. That's why the prophet said the word church means the called out. He said Israel was not the church of God. As long as they were in Egypt, they were the people of God. But when God called them out of Egypt, hallelujah, they become the church of God because they were the called out ones. He said, "See, you've been called out. You've been separated and made different. You've been called out. You've been separated and made different." Now in the Old Testament, the known church was called the kingdom of God. In other words, God is a king and the church is his domain. The church is not Mary's domain, folks. Amen. The church is not a bishop's domain. Amen. The church is God's domain, which is God's kingdom. In the Old Testament, it was God's kingdom. In the New Testament, it's called the Messiah Empire. He said, see, in other words, the Messiah's empire where the Messiah rules and reigns. no denominational barriers or nothing. Amen. The Messiah rules in his empire. It wasn't that. He said, "Therefore, the church is not an organization." He said, "The church is not a gathering of people." He said, "The church is the people of God that's been called out of the world." Amen. To serve in another kingdom. Brother Amos, the church is not a building. The church is not an organization. It's not a gathering of people. But the church is the people of God that have been called out of the world. Amen. To serve in another kingdom. Listen, you can gather 500 folks and have a meaningless gathering. Amen. You can gather a thousand and have a meaningless gathering. And don't get mad at me, but there's thousands up on top of thousands of meaningless gatherings around the world today. But here in Faith Tabernacle is some Holy Ghost filled sons and daughters of God that have been called out of this confusion. This is not just a service. This is not just a gathering. This is the revelation of Jesus Christ taken preeminence in the flesh of his people by the authority of the message of the hour. Listen, he's not our he's not our Aaron boy. He's our king. He's not our He's not our pinch in the our help in the time of a pinch. Amen. He's our life. Amen. He's our head chef. Listen, we don't do anything without him. We don't go anywhere without him. We don't pursue anything without him because we are his people. He is our king. Where the Messiah rules in every life in his dominion. Amen. Ruling the lives of his people. Amen. A called out people from every walk of life, gathering them together in a group. He said then calls it, Amen. his church or his called out ones. Amen. I love this. The church of God today is the same thing. It's called out of everything of the world. It's called out of every religious cult. It's called out of every religious denomination. It's called out of every religious organization. Amen. To walk with God. Not being governed by a bishop. Now, can I preach? Not being governed by a bishop, but being governed by Christ in the Messiah kingdom that we live in. Christ is the king. Amen. Christ is the one. Now watch a prophet bring it on down in paragraph 34. He says, "But the real church is the mystical body of Jesus Christ." Now you cannot organize, amen, the mystical body of Christ. Amen. So we've just identified, amen, what the real church is. It's not an organization. It's not a denomination. It's not a bunch of people gathered together in a building. Amen. It's not a bunch of people gathered under a headship of some denomination. Amen. But it's the mystical body of Jesus Christ. Now I'll say this. If we know what the real church is, then we have been given a scriptural description of what that church was to look like. 1951 expectation. He said Jesus described to us. Amen. Just what the church of the living God will look like. Amen. How many believes the prophet's interpretation? Now watch him. He says that and then he turns and he said in my name they'll cast out devils. They'll speak with new tongues. They'll take up serpents. They'll drink anything deadly. It will not hurt them. They'll lay their hands on the sick, brother Sean. And they shall recover. And he said, "The things that I do, Amen, shall you do also." Amen. So when you read Mark 16 and you read John 14:12, you are reading a definite description of what God said. Amen. His church was going to look like. It was not going to look all fancy. It was not going to look all pretty. Amen. Amen. But it was going to look like God being manifested in the action of his word. What is the action of his word? Building hospitals? No. Building schools? No. Amen. Preaching the gospel. Laying hands on the sick. Casting out devils. believe it in the supernatural. Yes, sir. Amen. That is a definite description of what the church of the living God is going to look like. In Ephesians 1:22, Paul goes on to say this, "And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church." Look at verse 20 23. Which is his body, brother Terry. which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all. In Colossians 1:17, Paul again, he is before all things, and by him all things consist. Now listen, verse 18, and he is the head of the body, which is the church, who is the beginning, amen, the firstborn from the dead, that in some things he might have the preeminence. Amen. In a few things he might have the preeminence, but in all things he might have the preeminence. Brother Bon said, "Who is the head of the church?" Jesus Christ. Amen. A church, a mystic body to which Christ is the head. Oh, I love that. Walking in the spirit and obeying the king, foolish to the world, precious in the sight of God, misunderstood, laughed at, made fun of. Amen. That's the church of the living God. Amen. The church of the living God is the body of Jesus Christ who has been called out of Leosa under the headship of the message and we're walking in the spirit obeying the king being made fun of by the world being ridiculed by society being pressured by religion but it don't change the fact that we have heard the eagle scream and we know where we come from we know where we're standing we know what we're preaching and praise God we know where we're going. We're not following a man, folks. We're following Jesus Christ who is the head of this church. Yes, sir. Paul goes on in Ephesians 4 and he says verse four, he said there is one body. Somebody shout one body. There is one body and there is one spirit even as ye are called in one hope of your calling. So there's one body, one spirit and one hope of your calling. He said there is one, now watch this. There is one universal mystical body. Can I say this? No local assembly is the whole body. Oh my. Can I preach? Amen. No pastor of one local assembly is the head of the whole body. But every assembly, amen, is a part of a universal mystical body. In other words, there is one body, amen, but it has many members within it. I love what the prophet said. He said God chose Paul and man chose Mias. He said they cast lots but he never did nothing. They chose what a power the church has then. Amen. To make a choice. Amen. To elect their deacons and send their preachers to different places. He said that's carnal. Many times he said let a man go where God leads him to go. He said I like that if the people have a conference just say well here's a nice church. Amen. Here's this. He put you in as a deacon. No. He said that only weakens the church. He said, now I want to say this very plainly if that's okay. He said, I believe in the supreme authority of the local assembly. Amen. I believe in the supreme authority of the local assembly. Now, I know this may get touchy, but let me just preach. Amen. Because it seems like that's becoming a thing of the past. Amen. All of a sudden, every church got to act like every other church, and we got to do everything somebody else is doing. If this church No, listen. This message is not a denomination. And we're not following some YouTube preacher. We're not following a bishop. We're not following a pope. Listen, if I'm not following the pope in Rome, I'm not following any pope around this message. If I'm not following what some man thinks I ought to do out of Jeffersonville or anywhere else, I'm not doing it. I have been called out of that confusion to be a walking, living, breathing member of the Church of the Living God. And I'll say this till my dying breath. Every local assembly is a sovereign assembly. And there's no headship outside of a local pastor over that church. Yes. He said, "Let each church be its own." Amen. Choose its pastors. Choose its deacons. Whatever it is. And then the way Amen. The man in there has no bishop over him. I love this. Amen. Brother Sean is a pastor. The Holy Spirit want to speak something that church. You don't have to ask anybody whether you can do it or not. Amen. It's the individual in contact. Amen. With the Holy Spirit. I say thank God for the message of the hour. I say thank God for the revelation being restored to the church that the church is a local sovereign assembly. He said, "Show me by the Bible what's greater than any local elder in the church." Yes, sir. The sovereignty of the local church. Each church in itself. Now, brotherhood, that's wonderful. All churches ought to be in brotherhood. But it's the sovereignty of the local church. Now, y'all know where I'm talking about. Amen. You know where I'm at. I'm right here in Leosa where religion has become society. It's become who's got this, who's got that, what programs can we offer? Amen. Who can do this, who can do that. And I say, God forbid that they ever come around our message. Amen. That our young people are drawn to some gymnasium or they're drawn to some some program or some system. I say if we ever get to that spot, let's dust the dust off the altar and pray the power of God back in the church. Our young people shouldn't be joining because of some program or some gymnasium or some some something we got to offer. They ought to be joining because in their soul is a gene seed of God that was placed there from before the foundation of the world. And that gene is looking for somewhere it can express itself as a manifested attribute of God in the age it's living in. Listen, this message is not a denomination and it's not an organization and no devil has any right to try to turn it into that. Well, you might as well shout amen out ouch. Oh, me my or something cuz I'm going on anyhow with Jesus just the same. I refuse to lose amen the sacredness of what this message come to produce. Refuse to lose it. He said the real church living God has no forms. It has no creeds. It's led by the power of God. Listen, that's in every individual's heart. He said, "Now, we're not trying to ask you, Amen, to join church or join some society. You must find yourself, Amen, a good church, a church of your choice." Listen, and there be a royal member of the family of Christ until death sets you free. He said, "See, Amen. Not trying," He said, "the world today, they're not trying to find the most spiritual church." Come on. He said they're looking, amen, for the biggest crowd, best dressed clothes, the biggest celebrities. He said that's called a better class. He said, in that church, then they'll try to find a minister, amen, that they called not too narrow-minded, that'll just about let them live any way they wish to and belong to that church. He said, but the spiritual man on the inside, if you'll give him the right away, he'll lead you to a little mission somewhere. Amen. Where the spirit of the living God is. Because the inside man feeds on the word. I say thank God for every lighthouse around this message. Amen. That's preaching this message. They're not promoting personalities. They're not promoting churches. They're not promoting directions. They're just standing on the side of the road somewhere holding up the message of the hour and saying, "My God is a savior. My God is a healer. My God is a deliverer. Yes, it may be ridiculed. Yes, it may be made fun of, but at least the anointing is upon it. Hallelujah. Amen. Is this okay? Amen. The prophet of God said it very beautiful. He said Jesus didn't come, Amen. contrary to the word, did he? But he come contrary to the organizational interpretation of the word. Amen. Now watch. Amen. He did not come contrary to the word. He come contrary, Amen, to the organizational interpretation of the word. That's why the church is not an organization. That's why it's not a denomination. He said, "Listen, you might think this little church is despised." Amen. This Holy Ghost gospel is ridiculed. He said, "Now listen, it might be despised, but it's reliable. It might be despised, but it's reliable." Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. When you know something's reliable, you don't care how much ridicule you got to bear. Amen. At least you know it's going to fire up when you need it. I got to thinking the other day. Amen. My grandfather, he was a big a big Ford guy, you know. God bless him. Amen. I'm a Chevy. He was a big Ford guy, you know. Amen. Brother Will had to have that old Ford. Amen. And I don't mean it's bad, but Amen. We went to school in them 56 rust buckets. Come on. And pull us up there and drop us off in that that 56 rust bucket or that 66 rust bucket. And I remember one day we went in the supply store and there was this guy just come in and he had just bought this brand new Ford F-150 ched out logos on it, business, I mean everything, you know. And he comes in there and he's just bragging up this truck and how powerful of a truck it is and how it's got all these features. Of course, this was early 2000s, so probably a CD player and heated seats was a big deal back then. He's bragging this truck up and how great it is, you know, and he gets in it and he's making fun of our my grandfather's little old 66 red truck there. And so we go out there and he climbs up in this big truck, bragged it all up, puts the key in the ignition, turns it over, and it won't start. Never will forget it, Brother Tim. I'm sitting in the passenger seat, probably on a bucket cuz the floor is about to fall out this. I'm sitting in the passenger seat and and my grandfather says, "I mean, let me roll the window down." So I roll the window down. I never forget it. And he hollers out the window. He says, "Hey, but it's reliable." Yeah. Yeah. Make fun of it all you want to, but it's reliable. It may not have all the bells and whistles, but it's reliable. At least it'll start and get you out of the parking lot. And sometimes, folks, I think we let the pressure of Leona, Amen, try to modernize our worship and modernize our praise. I think it's time to get back in the message of the hour. No matter how little, no matter how insignificant, no matter how despised it may look, Amen. Get back in them books and tapes and look that devil square in the face and say, "But at least it's reliable. At least it'll heal my babies when they're sick. At least it'll save my marriage when it's on the rocks. At least it'll revive my joy and restore unto me the peace that passes all understanding. It may be despised, but at least it'll start. At least it's reliable. At least it's going to take me out of time back into eternity where I come from. Yes, sir. Amen. It may be despised. It may be made fun of because it's not a part of the Philistines or a part of Saul, but at least it's reliable. At least it'll kill the bear. He said, "See what it is? It's that old reliable institution that was founded on the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost came down." Somebody say, "The Holy Ghost. It's the most reliable firm I know to invest your soul and your future in eternity is in an old-fashioned Pentecostal experience. It's been time-tested, but it's proved to be the truth. 2,000 years and it hasn't changed a bit. See what it is? It's the spiritual revelation. Amen. Producing a spiritual church. Amen. The church of the living God. Amen. Is a spiritual church. He said the spiritual church still has the pillar of fire. It still has the signs and the wonders. It still has the same Christ which vindicates it all the way from the dying lamb in the garden of Eden until the second coming of the lamb. Absolutely. And it's the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Listen, brother Bam preaches another sermon and he calls it the uncertain sound. How many's heard that? He preaches it about seven times. And he reads 1 Corinthians 14:8 and says, "If the trumpet give an uncertain sound, then who shall prepare himself to the battle?" If the trumpet give an uncertain sound, then who shall prepare himself to the battle? He said, "Now, you've got to have the certainty of anything." We got to know, amen, whether it's right or not. So if you're going to have something, you got to have the certainty of what you have. You got to know if it's right or not. He said you then you say, "Brother Brandon, you're sure taking us out on a limb. Is there anything that is certain?" He said, "Nations is uncertain. Who knows that jobs is uncertain. Politics is uncertain. Church is uncertain. Home life is uncertain. What is certain? Is there anything that's certain?" He says, "Yes. There's one thing I'll guarantee you is certain, and that's the word of God. Listen, folks, if there's anything that you ought to be able to bank your life on is the word of God. Your job could be gone tomorrow. Amen. Homes could be gone tomorrow. Amen. Politics could fall apart. Nations have already fallen apart. But praise be unto God, we have received, hey, the word of God. And we finally have something that no matter how low we go, no matter how dark it gets, no matter how many trials we face, there is one thing we can raise our hand and say will never change. And that is the word of God. It'll be there on Monday. It'll be there on Tuesday. I feel like David when he said, "I may be forsaken, but oh God, you have never left me." Hey, what is the certainty? It's the word. Come on. It's the word. Look at this word certainty. It's the firm conviction that something is the case. It's the quality of being reliably true. It is a fact that is definitely true and it's an event that is definitely going to take place. Glory to God. I don't think it's a strange thing, brother Tim, that he preached the uncertain sound. I don't think it's a strange thing that he preached the five definite identifications of the church of the living God. Let me say this as plain as I know how. Amen. The certainty of the church is the message that it preaches and teaches. The certainty of this church, hey, is the message that it preaches and teaches. Can I say something to you? The certainty of any message church ought to be the message of the hour. It ought to be the firm conviction in the soul of every believer. It ought to be the firm reliable truth. Hey, that no matter what happens, Amen. we're going to hear the word of God. Amen. Can I just say this? When's the last time you thank God, Amen, for a local assembly that is under supreme authority of the message of the hour? When is the last time you got in your car and drove over to the church house and the whole way there you just raised your hand and said, "Thank God. I know this one thing. When I walk in the doors of Faith Tabernacle, I hear Brother Sean preach. It's going to be the message of the hour. When I hear the men of God behind that pull pit, it's going to be the message of the hour. Listen, I think it's time to get some joy, amen, back in our step. I think it's time to get some praise and thanksgiving back in our hearts. Listen, we may have a lot of problems and we may have a lot of situations, but when the dust settles and the smoke clears, the message of the hour will still be being raised as the end sign to this generation. Hallelujah. Somebody shout, "Thank God for the word." Thank God for the message of the hour. Thank God. Come on, parents. You ought to be thanking God that you can bring your babies to a church where they're going to hear the message of the hour. Listen, hey, I know it's got to where people say, "We got to have this program and have this event." I say, "Thank God we got some young people that's not looking forward to popcorn night and movie night out in the house of God. They're looking forward to Holy Ghost filled meetings." I say thank God we got some young people that ain't looking for recreation. They're just looking to get in the presence of God and get lost in the spirit and get consumed by the anointing till their problems fade away and their situations begin to change. Yes, sir. I'm talking about the message and I'll die on this mountain if I have to. The message of the hour ought to be the most thing your church is known for. ain't popular, brother Sean, but it's the truth. Well, glory to God. I feel good in the house of God on Sunday morning. Wherever we go, we're known for the message. Yes, sir. Now, probably God said, see, he said the message is true, right? Listen, and there's going to be an event. So when there's a certainty, that is a fact that something is true and there's a definite event going to take place as a direct result of what's been deemed certain. Are you with me? Brother said this. He said, "For we're looking forward to the greatest event that has ever happened in all human history or ever will." Amen. The second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, the son of God, to catch a church to himself and to take her to himself. What a glorious time that will be. There has been many great events has happened in the world. There's been many great things, but nothing like that. Listen, he said in end time evangelism, the end time message is to get the bride ready. And prepared for the rapture. Listen folks, don't get mad at me, but ball games ain't going to do it. Volleyball tournaments ain't going to do it. Recreational rooms ain't going to do it. only. And they say, "Well, you ought to be careful." No, that devil's trying to creep right around our own message. There's only one thing that's going to equip this young generation to withstand Goliath, and that is the preaching of the anointed word that has been revealed in the hour they're living in. And what can do it, brother Terry? Nothing but Malachi 4. He said, "I will restore, saith the Lord." That's the real event. Amen. That's the end time evangelism. The end time evangelism is the preaching of the message of the hour which is not coming from Rome and it's not coming from Cleveland or coming from some denomination. It's coming from the word. Hallelujah. He said see the first message of the church then it ought to be repentance. He said see Luke 24 he said the second message ought to be that Jesus is the king and he is alive forever more. Matthew 28. He said that's the message of his church. He said doing the works that he did. He said then the church ought to teach John 14:12. Amen. That greater works than this shall you do. For I go unto my father. He said that's the message of the church. If the church isn't teaching that than is teaching some false theology. Now I know folks, I know we got guys that sang through commentaries and sang through YouTube and sang through history books. Hey, but I say thank God we still got a few men. Amen. Will dedicate themselves and sing to the confines of this message. Amen. Because anything outside of this message is some false theology. He said that's what Jesus commanded him to preach. And he said, "Look, that's definite." Amen. I love that word definite. It means clearly defined. It means exact or certain. It is implying that something is fixed. It is settled. And it is known without a doubt. I want to say this morning, the message of the hour is fixed in my heart. It is settled in my spirit and my body knows without a doubt that one of these days, this message is going to lead me to a change. Listen, folks, there's a great event coming. It's called the rapture. But you got to stay in the church of the living God. Hallelujah. Mark 16 ought to be preached. He said, "Let that be his last message." Amen. Follow out the commission. Now listen. Mark 16:14. Afterward, he appeared to the 11 after his resurrection, and they sat at meat and it breathed them with their unbelief and the hardness of heart. Now, I want you to watch something here. Because they believe not. Now, notice this, brother Terry. It doesn't say because they believe not on him. Does it say that because they believed not on him which had seen him after he was risen? No, because they believed not on them. Oh, God. Because they believe not on them which had seen him after he was risen. So there is some them. There is he and there's a resurrection. Come on folks. Brother Brandham said all the coldest winter has killed out. The nearing of the presence of the son of God will resurrect in the last days. I don't mind telling you, brother Judah. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Mark 16:14 believers who has seen him. I have seen his appearing. I have heard the eagle scream and I have believed on him. He is not in a grave in Jerusalem. He is not in a tube in Jeffersonville. He is alive and well. And he's right here this morning in the church of the living God giving witness that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother Kevin, where's he doing it? In our flesh. Somebody had seen him. Somebody shout, "I seen him." I seen him. Anybody seen him? Has anybody seen him? I seen him. I seen him this morning. I seen him in the trees. I seen him in the birds. I seen him in the mountains. I seen him in the church. I seen him in his word. I seen him in the message. Hallelujah. I have seen him. If that isn't the same thing today, Amen. seen him do that. How many seen him do it? Sure, we know he does it. They didn't believe it then. They don't believe it now. They believe he died in that settled. And we got some kind of historical thing that some fellow raised up a few years ago and established a church. Now listen, and wrote a catechism and that's what we hold on to. Can I say what he said? That's pagan. That's pagan. Yes, sir. He said, "No truth to it. God don't control his church like that. He said, "Now go you into all the world and preach the gospel. Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." You say, "Well, brother Andrew, I'm not a preacher. I don't hold a microphone." Do you realize the prophet of God said you live a sermon rather than preach a sermon? Brother said like this. He said, "The gospel is the power of God to make the word act what it says it'll do." He said, "Preach the gospel to all the world. Preach it to the black, the white, or the yellow or red." No, to every creature. Amen. Every creature. You believe that means it. He said, "I seen God baffle a bull one day." He said, "I seen him cause hornets." Amen. Not to sting. I seen him raise up a possum that been laying dead. Amen. All night. Are you hearing me? Amen. A prophet preached the gospel to a bull. He preached it to hornets. He preached it to a possum. He said, "Because the gospel will take effect upon anything that you ask." Oh, that is why I'm on the field. That is why I'm traveling preaching. It's not because of Andrew Glover or any other preacher around this message. It's because in my soul is a certainty that if I'll preach this message and ask God to back it up, it'll take an effect on a teenager. It'll take an effect on an adult. It'll take effect on an elder. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's let the restraints off and have church this morning. This is a full gospel bride. We believe in the authority of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It still heals the sick. It still cast out devils. It still raises the dead. It still speaks in tongues. It still sees visions. Angels still visit the church because this is not a denomination. It's the church. It's the church of the living God. the gospel was preached. Let me say this. Why do you preach his message with such authority? Because I know if I preach it, it'll curse anything. I ask God to curse it. Come on. Bam said, "Jesus walked by there that day and he cursed that tree and said, from this day forth, henceforth no man eat fruit from you." He said, "And the gospel killed the tree." Glory to God. Brother Sean, the same gospel that killed the tree is the same gospel that raised Lazarus. Y'all thought about that? The same gospel, Sister Jane, that killed that tree is the same gospel that raised up that mama possum. That's right. The same gospel, hey, that destroyed, Amen. nations and destroyed kingdoms has raised up a bride. And listen, we're here to give witness to it. These signs shall follow them that believe. Who's going to preach it? Who's going to preach it? Come on. Amen. I think every believer, honestly, I'm going to. That's right. No, you ain't going to take a microphone, sis. But you're going to live a sermon. And your life is going to preach that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's a God of repentance. He's a God of forgiveness. He's a God of divine healing. He's a God of water baptism. Come on, folks. I think it's time, amen, to clean out the rose and go back to the old landmarks of what this message is. It is the preaching of the authoritative word in the hour that we're living in. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It preaches divine healing. It believes in water baptism. Yes, sir. Because all the power of God ever puts forth another church, it'll be another Pentecost. Another book of Acts will be wrote behind it. Amen. Because it's the church of God. How many knows Jesus said, "I am the vine. Ye are the branches. You cannot bear fruit in yourself." Brother Sean, I love a prophet's interpretation. He says, "But I throw my own self into the branch." Woo! Glory, Sister Alice. God has thrown himself into you. He has thrown himself into you, sis. Amen. Come on, young people. God hath thrown himself into you. Why has he thrown himself into you? Because a little while and the world seeth me no more, but you shall see me. For I will be with you, even in you every branch to the end of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If Christ, Amen, would let not let a bunch of men who walked with him for three and a half years go preach any gospel or could not preach any gospel until they waited for the Holy Ghost. He said the church today has to do the same thing. The power of the church. Come on, folks. How many can agree what we teach and preach is under the authority of the word of God. Brother Sean, we've been down them battles before. Well, brother taught things that ain't scripture. Yeah, he did. He's got a scripture for everything he taught. It's real simple. Malachi 45 and 6. Well, amen. The power of the church comes from the authority that it's under. Said, "We don't have any power, but we have authority." Yes, sir. It don't take power. Someone said, "You got any power?" I said, "No, but I got authority." He said, "Like little policeman down here." Amen. His hat is too big for him. It sets down over his ears. He hasn't got power to stop nothing. Come on. But let him walk out here and a car coming down the street with a 300 horsepower engine and let him raise up his hand. Let him raise up a hand and watch the brake slide. Why? He hasn't got no power but he's got authority. And when a man or woman is anointed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, when a man or woman is anointed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he might not be able to read his name in box cariz with education, but he has got authority from God. He is a son of God. So let him take his authority and stand up and say, "Stop." And Satan's wheels will slide and his brakes will too. Woo! Glory. Do you see who you are? You are the church of the living God who a prophet fundamentally established you under the scripture of the hour that you're living in. You got a right today to stand up and look that devil's prayer in the face and say stop. You got a right, brother Amos, to tell that devil, stop. That devil racking pain in your body, you got a right to say stop. That devil got you all nervous and tore up. You got a right to say stop. That devil got your family all messed up. You got a right to stand up on the authority of the definite identification of the church of the living God and say, "Devil, you've gone as far as you're going to go. You rode as hard towards me as you're going to ride. Stop. Come on. Stop." You said, "Brother, that ain't going to do nothing. It's doing something right now. Stop. Devil, stop, devil." Devil says, "I'm gonna take your kids." Say, "Devil, stop." Devil say I'm gonna take your health. Devil, stop and restore it back. Brother Daniel, I'm not a crazy man. I'm a David. I'm a king. I'm a son of God. I'm between Saul. I'm between Philistines. But in my soul is the anointed word as the church of the living God. The Baptist ain't behind me. The Pentecostals don't like me. That's the message probably trying to shut me up. But I have an authority by the anointing of the word of God to tell that devil, Satan, you've gone as far as you're going to go. God is not just was. Come on. God was not just manifest in the flesh. God is manifested in the flesh in the church of the living God. Hallelujah. something will take place because you've been given authority by the Holy Ghost. It's written over in John 1, I think about the 15th chapter. If you abide in me and my word in you, here it is. The word abides in you. Oh, glory. That makes me want to shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. The word abides in you. then ask what you will and it'll be done because it's not you. Well, I'd say something, but I just want to be humble, you know, and I I I'd stop this devil, but I just want to be a humble little old Christian. And y'all heard me say it before. My high school teacher said the Bible said be meek didn't say nothing about being weak. Come on. You can be a meek, weak Christian or you can be a meek, authoritative Christian. That's right, brother. Come on, folks. Are you hearing me? Amen. Do you think the president walks around? I better not use him as a bad. Amen. Amen. Do Do you Come on. I got to move on. I got in trouble right there. Ain't a ain't a humble bone in that man's body. But you can be humble and still have authority. Come on, church. William Brandom stood on platforms. Amen. A five, six foot, five, five or six foot little frail man. Amen. Body depleted of strength, but he stood there and them demons come up before him. Then demons were wrecking lives. But he stood there as a member of the church of the living God. And he said, "Satan, I take every spirit in this building under my control for the glory of God. Satan, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus Christ. take your hands off of God's property. And people that was on the way to the graveyard met the pillar of fire and they went from the graveyard to a hallelujah meeting because they met the power of God in the church. Come on. Y'all heard y'all heard what's his name? Uh TL Osborne. Y'all heard his testimony. He said, "I sit there and watch that frail frame of a man stand up before them sick people. Watch the demon manifestation." Y'all know he said that, right? He said, "I watched a demon manifestation." He said, "I was a good Pentecostal." He said, "I was in the balcony." And he said, "I was watching him." And he said, "They brought this demonic manifestation in front of Brother Brandham." He said, "Brother Brandon, just stood there for a second." And he said, "Now, me a good Pentecostal." He said, "I was raring to go." You know, he said, "I had to get the music going. Had to get everything fired up." He said, "I knew the right words to scream." He said, "We had to get it real loud for that devil to go." He said, "But before," Oh, God. He said, "But before I could look," he said, "I opened my eyes and the person was completely gone." He said, "The demon was completely gone. They were completely changed." He said, "And all that done it," he said, was brother, stood there and he said, "Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, by the authority of Almighty God, I adure thee in the name of Jesus, take your hands off of God's property." And he said that demon fell off and he said the person went free. Come on, folks. We made it too complicated. Now, listen, I believe in praying, don't you? And I just be honest with you. Amen. I like somebody to pray for me that's got some feeling in it. Well, somebody shout hallelujah. Hey, brother Sean. You like somebody pray for you got a little feeling in it? A I tell you what. Amen. I know guys go around knocking people for praying loud and Amen. It don't take all that loud prayer. And hey, I understand God moves on quiet prayers and he moves on loud prayers. Hey, but I tell you something like this. Amen. I grew up in the Jewel Fory days. I grew up in those days, amen, where you got spit on, sweated on, and the devil got stomped on. But when it was all said and done, hey, the devil left because the son of God knew his position as a child of God. Come on, folks. I think it's time, amen, to quit putting everybody in a box and say you got to pray this way or preach this way. I say, let everybody be who God called him to be. If you want to shout that devil down, shout him down. You want to praise that devil down, praise him down. You want to wave that devil down. Or you want to sit there and say, "Devil, go." But just know who you are as a church of the living God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I probably shouldn't tell this, but I'm going to tell it. Brother Tim, I was a little boy about 9 years old. We was having a meeting there and Juel, Brother Juwel come down and this I never will forget it. Brother Terry, you probably sitting there beside me. Brother A was shouting on one side of us or something sitting right there. And brother Juel come up and this lady come up and I never will forget it. She poured her heart out. She like, she gave every detail on top of details on top of details. That's probably about five minutes. I want Brother Juwel. He just stood there and he stood there and all of a sudden he just raised his head. He said, "Spirit go in the name of Jesus." Turned around, walked off. That woman's free today, folks. Hallelujah. I know her. What are you saying? I'm saying sometimes we stay in the past too long. Sometimes we keep trying to relive it and rechange it. Listen, there's got to come a time we let it go and recognize that our our position is not determined by our reputation. Sister Lisa, our position is determined by the revelation in our soul. If you've been in wisdom versus faith, you've been hearing it all week. Are you hearing me? You got to know who you are. 150 votes coming one way and 150 coming another way. And the devil's got to flee because when the church recognizes who she is, hallelujah, then the rapture will go. It's not you. It's the word that's in you. And the word is God. See, God is in you. God is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Now, I know what that devil says. That devil says, "Well, praise God. Everybody's everybody's just sitting around waiting on Brother Brandon to come back cuz there ain't no corporal body here." Well, read the rest of what he said. He said, "But now in the return of the Holy Spirit, he is bringing the word in us and it's abiding in there." Then it's not you that speaks, it's the word itself coming out. Amen. So it the word will perform the work. It's not you, it's the word. Can I say this to you today? The days of presuming are over. The church of the living God does not just have authority. We have supreme authority. And supreme authority is the authority or an office. Now listen. Okay. Authority is is the is the office or it's the Amen. I'm I'm I'm hurrying. It's the office or it's the recognition of a position. But supreme authority is when someone holds it. Glory to God. Supreme authority is when somebody steps into that office and holds that office. Hallelujah. Their being in that office identifies them as supreme authority. Now you know I can't say that without going to Matthew 17 up on Mount Transfiguration. And they all heard a voice. And it said this, "Hear ye him. Hear ye him." Rebraham said, "There's many voices in the world today. There's many things going on. There's many doctrines." How many can agree? There's many isms, but hear ye him. He's the voice of final authority. He's the one that'll speak. He's the one, Sister Jame, that'll speak. He's the one that said, "Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word shall never fail. So hear ye him." He's the one to listen to. Luke 16:16, "The law and the prophets run till John. And since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it." Amen. The kingdom of God is preached, and every man pressth into it. Amen. Hebrews 1:1, God who at sund dry times and in diverse manner spake in times past, amen, by unto the fathers by the prophets, but hath in these last days, somebody say last days, hath last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the world. Can I tie something together? Whom he hath appointed here, ye him. whom he hath appointed hear ye him. You say, "Well, praise God." Amen. Then the days of prophets are over. Oh, but wait a second. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. Watch a prophet. Revelation 18, he said, "This angel li remember the last angel is the angel in the church age to the Leosa. It's the Leodysa messenger. It's the last because the very next chapter is 19th chapter which is the coming bride. He said this angel's messenger come from God. He was echoing his message on the earth to come out of Babylon to come out of the organization. Listen, the Holy Spirit today, the manifestation of the Holy Spirit is that angel trying to get the people back to the word because the Holy Spirit will only vindicate the word. God's voice speaking to his predestinated people saying, "Come out of her. Come out of her. Come out of her." Listen, folks. I know we're beside the Catholics. I know we're between the pro Protestants. I know there's pressures on every hand. I know situations were rising. But we've had a vision among us. I'm going to pick it up in paragraph 270. Knoweth it not. He said, "And I seen it coming and I watched it." And what it was, it was a man on a horse. Anybody want to hear this today, you can go home and listen to it. Knoweth it not. Find the place where brother says if you give me a few more minutes and listen from there to the end. I don't have time to read the whole thing. He said, "But I watched it." What it was? It was a man on a horse and said he was coming with lightning speed and said I seen he was going to come down in front of me and I stopped my car and I jumped out and when it did said the car said the horse was standing in the road a great white military horse walking in a branch. I love that brother Terry. He said that's the word of course you know walking in a branch and said there was a man sitting on there. Glory to God. Hallelujah. We now have God. Hallelujah. The horse was representing that word, right? He said that was the word. He said, but there was a man sitting on there and said he was dressed in western garb. He wasn't a cowboy, but he said look like a chief over rangers or something and see all of his chief authority from the west, the Indians over the Indians, rangers overseas. And the man had his hat pulled down and was looking sideways and said when he turned sideways said, "It was you, brother Random." Glory. We had the word which was the authority but until a voice came upon that authority we didn't know what to believe but he said oh you never talk like you did you said junior called him three times said I'll tell you what to do said then you pulled up on the range of the horse you made about three lops and took to the skies you were gone towards the west can I tell you what happened we now have supreme authority on the word we don't just have a headless horse or a headless word. We now have a voice to interpret that word. I say to you this morning, Faith Tabernacle, take off your sad shoes. Get your harps out of the willow tree. Put on your shouting shoes this morning. We have supreme authority from Genesis to Revelation. Brother Levi, there ain't no question in my mind on where this bride is headed. We have heard the message. We have been identified by the word and we are headed to translation. Sister Jane, you didn't know it, but on the way to church Wednesday night, I was listening to you singing. I singing in the car with you. Press on. Press on. Are you hearing me this morning? Listen to me, little bride. Get back in the message. Get back in the tapes. Break open the books. Thank God for streaming. But somewhere or another, we going to have to get back to what the prophet said and stand on supreme authority and say, "Devil, stop. Devil, stop. Let the musicians come this morning. We now have someone holding the office of supreme authority, brother Sean, among the church. Who is it, brother Terry? Is it brother so and so? Or is it this preacher or this pastor? Brother Bramman said they turned and he turned to the side and they said, "Well, brother B, that's you." It was him on that word. That's why when the dust settles and the smoke clears, make sure you're found saying what he said about the subject. Amen. He said he was on that horse and you were chief authority. Hallelujah. I I ran out of time, but y'all know there's three pools right there. John 13:20 says this, "Verily, verily I say to you, he that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me." And he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me. He said, "There's no need to look back. Look up. Behold him who is even now walking in the midst of the churches through all ages. Behold him who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Who never changes either in essence or in his ways. where two or three are gathered together in his name, there he is in the midst. And not only in their midst as a complacent onlooker or as a recording angel, but he stands expressing exactly Hallelujah. But there he stands expressing exactly what he is. He is the life, the sustainer, and the giver of all good gifts to the church. Amen. What are you saying, brother, Andrew? I'm saying he is manifesting his authority through his church. And you are that church. You are that church between the Protestants and Catholics just like David. But coming into power, coming into power. I know sometimes I know sometimes people probably think I'm crazy, but there ain't nobody I'd rather hear than somebody in this bride [Music] sing. You know why? Cuz they're singing with power. Nobody I'd rather hear preach than men of God in this message that are preaching this message. Cuz there's no question. There's no question, nobody I'd rather hear pray than believers in this message because they're praying with authority. No other meetings I'd rather go [Music] to than message meetings, despised, ridiculed, but at least they're reliable. Amen. You love him this morning. Won't you stand to your feet with us? Brother Bram said Jesus Christ is in the building tonight to perform miracles, but he does it through his church, his people. Mark 16. The commission's given to the church. That's what's the matter with the church today. It don't know its position. If you knowed positionally who you was and what you are tonight, there wouldn't be a feeble person in here in the next five minutes. The thing of it is you're looking off into a millennium for something to happen when it's already here. Now, somebody say now. We are the sons of God. Not we will be. We are right now. when this night, right now, this minute, we're seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Now, oh, if you would only recognize that, and the supreme authority, hallelujah, that Jesus Christ has given to every believer. You have need of something, you desire something, only thing you have to do is ask and receive it. receive it today. You're only as authoritative as you are under this message. The minute you get out from under the voice of the seventh angel is the minute you're presuming. But every believer under the voice of the seventh angel has been given supreme authority. Can I say this to you? I'm I'm I'm I'm looking at these and they're burning my heart up. Presume not little flock. Fear not, little flock, he said. Oh, if that great holy church only realized its power to do these things, but there's so much doubt and fear and trembling, wondering if it will, could it happen? As long as that exists, the church will never stand upright. But when every talk of fear is vanished and the Holy Spirit is in complete control of the church, then all fears are gone. And that church has the power. See, while they have everything that heaven owns behind them, they're ambassadors of the throne. Absolutely. An ambassador of Christ has the authority. And everything that Christ owns belongs to that ambassador. And he said, "Go you into all the world. You're my witnesses." And what is a witness? He's an ambassador. Is to come witness something. Are you ready for this, folks? The whole powers of heaven is right in your hands. Oh, why do we set and the church is barren? we set dormant is because we don't recognize these things. Folks, I think it's time to get back in the books and tapes like never before recognizing your position and tell them that devil, stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. No. Not Mr. Devil. Please stop. in your position, knowing who you are. I want you to bow your hearts with us this morning. Maybe you're here today like David. This church of the living God is like David. in between the Philistines, in between Saul, no nation to back him up, no denomination to support it, no no recognition of an organization. But that's okay. The anointing's already been poured on it. The anointing's already on your life. Maybe you're here today like David. You say, "Lord, quicken that revelation in my soul. I know who I am. Maybe you can look up and see that devil running straight at you. It's time today, folks. It's time to look at that devil and say, "Stop. Stop. You've come as far as you're going to come. This church is not controlled by a man. It's not led by a pope or a bishop. It's underneath the authority of the word of almighty God. We're underneath supreme authority. A prophet has taken his position as an angel messenger on the word and we now have clear direction. Hallelujah. Almighty God, we bow our hearts in your presence today. Lord, as my heart is just overflowing with the things your prophet has taught, Father, just riding down the road yesterday listening to why we are not a denomination and why I'm against organized religion just back to back, Lord. Father, I I I couldn't help I couldn't help but just cry out my soul and thank you, Lord, that we're not we're not recognized by the world. That's fine. We're not we're not approved of by religion. That's okay. We may be small and insignificant in the eyes of churches. That's fine. But Lord, the anointing's on us, Father. We have a we we have a vindicated word. Lord, Father, when we gather in the house of God, every message church that gathers around this message, whether there be five or 50 or 8 or 10 or 100 or 200 or 500, it don't matter, Lord, if the message of the hour is being preached, supreme authority is resting upon the lives of those believers. And devils hate the church of the living God. The devil hates this church. He hates this bride. He hates this people. But Lord, I pray for the times in which we live. I pray the anointing of God would be poured out like never before on every believer. Father, right here in this community, right here stands a faithful church, faith tabernacle. Lord, Father, the certainty of this church is the message of the hour. Lord, they're not ashamed of it. not ashamed to display the the beautiful things you've given us concerning it, Lord. Now, Father, I pray today, Lord, that we would never get to a place that we would allow the pressures of this modern age, of this modern world to cause us to start questioning who we are. Father, may we recognize when we start questioning, the devil starts moving. But when we stand in our position and say, "Satan, stop. You've gone as far as you can go. That devil's bound. Lord, we love you this morning. If there be one here today, God, that needs to look at that devil, may this be the moment they do it. They need to look at that devil and say, "Stop. Stop. You've gone as far as you're going to go. The word is against you. Give them the grace to do it this morning, Father. This is the real church, Lord. Father, that's why I don't have to be in a building or have to be in a a certain location. Lord, you could put this group of people under an oak tree somewhere. Father, we seen it during CO. Put us out in a field. We'll turn it into the house of God. This church is God word made flesh and redeemed flesh. And how we thank you for it in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Do you love him today? Amen. Sing it for us, brother. Testimony overr. Oh yes. I'm an overr. Hallelujah. By the blood of the lamb. How many can testify of that today? By the word of my testimony. Overcomer. Oh yes. I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb, by the word, my testimony, he saved me. Hallelujah. He rescued me. He delivered me. And he set me free. And ever since, I've been changed. I've never been the same. I can lift my hands and say, "Thank you for your grace. [Music] Come by the blood of the lamb. Worship him today. By the word." Hallelujah. My testimony. Glory. Hallelujah. I'm an overcome by the blood of the lamb. By the blood of my testimony, he saved me. How many can say he saved you? He rescued. He rescued you. Hallelujah. He delivered me. Maybe right here this morning, he's delivered you and set you free. Set me free. Maybe right now things are changing. Things have been changed. Hallelujah. I've never been ashamed. I can lift my hands and say, "Thank you for your grace. Overcome [Music] by the blood of the Oh, let that be your confession this morning. By the word, by the word, my testimony." Hallelujah. Over by the authority of the word. I'm an overcomer. I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb, by the authority of the Lord, by the word of my testimony, by the word of my test. Oh, sing it again. Be over. Oh yes. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb. Oh yes. By the word of my testimony. Overcome. Glory. Overcome by the blood of the lamb by the words and my testimony. Hallelujah. How many overcomers do we have here today? How many overcomers do we have here today? Overcomers by the blood of the lamb. By the blood and by the word of my testimony. Hallelujah. How many can say today Lord the word has come open. I can identify myself in that word. I can take my position today and I can say, "Devil, stop." In the name of Jesus, it's going to see a miracle. We're seeing miracles. Going to be a rapture. We're going to be in it. See, it's the it's the authority of the church of the living God. Listen, I know there's many opinions on this message, but if you never hear this old sweat and crazy preacher again, hear this this morning. This message, this message is the truth. And it'll be the truth when the world's on fire. It'll be the truth when the Pope denounces it. It'll still be the truth. It'll be the truth when the when the when the World Council of Churches presses down on it. It'll still be the truth. Don't you ever forget you're David and you're the church and you're coming into power. You're already in power. Your bodies are going to be changed. Amen. It's a reality, ain't it, sis? Glory. It's real. It's real. It's more than a religion. It's real. Hallelujah. God bless you, friends. We love you today with the love of the Lord. It is such an honor to be here with you again today and appreciate brother Shawn for giving us this opportunity to speak to you. And we sure love and appreciate brother Shawn and his friendship. And how many appreciate the pastor, the man of God standing on this message. Brother Sean, thank you for your stamp. A voice. A voice. It's one thing for sure when you hear Brother Sean preachers. One thing you know you're going to hear the message. You can open your ears. You're going to hear that message. Amen. We sure love you today. And Amen. Looking forward to the meetings. Amen. We know God's God's doing great things. Amen. Amen. God is doing great things. I know I know people sometimes think just when the meeting comes around it's time God's doing great things but I tell you amen what a powerful what a powerful season for brother Shmiah there amen to see him hold that baby this morning him and sister Bethany God bless you amen that's supreme authority on the word they come underneath what a prophet said and stood there and whacked that devil whacked that devil 20ome years whacked that devil today they stand here miracle [Music] Come on folks. This is not a gathering. This is not a society. It's the revealing of the word of God in the flesh of his children. Amen. We love you today with the love of the Lord. Brother Sean, would you come? Amen. Lead us in that again, brother Daniel. That's a powerful song. My testimony overr. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb by the word my testimony. He saved me. Oh yes. He rescued me. He delivered me and he set me free. Ever since I've been changed, I've never been the same. I can lift my hands and say, "Thank you for your grace." Overcomer. I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb, by the word of my testimony. Overcomer. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb. Defeated but victorious by the word of my testimony. Overcomer. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb by the word my testimony. Hallelujah. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Bless the name of the Lord. Bless the name of the Lord. What a little song. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Well, do you love him? Amen. There's that little song, of course. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind victory today. Oh, when I got up this morning, I did not have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got to shout the victory. I know. Victory. Do you know it? Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get me behind. Victory today. The rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee [Music] behind. My family is mine. My family is mine. My family is mine. My family today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get me behind my family today. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Well, aren't you glad you can just claim every promise and say, "It's mine." Hallelujah. Give thee behind joy today. Healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Healing today is mine. We certainly claim it under the authority of the word of God. Well, did you enjoy the word today? Amen. Amen. Uh we certainly were fed. And I uh I just love when you know uh we hear our identific identification. Amen. Standing. I I like that. Uh David having no nation. He He's in between the two and and how the prophet identified that put it with us today. We We don't know where to belong as far as in this world. Amen. But we've got one identification and that's God. We're not defeated. Amen. We are the anointed bride of Christ. And appreciate Brother Andrew delivering his heart. Amen. and uh to us and we certainly want to keep him in our prayer that the Lord will just continue to bless him. And Sister Mariah, I know they do a lot of traveling out on the road and and uh just one meeting after another and um and I I know the prayers, our prayers would definitely be needed or is definitely needed and and appreciated. And I know brother Brandham, you know, he really appreciated the the prayers of the people praying for him. He depended upon that. And u and so we may not be going around the world. We may not, you know, uh we may just be here locally, but we can pray. Amen. And knowing that our prayers are helping and uh touching souls. Can you say amen? You love the Lord. Amen. I don't know. Um uh let's just sing I worship you almighty God before we get ready to go. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Hallelujah. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none. Can we sing it one more time to him? I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. [Music] I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. As they just play softly, Amen. Um the Lord has blessed us with a wonderful day today and um not only in the word but uh weatherwise and we can put up that tent and it's already uh 1. So around 3:30 uh 4 uh 3:30 to 4, we'll be uh those who would like to gather there at Camp Christie and we'll uh get that tent and set it out and and uh put it up and I think it'll go a lot easier this today. Um, first time was, you know, trial and error and and uh last time it was uh went a lot lot better and I think it'll go good today and so we just believe in the Lord to help us and be with us and um you know as as brother Tim will be in charge uh of getting everything together and so uh we want to um uh you know kind of just take his orders and you know uh let let him be our boss today and u you get too many chiefs not enough Indians then uh it gets in a bad mess. Ain't that right David? Yeah. And so uh uh anyways uh so uh but appreciate brother Tim getting everything together and I know uh he's been studying it and and uh so appreciate all your help and uh looking forward to a wonderful time. remember those that are traveling uh you know uh that are coming home from Ohio and um the Lord just be uh with them and they're trying to make it in time to to where they could help out as well with the tent and so u amen. So God bless you our prayer. Let's bow our heads and we'll dismiss. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful for the word of God that we've heard today. Thank you Lord that you have called men Lord to stand upon your message and to Police.
