################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Sun. May 18, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    Sun. May 18, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker: Dale Langstaff
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6yPZrXWxo4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
2020 is out. Just good to be in his house again this morning. And uh man, we uh we have a few prayer requests here this morning uh for Sister Linda. Um just a a sore neck there. And uh and then brother Junior is uh is out sick. So it's uh been very nice to have him with all the all the brothers he's been bringing with him. That's just a a wonderful uh wonderful outreach, you know, that he has there. Amen. So, man, we'll just uh we'll ask brother Bart to come and just open in a word of prayer this morning and just uh remember sister Julie and the boys. They're they're at uh camp there in Quebec and uh Sister Maya went with them. So, just uh pray that they would have a good time and the Lord would just touch uh touch the young people down there. Amen. So, thank you. our hearts. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we humbly come before you Lord. Praise asking Lord that your holy spirit would come amongst us this morning. Lord Jesus, open your word, Lord, to our hearts. Lord, that we may understand, Lord. We have no human understanding of ourselves, Lord. All understanding cometh from you. Revelations comes from you, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Pray Lord that you'd be with those Lord that couldn't be with us here today Lord whether it be for sickness or whether they're just traveling visiting and being at other churches. Bless them. Pray Lord that you'd bless them wherever they're at Lord. Yes. Those Lord that may be sick and Lord feeling down in body. I pray Lord that you'd lift them up and give them healing Lord. Amen. Pray Lord that you'd bless and protect your bride around the world abroad. Lord you know each and every one Lord. There's not one, Lord, that goes unnoticed by you, Lord. And you know the needs of each and everyone. Pray, Lord, that you'd be with your word this morning as it's brought forth. May be a blessing to each and every one of us. And may we leave here a better person than when we came, Lord. Yes. In Jesus Christ. May these things. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. Amen. The lily of the valley. [Music] I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Sorrow is my comfort in trouble. He's my every morning star. He's the 10,000 to my soul. All my griefs have taken all my sorrows. My is my strong and mighty all for him for all my heart and now he keeps me for me so Jesus I shall save I know he's the bright morning. He's the 10,000 to my soul. [Music] Hey, [Music] Amen. Praise his name. And the bloodwash [Music] band. [Music] Amen. Amen. Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you in the blood of the lamb? Are you [Music] crazy? Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Amen. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that'll be. Amen. [Music] King of the [Music] Jesus. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Amen. Well, you can uh have your seats and we got a special this morning. So, we'll just invite and [Music] Jesus [Music] praise. He left the splender of heaven. [Music] knowing his destiny was the go for Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Even in death he remember that he may his love then he took Heat. Heat. The ocean is there in the sky. Heat. Heat. There's no feeling like this. [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. As the deer ps [Music] for the near pace the water. Oh my soul longing after [Applause] thee. You are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. [Music] You are my strength, my shield to you and my spirit. [Applause] [Music] You are our hearts desire and I toship [Applause] thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I love you more than any other so much more than anything. You are my strength, my shield. To you alone, the [Music] my [Music] you are my heart desire and I long to worship. I want you more than for silver only you can satisfy. You, oh Lord, are the real joy and the you are my strength, my shield. To you are my spirit. [Music] You alone are my desire and my to worship me. Amen. Jehovah Gyra my provider. Amen. [Music] I will light your holy fore by your side. Happy set free is with me is the mighty. [Music] Here are glory. Glory for me to go. [Music] You [Applause] are for me to [Music] your child. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You are with me. Here is the my [Music] glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise his name, Jesus. I lift your name. Amen. That's what we come to do is lift his name. Amen. Lord, my heart can grow so far away. And yet for me your love is still the [Applause] same. Lord I might be in all of the [Applause] I to your name. [Music] [Applause] is your name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You're Here I am. [Music] Glory to King. for our heart is filled [Music] with worship. [Music] Open up my soul to worship and adore to be a praiseer to your throne. [Music] I your holy [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, the praise. [Music] I presence. Great. [Music] [Music] Lord [Music] down the Hallelujah. I [Music] love the king. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus, our comforter and also our king. Hallelujah. Lord God, we love you this morning. Lord, we thank you for your presence in our hearts and also in this place. Lord, I pray your blessing on all that have been able to come this morning and those that are sick. Be with them, Lord God, home for different reasons, Lord God. Bless and meet the needs of your bride around the world, Lord God. And Lord, as you open your word, Lord, we pray that you will feed your bride the mana from heaven, Lord God, today. And Lord, may the bride have an appetite for the heavenly mana. And may we not look back at the leaks and the garlics of the world of Egypt and say, "Oh, I sure miss that." But may we long and love the heavenly mana that God give us. We praise you for it in your beautiful name, Lord Jesus. Name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you all. It's good to be here. Amen. Very good to be here. different ones out. It's a holiday weekend. We're going to just look right in our scriptures to uh John 5:39. One verse and you may have your seats. Just God bless you abundantly. Covet your prayers this morning. Just uh [Music] John 5:39. And after you're seated, we'll read another scripture. Search the scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life, and it's they that are, and they are they which testify of me. Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, but they are they that testify of me. Lord God, I pray you'll bless your word this morning. Bless your people and may your will be done and everything that's done and said. In your name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your script your seats. We're going to look over in Philippians 4. Philippians 4:11. to 13. Philippians 4:11. Not that I speak with respects of want, for I have learned in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content. For I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound. And everywhere in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, and both to abound and to suffer need. Verse 13. And I can do all things through Christ that strengthens me. We praise God for that word this morning from the scriptures. We can do all things through Christ that strengthens us. You know, we we started a topic on Wednesday night and and uh we're going to just continue that. Lord willing, we might kind of finish our service on the Wednesday night service. uh excuse me if if God be willing but we want to look at a thought that it is it is always been and always will be it's human nature that people always want to be somewhere they are not you always want to be in a different age than what you are a different time you know brother Bram said that many people said I would have loved to have lived when Jesus was on the earth I would have lived differently I would have never missed Jesus said, "If you miss them today, you would have missed them then." Amen. You always want like the the the modern day thing is it's always greener on the other side of the fence. Brother Dale deals with that a lot in our situation of the countries. I think there's got to be a good place to live in this world. But this world is all controlled to Satan. Amen. That's right. And so we would desire to live in a different age, a different time, but God placed us by his omnipotent choice. He placed us right where we were supposed to be. Not just where we were supposed to be, but the place we were supposed to be. You know, you can just look at this in many ways just to to to stretch your thinking. You know, people that are single, you know, me and Lan many a while ago, we were listening to uh music coming in and and that song was talking about it. I actually got a copy of it, but uh you know was talking about the single people want to be married. And the mega married people that are in a bad relationship, they want to be single. And the married people that don't have kids, they want a whole big family. Then they get the kids and say, "Glory, hallelujah. I can't wait till they move out." Amen. You get a job, you don't like your boss, you wish you were unemployed. You're young. You listen to your kids. I can't wait till I turn 16. I can drive. can't wait till you're 26 and you wish you could be 16. And when you get to 56, you'll wish you were 16. You always want to be somewhere different. Amen. And so that what the natural is is always in the spiritual. But God God, you know, God is all the things that he wants us to be. If you're single this morning, he's your husband or wife. If you're if you're in mourning this morning, he's your comforter. And if you're jobless, he's he's your provider. And and you know, if you're tired this morning, he is your rest and he's your comfort. And we're going to read some scriptures. He is everything that you are in need of. And we shouldn't live our life wishing I was somewhere else. You know, brother Bram said about the church. He said, you know, you wish that you could find a perfect church. And he said, as soon as I got there, it wouldn't be perfect. You want wish the big church and you get to a big church and nobody would recognize you. You get in a small church, you know, all the problems and you wish you were somewhere else. You see, that's just where we live in. Amen. God help us. God help us not to be this way. He said, you know, this looking at some quotes here. I'm going to skip my first quote. I think uh well, my first quote talks about, you know, God God's army and God's fortress was his ministry. And he said, what was God doing it? He formed it through his prophets, apostles, teachers, and and pastors. Amen. And it was foreseeing the truth before it was foreseeing what was going to happen before Satan could affect it. Amen. And so God dressed up in his church in the ministry. He's always the same. And if the ministry ever denies the truth, then run for your life. And I'll tell you what, most of the time ministry denies the truth because there's popular people in the sky. Brother Brown talked about this. He would not preach the truth because you're the biggest tithe payer or I'm afraid of people leaving. Brother Bram said, "Okay, he said, I'd rather drink, eat branch water, whatever." Amen. God help us. But as humans, we deal with that because brother Brandham didn't want to make enemies. But brother Brandham made enemies all the time because people didn't like his doctrine. Amen. He didn't like the truth. Amen. So we look at this just going our next thing here. He said, you know, uh frogs, people are like frogs. It was frogs is a type of an unclean spirit and frogs is also the type of a trinity doctrine of truth. But frogs always are looking behind them. It was always better in another time, another day. Amen. It was always something better. And and I'm going to go through what we didn't do Wednesdays. I'm going to go through multiple examples in the Bible where where the people that we respect and and uh recognize always thought it was better in the past. And here here and just once more, Lord, man's always thinking back to what God did or looking forward to what he's doing, but they're ignoring and missing what he's doing today. Amen. God help us. Human beings are always telling what God did do and they believe what he's going to do, but they're forgetting what he's doing right now. You don't recognize what he's doing today. It's very, very, very seldom and very difficult to recognize what he's doing today. And so was it always been that way. We see here in Exodus 37 and 8 that the Lord came to Moses and he said, "I've seen the afflictions of my people that are in Egypt and I have now watch this. This is personal now." And the Lord said, "And I've heard their cry." Now, that meant it put it right on the people that the people were praying for God to deliver them. I've heard their cries and their sorrows and you know the scripture. And he said, "I'll bring them out with a mighty hand into a land flown with milk and honey." And you and I I don't want you to to uh lock in. You say, "Well, Israel, they were just hard-headed people." Because we're going to look at people that wasn't Israel. And if you just drop down to Exodus 14, they had it no more and been delivered and their position changed completely. In Exodus 14:11, "And they said unto Moses, because there was no graves in Egypt, you took us out into the wilderness to die." It's a good thing I'm not God because I would have signed off that people about right there. These were the people that had been begging God and crying for over 400 years for God to change their situation. God change their situation and give them somebody that would tell them the truth. And they say, "I don't want that. I don't want the truth. Most people don't want the truth this morning. You know, a very famous man, I forget his name there, but he said, "Anybody that tells the truth always tells the truth." Well, is always hated because there's always part of the truth that's not popular. Yeah. You know, I remember when I was young and and this is off my notes completely and you won't understand this, but I was remember when I was young and and still am good friends with a baked cattle producer Tim's uh auction and and he had a man that bought cattle for him three days a week. And you know, I knew many many I knew hund hundreds of men that he was good friends with. And I I personally point blank asked Tommy. I said, "Why why you got that man buying cattle for you?" He would spend a million dollars of Tommy's money a week. Tommy said, "He will tell me the complete and only truth, no matter if I want to kill him or not. You'll tell me nothing but the truth. So help him. Period." And he gave him his checkbook. Yeah. To do whatever he wanted to. He'd say, "I bought those cows and I shouldn't have or they broke their leg on the way out the gate or you know they were a bad guy. I realized they made just completely he wouldn't sugarcoat it." But we're living it. You know, Brother Bam said that God was looking for separators, but people are looking for people that are sugarcoat and everything. They're looking for blender machines. Amen. And God help us to recognize what this is here. Here you know we go down in this same scripture in Israel in verse 12 and it said let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians. You know that for 420 years they were begging God that they could get out of Egypt and their task maskers and just within a few days they were saying to God's servant I wish we were back there. Here we look in Exodus 16 also. Exodus 16:3. And the children of Israel said unto them, they said, "I would to God that we would have died at the hands of the Lord in the land of Egypt." Would to God he wouldn't have showed us the truth. Would to God he wouldn't have showed us the message. Would to God he wouldn't have given the five-fold ministry. Would to God I would have just died there. Jesus. You dislike the truth that bit. Look at 1st Samuel 8 79. We're just from different scriptures here and and maybe I'll slow down and go through this a little bit here. You would know the story. Israel wanted a king. So now they're out of Egypt. And God knew what they needed. A prophet. You said, "But I don't like that." See, we don't like We never like where we're at. I'm getting old. I wish I was young. When I was young, I wish I was old. And the Lord unto Sam, he said unto Samuel, verse uh 7, hearken unto the voice of the people what they say unto you, for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me that I shall not reign over them. See, you know, the Bible says that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Amen. I told that story about us waiting for the traffic. If you would have been uh you know uh if we would have really been our normal life, we would have pulled out in front of that semi and we would have been smashed by the other semi that was doing the farm work literally within 2 minutes. Literally within 2 minutes, but God's guarding angels is over and we blasphemed God because we don't like that we had a flat tire. Your car didn't start. You've all heard the story where where the man came to God and and he was really upset with God. He said, you know, God, I went out and my car wouldn't start. And he said, and you know, he was telling God, I'm going to quit serving you. And then he said, I went to work and there was a long line up at the Tim Hortons. And you know, I did this and I did that. And God came out. He said, well, I didn't start your car because there was an accident out the road. I made a long line at Tim Hortons cuz the person was sick at Tim Horns and had coughed on your food, so your food got rejected. And on and on and on and on and on. And he gets to the end of the poem, the guy says, "Oh, God. Amen. And so God said here in in the ninth verse, he said, you know, give them a king, but I want you to protest solemnly, solemnly to them and let them know. And they said, so in verse 9, you know, and I'm not really reading these verses, but the the prophet came to them and he came in verse 11, the king said, he said, "Now, when God was reigning over you with true ministry, in verse 11, he said, did he take your sons?" And you can read all those things that he would have did with the sons. It's a lot. He said he would appoint them for himself as chariots and his horsemen and some to run before his chariots. And he would appoint them captains over thousands, captains over 50s, and set them on the ground to reap the harvest and make them instruments of war and instruments of chariots. Verse 13, he said, "And he'll take your daughters." See, Satan will take everything you got if you're out of the will of God. But you're in the will of God, you're not happy. That's it's a wonder. God, I mean, he's got to have amazing love. Verse 14, he said he'll take your fields and your vineyards and your olives and all the best of them and he'll give them to somebody else who didn't work for him. Verse 15, he said, "And he'll take a tenth of your seeds and your vineyards and your officers." Verse 16, "And he'll take your man's servants and your maid servants." Verse 17, "And he'll take a tenth of your sheep and all your livestock. It said verse 18, "And ye will cry out in that day because you didn't like where God had you, but you're going to like it a lot worse where you're headed." For ye shall have chosen me, but the Lord, you would not hear you in that day." And nevertheless, the people refused to obey here. Here, here God was was politely showing the people, "We'll give you what you want, but you're going to have great regrets." Amen. 1 Samuel 12, we can just move down in this story. And Samuel says, "I've hearkened unto your voice and gave you a king." And verse three, and behold, I am a witness against me before the Lord and before the anointed, that these ox have I have have I taken, or these ass have I taken, or whom have I have defrauded? Here's here's Samuel asking the people, has has God's plan been that bad for you? Has been the truth been that bad for you? Whom have I defrauded? Who have I taken? Whom have I oppressed? and whom at the hand have I received any bribes or or blinded my eyes therewith and I will restore unto you. And the people said, "Well, no, God's way was perfect. God didn't defraud us any." And here the prophet comes back to him. He said, "And the Lord is your witness against you, and his anointed is a witness this day." That God knew what was perfect for you. God knew where to place you perfectly. God knew who to put over you perfectly and they've always rejected it. God help us. God help us. We see here in John 8 33 here the the Jews loved works. And here Jesus had come to be saved by grace. And the Jews were boiling. And see here they said in 33 and they answered unto him and said, "We be of Abraham's seed, and we are never been in bondage to any man. How saith thou that ye shall be made free?" They were here. The Jews were cursing Jesus right to his face. and and he was the perfect sacrifice to take the bondage of of uh sin away. And up to that time, it was just covered and covered and pushed under the carpet. And the Jews hated change. They wanted it to stay works. If we jump to 39, and they answered and said unto him, Abraham's our father. And Jesus said unto them, "If you were Abraham's children, then the you would do the works of Abraham." They they they were even telling Jesus, they said, "You know, we weren't at least we weren't born in fornication, blaspheming Jesus." Verse 42, "And Jesus said unto them, if God were your father, then you would love me, for I proceedth forth and came from God, neither came I of myself, but he sent me." Verse 43. And why do you not understand? Why do you why do we not understand God even because you cannot hear my words? Why when somebody tells us the absolute complete total truth do we say but if we jump down and you know you could read that chapter it's an amazing chapter where the Jews hated the change in verse 52 and they said unto the Jews now we know that thou art the devil the Jews are saying to Jesus Because Jesus said, "Before Abraham was, I am." See, you know, the God that I serve, there ain't nobody close to him. The next person close to God is a trillion miles times a trillion miles away from God. Because there was nothing made that God didn't make. And there was only one person that knew the beginning from the end. That was the alpha and omega. Omnipotent and omnipresent was God. And so that's a huge first step of your stairs. That's right. They couldn't handle that. Jesus said, "Before Abraham was, I am." He said, "Now we know you're a devil because Abraham's dead." And the prophets and thou sayest that if a man keep my sayings, he shall never taste the death. Thou are greater. You're greater than our last minister. You're greater than our father Abraham, which is dead. They were worshiping prophets back then, too, because they wouldn't change. Which is dead. The prophets are dead. Whom makest thou to be yourself? Verse 56. So your father Abraham rejoiced to see this day, and he said it, and was glad. And then said the Jews unto him, "Thou art not 50 years old, and thou saith, thou hast seen Abraham." Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, that before Abraham was, I am." Then took they stones up to cast at him. But Jesus hid himself and went out through the temple in the midst of them and pressed them. I want to show you something and and God help us. And we we have a beautiful church and beautiful sanctuary. But that spirit is here today. And I'll prove it by the prophet because the prophet said that a pastor is a burden bearer. Now that's not what brother Dale said. That's what brother Bham said. And brother Bham said he could bear with the fusses of the people. But when you come into true adoption, you won't be fussing. You won't be worrying about if I shaved today or wore a tie or if my suit matches my pants or you won't be worrying about what Suzie ate or what Suz's kid did or nothing like this. You know, I'm I got a message that I started and the title of the message which is it's going to be a few weeks from now. It's none of my business. Jesus said in the Bible say, "What is that to thee?" Well, don't you see what they're doing? Don't you see their kids? Oh, don't you see? Oh, man. Everything's falling apart in church. What's that to you? Ain't nothing to you. What's that to thee? Follow thou me. But God had to raise up a ministry that could bear with the fusses of the people back then. They picked up stones. Well, that's what he said for Jesus. Here we go to John nine. Come here. And another example where people don't want to change. And the the Pharisees, they love the law and they wanted to keep the Sabbath. And here's Jehovah in the presence of the earth this morning or then in the tabernacle of the body Jesus. And he heals somebody. He does something amazing on the Sabbath and they want to kill him. They said, "Well, he must be a double." Like, who wouldn't want to have eyesight if you were stone blind? You know, we went out for breakfast with Brother Jim Yes day before yesterday and a lady come in stone blind in the restaurant. Broke my heart. I seen her brother sick and the big ball on the end of it. Stone blind. You know, if you were that person, you wouldn't really care if you'd be quite happy to be healed on the Sabbath day. But bless God, we don't see they like the past, but they didn't want the truth. Verse one, Jesus passed by a man and saw that he was blind from his birth. And let's just drop to verse 16. I have a lot more verses on my iPad, but I'm just reading the highlights. And therefore said the Pharisees unto this man, they said, "Is not this man ain't God? This man, this this minister, there's no way he can be of God cuz he did something good." Whoa. You know, sadly, if you do anything good for anybody, somebody will pick on you and it'll be working through another believer. It'll have to be a make. It's always the way it is. Well, you that's, you know, you shouldn't have took them you shouldn't have took them supper tonight. You shouldn't have you shouldn't have said those kind words to those people. You shouldn't have went into this. Do you know where they're from? this man cannot be of God because he keepeth not the Sabbath day. And others said, "Can a man that's a sinner do such as miracles?" And there was division among them. That's why brother Bram said in every church there's three kinds of believers. You know, he's I was reading studying this week, you know, the with the a minister. He just throws out the net and he catches spider water spiders and turtles and, you know, frogs, you name it. And that and then he catches some good old pike or some good old salmon, too. But they're all sitting in the same building. Amen. Here they the Pharisees here, God was right in their midst. and they missed it a 100 miles because it was different than they thought and they wanted the past. They love, see, they love the law because they felt like they were going to heaven because they did something about it. I like it that I'm going to heaven and I had nothing to do with it because I knew I wouldn't go to heaven if I had something to do with it. Galatians 2 7 and 8. And here Peter now we're getting into we've we've left the you know the unsaved and unconverted Jews and Israelite and the the Pharisees and now we're coming into people that Jesus actually gave the keys to the kingdom for and Peter wanted to stay with the physical circumcision. So, oh, we got to keep doing that. And Peter was spineless because he acted different depending on who came to the church. If he was among the Jews, he said, "Oh, we must be circumcised." But if there was no Jews present, then he would be friends with the Gentiles. And you'll see in verse 7 or verse 11 and Paul's talking here and he said but when Peter came he said I withtood him to his face. Now I'll tell you something. Paul had a backbone. Peter was a jellyfish. How many times did Peter's knees cave in? Oh, I'll never curse your God. And God knew he would curse him multiple times. Saw stood him to the face because he was to blame. For before a certain came to James from James, and he did eat with the Gentiles. But when they were come, he withdrew himself and separated, fearing that they were of the circumcised. Peter was concerned about what other people thought. And he didn't like change. Amen. So we see there's nothing new under the heaven. Nothing new. Whoever whatever situation you're in, you wish you were in another one. People that are working hard get close to retirement. They say, "Wow, I can't wait to get retired." and their retire year and they're bored stiff, losing their mind because they never had any hobbies. Always want to be in a different position. Isaiah 28 9 and 13. Now we I apologize for you that were here on Wednesday night. You if I I I'll go through this part fast. You know, I've been long-winded for way too long and maybe it'll be But whom shall teach knowledge? And whom shall make to understand doctrine? It's them that's wean from the mal and from the draw from the breast. For it shall be precept upon precept and precept upon precept and line upon line, line upon line. here a little there little with sang bringing lips and with other tongues do I speak unto this people now watch what he says here you know sadly in our day if somebody comes and teaches the truth people we're living in a world that people are hugely opinionated oh my like and I mean drop the gloves opinionated if it was legal to kill I mean there'd be we wouldn't be safe you know what I Amen. It wouldn't matter what minister or who you had for a pastor that preached behind the pulpit. I'm never got 100% on who could teach the doctrine because people lean different ways. But watch verse 12. to whom he said, "This is the rest wherein you may cause the weary to rest, but they won't accept it. And this is a refreshing, and yet they will not hear it. You won't hear it. Not all." That's not because I say that. That's because the Bible says that. That's why it's always a mixed multitude wherever you are. And it's it's impossible to teach everybody the truth of doctrine. Now, we just went through how many examples in the Bible and nothing's changed. I mean, not the spirits haven't changed of people and their understanding. And yet, you wouldn't hear it, but it was God's plan. But you won't hear it here. Brother Bam says in a couple quotes here he said you must never misinterpret the word say well I believe it means this means just what it says it needs no interpretation you must not misplace the word and you must not dislocate the word now he says it more plainly the next well actually it's all in the same sermon but this is right before he dies now see we most of us would understand that the prophet's message was progressive and his revelation changed much and especially the last year or two especially after the seals but for sure right before he died it changed hugely after brother Bam said that the Bible became a brand new book after the seals was he teaching the word before that for sure he was but his understanding and knowledge of God had increased dramatically because the mysteries had been unveiled here in the next quote he said there's three things you must not be you must not misinterpret mishandle and mis uh then he he said and mis dislocate the word of God. It must be kept just exactly the way God read it. Now I'm not going to read this cuz we read it Wednesday, but Revelations 3, I'm just going to read verse 19. Revelations 3 is the church age to Leodysa. And you know what it is, but the people in Leodysia didn't need God. In verse 19, it says, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent." So God is always in the ministry, always rebuking and chastising the people until we that will happen until we get in the millennium or you die or you go in the rapture. Because brother Bram clearly thought it was he like the ones that was raptured, Elisha that was raptured, he just walked with God that he was so close he went home. You wouldn't be here this morning if you've came to perfect adoption cuz God would take you home. If he was finished with you and you were perfect adoption, me included, if I if I had come to perfect adoption right to the peak. Now, I believe we're we are there and and maybe maybe we've even arrived and God's got something for us left to do. But when we've arrived, God takes us home because our ministry is done and we enter into our rest. So there will always be rebuke and chastisement to make us more mature and more perfect. You know the Bible, and we're not going to go into that, but it it it was uh uh then he finishes in verse 22. He says, "He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the churches." Amen. And that spirit, I mean, it can speak many ways, but one of God's ways we read in the beginning was through the ministry. Now, now this is where I want to go into our example Wednesday night and and I'm just going to kind of blow through this in fairness to the people that were here Wednesday. And anybody that has wants the quotes, I won't say anything that ain't right here in front of me in these quotes. But brother Bram said that Pentecost was a an experience. He said that 49 times. Pentecost was an experience. And and Pentecost is a baptism of the Holy Ghost. So it's not a church. It's not an age. It's not a building. It's not even a time frame. It was when the Holy Ghost was given that was called Pentecost. I have a quote right here right here in front of me. He said, "Back to the leadership of the of the Holy Ghost." Uh God gave his children the new birth, which was the baptism of the Holy Ghost, a Pentecostal experience. So if you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost this morning, and that you don't have to tell me that's between you and God, you have had a Pentecostal experience. That's why. So we're we're laying some doctrine here. Clearly this we're not leaving the message that we understand the prophet. Amen. So we understand that that the Pentecost is the new birth and that's when the Holy Ghost was given. When they had the upper room experience, they were filled with the Holy Ghost. They went out and there was 3,000 added to the church that day. Then brother Bram says early in his ministry he says that we need to go back to Pentecost 45 times he says that back to Pentecost and every single time brother Brown says that he was preaching to sinners 100%. Some of the quotes and I can give them to you. Some of them I have on my iPad some of them I don't. Some of them he said were sitting right in the congregation was women cutting their hair off, painting their faces wearing pants and slacks and earrings and and all this stuff. And so when brother Bram said 45 times to go back to Pentecost, it was because the people weren't even converted. They weren't saved. They weren't sanctified. And they definitely weren't had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So if somebody was to come up to me and say, "We I need to go back to Pentecost." I'd say, "Well, you need the Holy Ghost." Then that's another way to say it. You need to get the baptism Holy Ghost. But I don't need to go back to Pentecost cuz I already have the Holy Ghost. I have the tabernacle of of God himself living inside of me. And so I am Pentecost. How could I go back to something that I already am? And so we can prove this in the message uh when brother Brand talks about Peter and he says Peter wasn't converted. And he said to Peter, he said when you're converted, strengthen the brethren. Now wait a minute. Now, Peter walked with Jesus. Peter was the man that God gave the keys of life to. But Jesus knew that he never had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Jesus knew that he would curse him. And here you can say this very plainly in questions and answers. Uh and and he says it in 632 above it. But he says, "Now Peter, I know all this, but you're not converted yet. and you're not converted, but after you are converted, Peter hadn't received the Holy Ghost yet. So, see, Jesus could have said to Peter, "You need to go back to Pentecost." And I would say to anybody that come and challenges me or or talks to me about being off the word, if you're off the word, you need to go back to Pentecost. Pentecost is the word, but I'm walking with it. Pentecost is the Holy Ghost. So, it's not that I have to go back to Pentecost. I'm already filled with the Holy Ghost. And it ain't possible to leave that Pentecost because Ephesians 4:30 says that you are sealed until your day of redemption. So when brother Bram's ministry, you have to understand that early in his ministry, he was preaching to denominational churches and none of them have I would clearly say that that none or very few had ever come into the stature of the fullness of the of the perfect man. And so he was preaching to non-filled people. He was pre preaching to people that still had trinitarian doctrines and and and all kinds of carryovers. Amen. And in some cases we should have that but it would never be. So here we see in Ephesians 30 that once you receive the Holy Ghost you don't have to go back and get more Holy Ghost. You might get more refilling and you would grow more mature and more statue. Brother Brandham compared it to this like the train car that's going to cross uh boundary lines, country lines. And he said, "When that inspector, the Holy Ghost, goes in that train car and he checks everything in that car and he says, "Now you have everything you have need of for the rapture and you have it on the right shelf in the right place and your thing." And he goes out and he slaps the seal on the thing and it was against the law for anybody to break that seal until you got to the millennium. That's a new country. That's the one I'm looking for. If anybody knows where it is, let me have the address cuz I'm added there. So to preach a message to people that have the baptism of the Holy Ghost that they need to go back to Pentecost is like it's like what are you talking about? Like brother Bram said this. He said, "Luther's message wouldn't have worked in Wesley's day." I want I want maybe maybe this will help you cuz and we're going to read into this quote, but this will help the kids. You got to watch me. Watch this. Brother Bram said, "We're building a house." And he said, "It's a piece of cake building a wall, but when you're building a house gets a little hairier." It's like brother Bart when he's driving the big rig. It's a piece of cake when the road straight. He can almost sleep and the road will go straight. You know, they got those two, you know, in our car, brother Bart, if you get close to the line, it'll it'll almost it'll force you back. It almost force you back cuz it's like almost an auto steer like the planes. But when he starts pulling off an inner ejection and it says, you know, it shows a picture of a truck go tippy turby and it says 30k, it means 30k. Cuz if you hit that doing 50k, you're going to be like the sign says, tippy off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when Luther came along, he built one wall of the house. Yeah. Yeah. And it was the word of God, and we're not throwing it out. You must be saved. Yeah. Yeah. You can only be saved by the the blood of the Lord. Then Wesley came. He said, "Sanctification's great. You know, you need to clean up your life cuz God won't fill in the Holy Ghost in a cup that's dirty." And Pentecost came and they give the the uh the gifts of the spirit and, you know, speaking in tongues and prophecy. It's all here and that's and it's all the Bible and we're not throwing none of it out and it's all part of the word just like Luther's message was but a house ain't built yet. It's going to be pretty cold here in January with the front wall off. You'll never make it in the rapture in Pentecost. You'll go through the tribulation. Hope you enjoy yourself unless you're willing to hear the truth. Like the Bible says, God's given us the truth. But if you're not willing to hear it, well, they're done to me. Cuz see, it's none of my business, right? It's none of my business. It's none of my business who accepts the truth or not. It's only my business that I say the truth and live the truth. If I'm saying the truth and living the truth, who comes to this place or comes to my house or or is in my life, that's God's business. Other words, we would go we would be like we would go crazy. You'd be suicidal if you thought it was your business cuz you you just try to control one of your kids. One of you you older parents just try to make them in a box that you want them to be. And if they don't go nuts, you will. But the last one, Brother Bram said, was the opening of the word. He said it was the bride age. And he said it was the I age, the scene age. And now we have our house built. Now we need all four walls. But we're not living. We're as long as you have been filled with the Holy Ghost, you're past Pentecost. Because brother Bram said 49 times, Pentecost isn't a isn't a church. It's an experience. Peter hadn't received the experience yet. And so when brother Brown was preaching back to Pentecost, that absolutely, completely and indefinitely does not apply to me. It would apply to anybody that's not filled with the Holy Ghost. That don't even apply to people that are backsliding. Because brother Brown taught us that you can't backslide. You can't be unsealed once you're sealed. He says when you're backsliding, you're out of fellowship. You might have kids here. If you've ever been accepted the Holy Ghost for you think they could leave the church and completely go in sin, go into any kind of sin that you think is terrible. They can't break that seal. It's not possible for them to break that seal. Brother Brandham said you can't be sealed and be unsealed. He said you can be out of fellowship and brother Brandham will bring and not brother Brandham God will bring you back into fellowship in his own good time. Amen. Hallelujah. Here here and I and here in my first quote there maybe you can put them up. So, we know we're in the word age now, the bride age or the I age. And here he says that the foundation was Luther and Wesley was on the move and he sent missionaries around the world. And then he said the Pentecostal age, this is how he said. He never said gifts, which it does. He says, but he said it was the fingers and things. He said it was the the tongue and the nose and so forth. But he said now in the last par the last paragraph there he said now it's in the eyes. What good will it be for you to need eyes? He said you need light and the eyes isn't there to see. See the eyes the first to see come. And he opened the seven seals and he revealed the evening light taking the mysteries that's been head down through the church ages and he revealed them to the promise of the revelations 10 1-7. And here we are today sitting in the midst of the word being the the word being revealed to us by Jesus Christ, God's word. Let's go to our next quote there. But it now now when it came down now we're in the last age. It's not back to Pentecost. So for all those people, I I just want to message people sometimes are very hard to to uh well, we're just the home crowd to to to talk to because you got message people that say, "Well, we got to take every word the prophet said." But the prophet's message changed. See, as his revelation changed it, and that don't stumble me at all, his message grew. and and Revelation. And so for a period of time, Brother Bram was saying, "Go back to Pentecost." Now he says, "Don't go back to Pentecost. We're beyond Pentecost." Was the prophet wrong? No, he wasn't wrong. He was mature. He had grown up. He had received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And not only that, he knew you had received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He said, "Not back to the Pentecostal age." He said, "We're over here in the last age." He said, "The first age began with the word which was Christ." He said, "The last age ends with the word which is Christ." He said several of these things that was the stock. And he talks about, you know, he Well, let's go to the next quote here. He talks about the different ages, you know, like a plant of wheat growing up and Luther was the stock and Wesley was the leaves and Pentecost was the husk around the seed. Now, I'll just flat out tell you, and if this offends you or not, I'm not even sorry. I'm not going back to husk because when I combine my wheat, I have the wind wide open, and I want to blow all pentecost out the back door 100%. Because if they get pentecost in my grade of good wheat, I'll be docked and it'll cost me money because there's no value to it. It's just light chaff. That's right. So I blow it on the ground. He said, "Now, if you watch, watch how close it is. It's a razor edge now between right and wrong." And so remember that if it falls on the one side and it'll come down to sometimes like the arner of a razor between the difference of right and wrong. And he said, "You got to take every word of God and not just almost every word, but every word of God." And it's down today, not to the Lutheran, not to the Messians, not to the Pentecostals, but to the but to that honor age. And that age where the Antichrist anointing is per so perfectly that it will deceive their very life. They'll fall on the wrong side and they'll find out that they don't watch it like the edge. Watch it. Be careful. We're not living. You'll see that right in the bottom. They don't even put my underlines. I underlined it. You won't underline it for me. We're not living in the Pentecostal. We're past that age here. And I'm just I'm going to just to save time. I'm going to go not read all these quotes. The next quote he said, now we are not living in Luther's age or Wesley's age or the Pentecostal age. The Pentecostal age was only the restoration of the gifts coming back in the church. But we're living in the evening time. We're living in a time calling out of the bride. And just as it was hard, now this part, if you don't get nothing else, listen to this part. This was our message. Just as it was hard for Catholics to see Luther, and it's hard for Luther to see Wesley, and it's hard for Pentecost to see the bride. So is it hard for the Pentecostals to see this age. It's always been that way because it poured out upon the elect seed. It's always If you're caught in the wrong age, you're deceived. If you want to go in the rapture, you got to get in the grain. You got to get in the seed. But it's always hard for people to turn the corner to build the house. We're not getting rid of the house. We still believe in Luther. You must be saved by grace. We still believe in Wesley. He'll clean up your life. We still believe in the gifts of the spirit, tongues, prophecy, whatever God wants, he's he's the one that sends them 100%. But we've moved into the mysteries and the secret. We We've actually moved past the mysteries. Let me just be clear here. We've actually moved into the person of Jehovah. and he's got all the wealth. Amen. You know, before I I just love typing the bride to a marriage. I mean, it just is a anybody that if I ever see don't believe in the marriage on this earth, it's just the most ridiculous thing I ever did see because, you know, if you're in a courtship or you're in a you're engaged, you're only getting the gifts. Sure, he buys you flowers every Friday night, takes you out for supper, and he picks up the tab. But I actually got the person. See, I got all the gifts and the person cuz I'm married. Here are the next force. He said, "When we come forth and hath come forth in the Pentecostal age of the restoration of the gifts, it would almost deceive the very elect." It looked like it was the real grain wheat opened up there, but there's no wheat in there at all. It's only shuck. But back there they begin to form the you know he's talking about but the shelter it all Pentecost was all Pentecost was was to shelter me. All Pentecost was was to shelter you cuz this was the Pentecost and you were in here. And so when it rained real hard it was Pentecost that run the rain off. It was the hus that run the rain off. So the the wrong stuff wouldn't get in the seed. All it was was a protector of the real value. Everything up to it was put in the Hallelujah. That's what he says here. He said, "But it was a shelter for the wheat. It's been growing through it all the time." And now it's beginning now it's beginning to pull away. And the wheat's beginning to be seen. And it's not Pentecost. It's a latter day age. It's a blind age. It's the evening light. It's when Malachi 4 fulfills everything. Hallelujah. Next quote. And you can't do it in Luther's age. You couldn't do it in Wesley's age. And you can't do it in the Pentecostal age. But in the day when the son of man shall be manifested, revealed, and brought back to the church together with the entire deity of God among his people. Wow. We're going to stop. I have multiple multiple Romans 8:30. I was just going to read that. And God's eyes were already glorified. I have another dozen quotes. I don't need to read them because nothing can say it better than that. We have the entire deity of God amongst the people. I just have one simple question. In what world would anybody hanging around this message, hanging around the truth, or in what world would anybody wanting to go in a rapture or believe they're going to heaven not want the best and it all? Who wouldn't want what Luther's got, what Wesley's got, and what Pentecost was? And now we have the deity of the son of man. And he's not living in heaven. He's living right in me. And he's living in right in every one of you with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And so if you ever in your life say, "Where's the Welsh revival? Where's Pentecost in the church?" Just give them your best side. Say, "I am Pentecost." That's right. Didn't you know that? I'm Pentecost plus. I'm Pentecost plus deity. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you see? Do you see how God can show through the scriptures that everybody wanted to live in a different spot than where they were? And brother Brandham, our prophet, could bring it so clearly. He said, "It's hard for Luther to see Wesley, hard for Wesley to see Pentecost, and it's hard for Pentecost to realize that there was." And that's why because they were unwilling to hear the truth, they were the foolish virgins and they'll have to give their life through the tribulation because I don't want ears like that. I don't want to be the person that when somebody comes, you know, and they just say, you know, just tell me the blunt truth. The barn burnt down. It burned down. Let's let's move from here. You don't have to pay. I was going too fast and I came on black ice and I hit a semi. Why do we always try to fudge the truth? Why do we always try to hide what ain't truth? Because you're the husk and the leaves and you're only covering up what the real is. You know, I think of the time when Esther was me were spreading manure and she drove in the ditch with the manure spreader, rightful. And she come back and I don't know nothing has happened. I'm the one that was filling her and she was other than she had turned into an angel. She was white as a ghost. And she come over and and she said, "I drove in the ditch." I said, "Were you on her phone?" He said, "Yep, I was on my phone and I drove in the ditch." And I said, 'Well, praise God. You nothing's hurt. Let's just keep on going. There's nothing wrong with the truth. But just in case, and we're going to close on this, just in case you don't know, people don't want the truth. Just try witnessing. Just try telling somebody the truth out there. Just tell Just tell them the blunt truth. Just tell them whatever you want to tell them. Whatever's truth to you, you tell them that. See how it's received. Now, just think about a minister or pastor that's trying to go right in the exact center of the road. And every week you have people on both sides. We just had a scenario in the church. And I had one person call me on Monday and praised me and said, 'I can't believe how beautiful and wonderful and kind and beautiful and and nice you were about how you handled that. I had one on the other side and it was as different as nighttime is from day and they both attend this church. It'll be like that till we go home. So don't let it stumble you. That's that's why our young people need to hear this because you see hypocrites in the message church. That don't affect me at all. I could see I could see men wearing dresses and women wearing pants and men having hair to the floor. Now it don't affect my belief. It didn't change deity to me. Didn't change it a bit to me. That's right. It didn't change the weed inside me. Yeah. Because you know what? It ain't none of my business what you think. It ain't none of my business. But God will make it his business. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. God help us. God, help us to accept what the blessing we we are blessed beyond whoa comprehension what what God has given you and us in this day and and and made available to all that would receive it. Amen. That's why the wrath of God will be so, you know, you know, just we could just go on forever, but that, you know, God made a way for all that would, for whosoever would, but he knew most wouldn't. And it's just amazing how people can be so close, so very close to the truth. And it's like one word. One word caused all the sickness, heartache, death in the world. One word. Not. Not. Whoa. Like that was a pretty good message. There was just two or three. Not. God help us. God, help us to be able to receive not not receive a man, but receive the Holy Spirit that's coming through the gifts that God's using. The brother Brown called the five-fold ministries that are on the word his army. That's what he called them. He called them his army. He called them different things. Called them stars and that, but he said they were his dress rehearsal army. But many can't receive it. just they cannot handle that part. Amen. God help us. Amen. Amen. God help us. Hallelujah. Help us not to miss, you know, a razor edge. Just think of a razor edge. Be so close. So, so close. Amen. God help us to, you know, the more you know, brother Bram said, he said, "You show me a church that's humble, really humble, truly humble and not arrogant, and I'll show you a church that's got the divine favor and power of God." And I got to say this, you know, Brother Bram said, "Anytime God blesses a man just a little bit, he gets arrogant." That's that's a trap. Watch Paul in the Bible. Watch Paul in the Bible. Who had more revelation than Paul in the Bible? He wrote all of the grace. Wrote most of the New Testament. And Jesus said, "My grace is sufficient." Jesus wouldn't heal him. And the prophet said was because he had gave him so much that Paul would have thought, "Oh, it's me." And because God left them with that little infirmity, eyesight, it kept them humble enough that God could use them. But you know what? All the people sitting in Paul's message today that day say, "Wow, if he was really anointed of God, he would accept his healing." Guess who would be lost? The people that said that. Amen. That's right. Amazing. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. God is so good. He is Lord. F. He is Lord. There is no other one. Who can Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] the [Music] He is [Music] [Applause] My love is [Music] [Applause] [Music] my hallelujah. [Music] Jesus Christ. He my [Music] heart my [Music] Oh, Jesus Christ is Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Wait until you see me made over a new. Wait until you see me made [Music] [Applause] [Music] over the [Music] is the [Music] way [Music] [Applause] Jesus might be Jesus. [Music] the way he [Music] Jesus is [Music] All [Music] [Applause] Jesus [Music] nothing Jesus. [Music]
