################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Sun. May 4, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    Sun. May 4, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker:  Dale Langstaff
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZGpGLlRVZo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] [Music] Majesty his majesty [Music] [Applause] Jesus of Jesus. [Music] of glorifying the [Music] kingsty Jesus glorify king of [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Exalt him this morning. Praise you, Lord. He is so so worthy. All of 20 is out and just good to be in his house again this morning. Just uh just have a few out. Um um brotherh brother Jeff and sister Dom, they got a couple couple little ones sick there again. So, just uh just keep them in your prayers. You know, the the devil's really been going at those little kiddos, you know, since they've moved up here and and uh doing everything he can to keep them out of the house of God. Amen. So, just uh just keep them in your prayers and u and then uh I just I got a message from or brother uh brother Matt had called me and they're just they're just out this morning. they I guess they had a scheduled power outage there and he said our our subp pump is running non-stop. So he said I kind of got to stay home to look after look after that. Amen. So just just keep them in your prayers as well and just uh just uh the Lord to be with them. Brother Bart, would you come and open in a word of prayer this morning? Praise his name. Bless you our hearts. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we humbly come before you, Lord, asking for your forgiveness, your grace, Lord. Jesus, Lord, as holy or righteous as we might think we might be in our minds, Lord, there's none holy or righteous except you, Lord. And it's only by your grace and by your divine power, Lord, that we're even worthy to come before you. Yes, Jesus. I pray, Lord Jesus, that we would each and everyone here and those that couldn't be with us for whatever reason. I pray, Lord, that we'd always put you first in all things. Pray, Lord, that you'd that we would put you first before our wives, before our family, before our sons and daughters. May you be first in all things, Lord. Have your way. Pray, Lord, that you'd be with those, Lord, that are sick and afflicted. Lord, you know, Satan is out there as a roaring line trying to downtrod, Lord, your your holy bride, and just dishearten them, Lord. But I pray Lord that they would find strength in you and that they would never give up and never give in to Satan, Lord, but that they would find strength in you and trust in you in all things. Pray Lord that you'd Yes, Jesus be with the service Lord. Pray Lord as your word is brought forth you'd speak to our hearts each and everyone and that you have something for us Lord. May you just give us ears to hear, hearts to understand, Lord in Jesus Christ may ask us these things. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Man, victory is mine. When I woke up this morning, I didn't have no doubt. Amen. When I woke [Music] up Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus on the main line. [Music] Call him up and tell him what you want. Amen. Jesus on [Music] the Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You are [Music] heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Jesus [Music] name. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to sing uh we're going to sing a new song here. Man, we just uh we're practicing this one this morning. So, I think uh I think what I'm going to do this time is uh I think I'm going to put my phone going because it uh it just helps me keep the rhythm down um for these new ones. Amen. So, [Music] just bear with me a second here, man. And so the name of this song is uh is uh my Lord is taking good care of me. Amen. So I just I really like this song and uh the family that sings it. I really uh I really appreciate some of their music. Amen. And Amen. So we're just going to we're going to learn this one. It might take us a few Sundays, but we'll we're going to learn this one. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I got up this morning and I started my day. God's mercy was with me all of the way. His goodness stayed close by to meet all my needs. My Lord is taking good care of me. We're forsaken. I'm never alone. Someday I'm moving to my brand new home. Bless beyond measure. Just look close. You'll see. My Lord is taking good care of me. I'm counting my blessings as a journey along. Good friends and a family and a place to go home. The church where I worship the Bible. My taking good care of me. Never forsake it. I never be on measure. Just look close. You'll see. I taking good care of me. When Satan comes tempting and he brings up my past, I tell him I'm forgi on Calvary now speaks for me. My Lord is taking good care. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. measure just close. You'll see me for one day. Just look close, you'll see. Taking good care. Just look close, you'll see. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Man, aren't you so glad that he's taking good care of you? Amen. Amen. We'll keep working on that one, but I just uh I wanted to sing that one this morning. Amen. So, praise his name. Man, the king is coming. The king is coming. I can hear the trumpet sound. [Music] Amen. The king is coming. The king is coming. I just heard the trumpets. I sing the [Applause] [Music] king. Praise God. [Music] [Applause] is coming. I deserve the [Applause] [Music] trumpet coming. Praise God. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. I heard the trumpet [Music] [Applause] sound. Praise [Music] [Applause] God. Amen. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I surrender, the lighter [Music] my release, the more he takes control. I can [Music] [Applause] myself. It's easier to understand this road I'm traveling. [Music] I [Music] stand to my ear and the voice I hear is yours. Every day I live. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise his name. Thank you Jesus. Amen. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. Amen. He is here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we know the words of these songs are true because your Bible says they are says that where we would gather for the purpose of worshiping you and serving you, Lord God, and hearing from you, that you would be here in our midst, Lord God. And Lord, we love and adore you, Lord God. I pray Lord God a special blessing on each brother and sister child Lord God that's represented here today and even the ones that are out for various reasons Lord God bless them bless them in a special way Lord God many different cases Lord God maybe some will be watch online Lord God may your Holy Spirit go in a supernatural way and feed that soul Lord God today And Lord, as we look into your word, you're so beautiful, Lord God. And I pray you'll you'll change me, Lord God. Change us to what we're supposed to be, Lord God. We pray. Be with the speaker, Lord God, and move them completely out of the way. Help us to see Jesus only. and be with the hearer, Lord God, and anoint their hearts that they could hear from you, Lord God. In your name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you this morning. It's good to be here and thank you musicians and Jared and Amen. just a great privilege to we love and appreciate each one of you and we know different ones are out for different reasons and and that's all right. We have to uh do what's necessary. Amen. Amen. Let's just turn to Ephesians uh 4 1-2 and we're going to carry on the same same topic. This is going to be part three and it'll just be part until God changes our parts. But uh following in the feminine spirit. Amen. Just want to look at a different part of the scriptures here. Ephesians 4 one and two. Sorry Vicki. I therefore a prisoner of the Lord. Here's Paul talking. beseech you that you walk worthily of the vocation wherein ye were called. Paul's concerned that we would be worthy of our vocation with all loneliness, meekness, with longsuffering forbearing one another in love. Help me Jesus. Help us Lord today. We love you and we bless your name. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats. You know, when God laid this continue this thought this week and I had some of this and I just when something comes to me, I just start putting things down and I add and subtract. Sometimes I take things away. And if we lived this, if I lived this, let's make it personal. If Brother Dale lived this, it'd be a different environment that I lived in. Everything in this scripture is talking about the examples of the feminine spirit. Amen. The feminine spirit is with loneliness, with meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another and love. I wonder as Paul was concerned, Paul was under the anointing of God to say, I wonder if we're worthy. I wonder if I'm worthy of the vocation that God placed in us. I mean I believe that God can help us and understand you know we would have you know we came from God and so we have to have the same characteristics of God but we have to have the feminine spirit of God and you know we're going to get into many things you know brother Brandham said God could forgive your enemy but you can't. God could love your enemy but I struggle with it. God could put up with people's shortcomings, but we judge them here in a message, humble yourself, in 63, almost the end of 63, he said, now if we looked at our wristwatch and he said, there's many instruments in there that are consolidating the whole watch to keep the correct time and it takes all of us together. I know this is like probably the most powerful statement I've heard the prophet say. If we want to see the third pull and really do something for God, it's to work in correlation with everyone of us together to humble yourself before God and confess your wrongs. and pray in God. Pray believing that God for these things if we want to see the third pull. Wow. Thank you, Vicki. In verse in paragraph 76, and you know, people want the power. I want the power of God. If you're a believer this morning, you should want the power of God. Yeah, that's right. How could you be a believer and not want what God is? If you want the power of God and really they don't know what power is. See, they don't really know what goes with it. The way up is down. That's right. Always. And if you want power, see how humble you can get. Just get out of the way from all your worldly thinking and humble yourself before God. I took some of this out between the next spirit. That's the real power. Let's go to verse 77. Paragraph 77. And you show me a church that's really humble, not arrogant. a church that's just sweet, humble church. And I'll show you a church that has the favor and power of God in it. That's right. That's the thing it takes. Humility, humbling ourselves before God and letting God do his will. Wow. I thought it was correcting people. I thought it was judging. We I thought it was showing people the word. You know, we were at we were gone for this week and we had a wonderful week, but the climax was yesterday and we went to brother Samuel Johnson's memorial. And in some cases, I seen similarities to myself, but he was much more radical than I ever was. But they said he didn't understand the concept of it's not possible. He said he never ever got a memo that we can't do this or you can't do that. He never got that memo in life. And he did many things that were impossible because he never got the memo that you can't do that. And they were saying the literally dozens of visions that he seen that came to pass. dozens and very very humble meek started hundreds of churches and you know they said when he would go to other countries he didn't go like I went I've never went nowhere where somebody didn't know me or I knew them or didn't kind of invite me or you were connected to he went to places that he didn't know one single person. There was not one single church. He just flew in, went to complete strange place, went even to tribal Indians in Honduras. And he walked in the city, there wasn't one person that recognized his face. And normally when he left, there was a charge. Amen. But we can do many things with the feminine spirit of God. That's what God planned us to be. But because we get out of our place and we become a masculine, God just sits back and waits till we get it right. He's been waiting a long time. You know in Colossians 3:15 and 12, put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved bowels of mercy and kindness, humb humbleness of mind, meekness and longsuffering. Well, they made a stupid decision. Does it matter? Not if you're long-suffering. Every person breathing has made stupid decisions. It doesn't matter. Forbearing one another. But I don't have nothing to do with it. Didn't hurt me. Oh, forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you and you weren't worthy of it, even if you were born in a message church pew, so also do you. And above all these things, put on charity. It's the bonds of perfectness. Let the peace rule in your hearts to which also ye are called in one body. And be ye thankful. Do you know we can always change the trend in our family? You know, we can always change the curse in your it not I mean if there is one in your life it's a decision. First off you have to recognize I have a problem. And then ask God to help you. Amen. You know the Bible says things like this that no man can tame the tongue. No man. He said we can tame everything in the world. jet engines, everything. But we can't tame our tongue. But God can. But God can. There's a per there's a man there's a man that can turn on the light and he can calm your tongue. He can tame your tongue. In the marriage of the lamb, the Holy Ghost is meekness, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, and gentleness, patience, and faith. And that Holy Spirit bears, you're doing beautiful, Vicki. Thank you, Lee Jesus. And that Holy Spirit bears and the church of the living God sweetness, humbleness, humility, love one for another. You know, when we were at Samuel Johnson's thing, we met hundreds of people. But, you know, there's people living in the States because they couldn't they couldn't live in Ontario because there was too much fighting. My table was full of people that used to live in Ontario. They moved away because it was too evil. And I was born in Ontario. So, I had to be part of the problem. That's a solemning thought. You wouldn't move away because of bad politics. You wouldn't move away because of masculine spirit on message believers. Just a beautiful picture. Oh, we love it. Our God is willing. Look what if what if God wouldn't have been longsuffering to you? What if the fruit of the spirit of love, joy, and peace and longsuffering? That's the that's a part of God that's in you. and forbearing one another's burdens and forgiving one another as God for Christ's sake forgave you. The spirit of God is in you and it makes you that way. You can't change if somebody's serving God properly or to your accountability or properness and you judging them won't fix nothing. Are you condemning people that fall down? That won't fix nothing. And amen. You know, here in this next scripture, uh, how do I say that, honey? Micah, am I Micah, wherewith shall I come before God with my bowels full before the high God? Shall I come before him with my tithes and offerings, burning sacrifice? Should I come before him with the biggest calf of the year? That'd be a big price today. The kids swared calves yesterday. Will the Lord that we serve be pleased with the thousands of rams and all our money or rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for my transgressions, the fruit of my body, and the sins of my soul. And he has showed the old man what is good. And what does God require of you? Is not your money. He could really care less about your biggest calf or your thousand lambs. But to do justly, and to love mercy and just walk really humble with God. Amen. Oh, be conscience. This is an influence. Oh, be conscience here. He's one thing to be conscious of is your littleness. If you want to get somewhere with God, make yourself really, really little. That's against every logical definition of the mind. I want to look at three examples in the Bible if we get to them all and and uh show you the difference between humble and a feminine spirit and a masculine one. Excuse me. We'll turn to Esther 5 and we're going to jump around here a little bit. Esther 5 1-4 and then 6-14. But are you following my Oh, beautiful. Thank you, Lord. That's God just answers prayer beautifully. It's been my desire since we ministered that you could see everything I have here. That's just Thank you, Vicki. I want to show you something that Esther had a feminine spirit. You know, if you go back farther than this example, sorry, you'll remember that when Esther was coming before the king that she never required nothing that the king didn't offer. She could have had everything, but whatever the king wanted. And the king knew what he wanted. He wanted a feminine spirit. And Esther took her own life into her hands to go before the king without and brother Paul Leontaine mentioned this just briefly right at the end. Um but watch how Esther carried herself to find favor with the king. It said you know and I'm not necessarily going to read all the scripture but she came in the house with her royal apparel on. Now that's the peril that the king would have gave her. And she stood in the inner courts of the house over against the king and sat in the throne of the royal over against the gates of the house. She she didn't barge in and dictate the atmosphere of the room. She stayed against the gates and the corner of the house. It wasn't necessarily that she couldn't have, but it was the atmosphere, the spirit that was around her was gentleness. You know, the Bible says things like this. He said, "Be careful that you don't sit on the front row and somebody more worthy come in and they have to move you to the back row to set the king here." You know, we're always the type. Well, I'm going to choose a good spot for me, not I'm going to choose a good spot for my brother or sister, and I'll take the back seat. And she obtained favor. You know, this part with the king, but I want to go to verse uh maybe three here. And then the king said unto her, "What wilt thou have, Esther?" Now, Esther could have asked for anything, and so could you. But she couldn't help herself because she just was who she was. And if we really get the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you really really are the right rib of God, the feminine spirit, then you'll just you won't be able to help yourself. You'll just be who you are. You could try to be something different, but you can't break that if you really get the spirit of God. said, "What would you have, Esther?" "Even to half my kingdom." Now, she could offer asked for some mighty, mighty big things. And brother Paul brought this out so beautifully. And Esther's like, "Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa." You know, it's like a husband say, "Honey, where you want to go?" Oh, it doesn't matter to me. Just wherever you like. What kind of Oh, it doesn't matter to me. Just blue's fine. It was the spirit that was coming out of her that the king loved. Oh, it doesn't really matter. He said, "But I'll give you everything." Oh, no, no, no. I'll be happy with a hot dog. And Esther said, you know, if it seemed good to you, like half the kingdom, you know, it'd be like I I know it's impossible to even get this through our if it'll only be God if you could, but just think like God, somebody offers you Canada and you own it. You're not leading it. You own it. You say, "Well, no. I'd rather just have church come over for supper. No, you wouldn't be human. That's right. No, like you're offered. Enormous wealth. Oh, well, if would you just would you come over for supper Tuesday night? Would that be okay? And the king on said on Tesser like really Hello. You know, and then we go to verse six. And the king said unto Esther at the banqueting table. Now they're there. And he said, "Now, what's your petition?" Like, "It shall be granted to you up to half my kingdom." She's like, "Oh, oh, would you come back next week for supper?" Yeah. the king's sake. Huh? But let's just watch this here. Watch how she says it in verse eight. If you think I'm exaggerating. If I found favor with you, king, and if it would please you and it you would be okay with it, would you grant my petition and just come for supper? And he's like, really? Like that's it? Wow. But watch the difference in verse nine. We have a new character coming on the scene. Then went Hmon forth that day joyful and glad. And when he saw Moriah in the king's gate, he and he didn't stand up. He said, didn't shake my hand. Walked right by me. Never even nodded. Because he had a masculine spirit. It bubbled in [Music] him. Couldn't happen with a feminine spirit. Feminine spirit. I I wouldn't I don't care. I don't care a lick. Make no difference to me. Because see, a feminine spirit is just free. It's a follower. And Mori never moved. And Hmon was full of indignation. I'm going to get you. Yeah. Uh-huh. You've all went to church with some people like that in the past. I pray. Nevertheless, Hmon reframed himself. It was hard. He said, "I'll wait till next Sunday." And when he came home, watch the difference in the spirit. And when he came home, he sent and he called his friends and and his wife. And Hmon with this masculine spirit told them. Now, I just want to back up. Like, who has more glory? The queen or a servant? Who was bragging about their glory? Not Esther. And Aman said, "I'm rich. I have multip kids wherein the king hath promoted them. And he said, "And how he's advanced me above all the princes and the servants of the king. Hmon was tooting his own horn." Well, I'm a message believer. I'm not part of that harlot system. I believe the truth. That's good. But your spirit's wrong. You know, Brother Brham said that we were the change in God's pocket. And we talked about this at the pastor's event. You know, this will make you fall right over. You know, I I just intersect with the story here. There was a pastor at the waist retreat and uh one of the sisters in the church married a Pentecostal person from the Pentecostal church. And it must have been a real believer because the Pentecostal man started coming with his wife to the message church. And lead us to say the Pentecostal pastor was just slightly disturbed. And the pastor was present with us. He said, "Oh boy, what am I going to do?" And that was his attitude. Oh boy, how are we going to fix this? Now, you could he could have said, "Oh boy, he's coming to the right church because we have all the answers." No, he didn't say that. He said, "Oh boy, how am I going to not offend him? cuz the Bible says that a man offended is harder to conquer than a wall city. And so the Pentecostal pastor got sick and he asked the brother in the church, he said, "Will you take me and we'll go visit him?" And he apologized bitterly to the pen, watch this. He apologized bitterly to the Pentecostal pastor for the brother coming and seeing the truth in the message church. And he said I you know just he said you know he was trying to win his heart. So when he was there he said I you know I take really good care of them. He invited the Pentecostal pastor. He said, "Come to our church and preach on Sunday." Now, some message believers would have said, "Wow, you got a Jezebel in the pulpit." The end of the story is he's been at the Pentecostal church more than he's got his own church preaching for him because he had a feminine spirit. see how he handled that situation. And so now the Pentecostal came and preached and repeatedly said multiple times, I'm there ministering in the Pentecostal church because he had, you know, see with with our masculine spirit, we will not add one soul to the kingdom of God. because I'm rigid, ignorant, rude, stuck up, and right if I'm on the word of God, won't add one soul to the kingdom of God. Cuz the spirit is wrong. See, God chose his wife, his bride to win souls. Not him. Not him. He chose his wife because she's like, "Oh, will you come for supper?" Verse 12. And Hmon said, "Moreover, yay, this Esther Queen, she does let nobody else come to her supper except me and the king. I must be important." See, he's tooting his own horn. The Bible says, we're going to get to a scripture down that says, "He that exalteth himself will be abased." And Hmon sure did get abased. Oh, bless God. Got it. Got to come in under me. Careful. Bless God. You got to see everything I seek. careful. Amen. Because Hmon was tooting his own horn so much, his family decided to build a gallows for his enemy. And now if we go to Esther 6 and we just go down here uh let's just go to Esther uh 6 and verse 6. You know above this you know the king couldn't rest and so people were reading the history books and they had realized that Moriah had been kind to the king. Now I want you to realize that Moriah was a slave and a beggar both. So he had no reason to be nice to, you know, a government that he didn't like, but he still was. Cuz see, Morai had a feminine spirit on him. And so the king realized that he hadn't been rightfully thanked for his kindness in protecting the king. So when we get to verse six here, Hmon comes into the king and he's walking like really like I'm a bakeshot. And the king says, "Hmon, what would you do to somebody that you would the king would delight to honor?" And Hmon, because he had a masculine spirit, was convinced it was him. The reason he was convinced was because of multiple reasons. Number one, he had the wrong spirit. But number two, he was the only one that was invited for supper. He was the one that the king had promoted with favor and and everything was going his way. Nobody had nobody had crossed his path and or and nobody had you know uh disagreed with his doctrine and you know the church had grown to a thousand people and and and here Jesus says, "Hmon, just just picture if if Hmon was your pastor and and the church was just thriving and and and God comes out and says, "Hmon, what would you do with somebody you'd want honor in Well, he says, "And Hmon tells him his heart," which was evil, by the way. And he says, "You know, I would dress him up and I'd put all these things on. I ro him in the carriage and and have great delight and have his servants tell that this who the king wants honor." He said, "Okay, go do that to Moriah." And it crushed him. It crushed him greatly because when Hmon in verse 13 when he come down and told his wife and his friends everything that had befallen him, he said his wise men and his wife Morai this, you know how he had had to honor these people and then he rushed out because he had to go to another dinner. So he thought things were going to improve. And let's just go to Esther 7 and verse one. And here, so the king and Hmon are at the second supper of Esther's. Now, she could have asked for everything, but she just asked for company. And the king said again to Esther the second time at the banquet day and the wine he said what is your petition queen that I should grant to you your request up to half my kingdom riches and glory. And Esther answered she said verse three. Sylvester answered and said, "If I found favor in thy sight, oh king, look at how gentle she is." Oh, if it'd be okay. Maybe. And it if it pleased you, save my life. Save my life. The king almost passed out. You're my queen. If it pleases you and if it would be okay with me for me to save your life. What are you talking about? For let my life be given as my petition and my people at my request. For we are sold, and I and my people are to be destroyed and slain and to perish. And the king was stunned. You know who had sold her people out? You know who was going to destroy and slay their people? the masculine spirit, the proud, the arrogant, the bigheaded, the I I I, the me. Here, Brother Bram says an influence. He says, "Oh, be conscious of your littleness. And if you want to find out how great you are, put your finger in a pool of water or a bucket of water and just pull out your finger and try to find your finger. You ain't nothing at all. Always be conscious of your littleness. First Peter, and we're going to go into another character, but I want to lay some scriptures here. And some of these quotes I read are directly tied to the scriptures. 1 Peter 5 5 and 6 and Vickiy's putting them up there beautifully. Thank you very much. Likewise, ye younger, submit yourself unto your elders. You know, when Brother Bram's wife slammed the door on Brother Bram, God didn't like that. And when you say something rude to your parents or somebody older than you, God don't like that. That's right. God don't like that. He don't like that at all. And their angel gets his feathers all fluffered up. Yeah. You know, if you say something rude and disgusting to these little cute kids, the Bible says, the Bible says that God has an angel that watches over them. And that angel could make hamburger out of you so quick. Because in God's eyes, they're equal. But we say rude things to old people. Oh, you spilled your food again. And we say rude things to young people. Oh, you spilled your food again. But God had an angel. I was watching those people. Ye, all of you be subjective one to another. be clothed in humility. I mean, that's you're packing it pretty regular. For God resisteth the proud and giveth grace unto the humble. Wow. That means if you have the truth for our day and the right message for our day. And God has blessed you in amazing grace with the correct revelation and took the seals off the Bible and revealed all the secrets to you and you're arrogant. You're going to hell. You say he said he resisted you. Now, if he resisted you, how could you go to heaven? Resisted. You know, we got news. Our neighbors are moving. They got something that many of us don't have. They got something maybe I don't even have. And they go to a Pentecostal church. It's the truth. They got the right spirit. They've done more for this church property since they moved next door than any person in this building, including myself. And they were attending the Baptist church and they paid tithe to me. But if you see them, the immediate thought comes out to your you judge them because they look different. And in the judgment, you could be very surprised. Could be extremely surprised that we think what we see with our eyes and our logic and our man's mind. You know, the Bible says that the creeds and your mind and the dogmas of men have made the power of God to none effect. Wow. God resisted the pals. Give grace to the humble. Humble yourself therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt thee in due time. Well, I'm already arrived. You might be just right before an abase. A direct quote to that scripture. Brother Bram said in demonology of religion, he said, "A humble submitted heart and simplicity is what brings you to God." Oh, I thought it was the word. I thought it was the correct doctrine. A humble and submitted heart and simplicity brings you to God. Now, if you have that, it'll bring you to the correct word. I'm not. But if you have the correct word and you don't have the other, you don't pad your back cuz you might be surprised. And the true humble heart, God loves. No matter if you know your ABCs, it don't make no difference. Just be humble. God dwells in the human heart. And the lower you can break yourself down and the more simple you can become. The greater in God's sight you are. Do we believe that? Here if you want to get somewhere with God and humble thyself, never let an arrogant spirit get on you. Remember, God loved you. I'm dropping down further in the paragraph. God loved you when you were in sin. And if the spirit of God's in you, you'll love another person when he's been wronged. Say, "Bless God, they don't have a revelation." What you still love them. You love and forgive them regardless of if they ever get it. when you're still alive. James 4:6 and 7. But he giveth more grace. Therefore he saith God resisteth the proud and giveth grace unto the humble. Submit yourselves therefore before God. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. Matthew 23:12. And whosoever shall exalt him exalt himself shall be abased. Be careful preaching the doctrine that you're so blessed that you know the revelations of God because it might be right before an obeasing coming and he shall and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted in questions and answers. Isn't this just the way Isn't that just the way that people get today? Let God bless some fellow and put a little confidence in him. God would put a little confidence in us and he would get a know-it-all spirit. He would change his spirit. You know, like you you think of that in your own household, a a true feminine spirit, they never you know, my wife has a fault. You know, we go out to the restaurant and she pays and we get in the car and she says, "Thanks for buying lunch." I see. I didn't pay. You got a job. I don't. And normally I say then, "Well, thank you Jesus for buying lunch." But you see how the feminine spirit's just like, "Well, it doesn't matter to me." If we serve God like, "Well, God, it don't matter how you take care of your kingdom. We know you will. You promise you'd never lead us. Leave us." But watch how this in this continuing this uh this quote here in questions answer. So, God has a hard time trying to get somebody that he can deal with that'll stay humble and meek and stay in the place until God calls him to do something. He wants to become some great person that I do what I me me my I ours. And that's the wrong attitude. That's what the prophet said. God's hunting for somebody who he can bless and pour out his blessings, more and more blessings, and the man will just get littleer and littleer and littleer and littleer. And you'll never get more of God until you become nothing. Well, bless God. I got saved a long time ago. I sat under. So, but I went to So, You'll never become no more with God till you become nothing. You got to belittle. Watch this. Belittle yourself. And then he will exalt himself. And he that will exalt himself, sorry, God will bring a base. And he that will humble himself, God. You know, I would rather be exalted by God than be exalted by myself. You know, when you have believers around you and you don't have to tell them nothing and people come up praising, you know, or behind your back rather than saying how how arrogant you are, they go behind your back and say, "Now there's a real believer. Now there's a real sister." And you know when the words going, you wait a minute now. I just came from a large pastor's wife's retreat. There's pastors people said, you know, there's people sitting in the church and they're just smiling and and their spirits just like that's so beautiful. It's because of humility. And the pastors that are preaching to those kind of people, they say, "Wow, do I ever got some real sons and daughters of God because other people will recognize the spirit that God placed in them. You got to get little before you can get big. And you'll never be big in your own self. Oh, nobody believes that. I mean, well, nobody practice. Very few practice it. Who don't want to be seen as worthy in public? Huh? You'll only be as big as God will be as big in you. Amen. God help us. Luke 14:11. And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be a base. Whosoever shall humble same as Matthew humble himself shall be exalted. Let's just move into another example. And we have another one. Matthew 15:22 to 24. Here we see a a woman from Canaan. And Jesus was actually on the journey. If you read this in Matthew 15, he was on the journey to somebody's house to heal their daughter. And this woman caught the heart of God. But it was her humbleness that caught the heart of God. and she came from the same coast and she cried unto him,"Lord have mercy on me, thou son of David, for I'm vexed with the devil." And he God ignored her. I I want to just tell you personally, if if any one of us treated each other or if I treated you like Jesus treated this woman, you wouldn't come next Sunday. No. And I don't think I would come next Sunday either, be quite honest with you. So, I'm just as human as anybody else. If my wife treated me like this, I would have difficulties. But see, Jesus was doing this to show a spirit. See, a feminine spirit can be squashed and they still just it it's the truth. Many of you wives were blamed for stuff you never had nothing to do with. Unless your home's different than mine, cuz I had to get converted a lot of times. Amen. A lot of times. But now you just think of that spiritually. And if we go to verse 26, and he said, "It is not meat to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." And she said, you know, the scripture said, "Yes, Lord, but the dogs eat the crumbs." Now, let's look at what the prophet said of this. If we just jump to the next quote here, he says, "No matter what the obstacles were, she kept her faith. She never ever left the faith. She held on to it. And the next here in perseverance, he said, "She admitted to Jesus that I'm just a dog." Wow. A dog's pretty low life. The prophet said, "She admitted she wasn't nothing but a dog, but she was just after some crumbs. You know, if we serve God in our church, like saying we're nothing but the least of a little tiny gathering, you know, but God, if you just stop by, just just give us a little tiny bit of yourself. Woo! Now, see, oh, what the difference was. She was pushed back. She was shoved back. She was shoved out and put outside. But she never give up. See what I said about the feminine spirit. You can you can insult a fe your wife and she'll still cook you breakfast. You can tell her she burnt the breakfast and she might give you lunch. It's it's a re it's a resounding spirit. You you offend a masculine spirit and say, "I'll teach you a lesson." I'll get even with you. I'm not talking to you. I ain't coming by there again. Not a masculine spirit. Every one of you mothers in here, your kids could do anything to you at all. Insult you bitterly and it it it would barely barely give you a hiccup. You just like, "Oh, boo. Oh, boo." But they'd insult their dad just like, "I'm going to rewrite the will." Yeah. It's as different as the night is from day. Wow. Here in the end of this quote, Brother Bram says, "Don't take too high of a seat. Take a back seat." Just no, not in church. He's not talking about he means in life. He says, "Just a little person. The way up is down always. He that humbles himself shall be exalted and he that exalts himself shall be abased. That's up is down always. Luke 18:14 we see everyone that exalts himself shall be a base and some of these were doubles here sorry or or saying the same thing. Hebrews 16:18, "The proud goeth before destruction, and a hotty spirit before a fall. Better is it to be of a humble spirit with lowliness than divide the spoils of the proud." Proverbs 18:12, before destruction, the heart of a man is hotty, but before honor is humility. It It's such a reverse psychology. You know, my last character in the Bible, I want to show you the exact two spirits again. You know, in the day of King Uzziah, he was a man of God. And it it would behoove us all to study Hezekiah tremendously because he was a man of God at a young age 16 and and uh different scriptures here. But it he did right in the sight of the Lord. The Bible said and the Bible literally says that they made God made him to prosper in verse four. and he became strong in verse 16 in uh 2 Colossians 26 and verse 16. And when he was strong in his heart, he became lifted up to his destruction. How many times does that happen in our own lives? You know, brother Bram said multiple time I mentioned this in the past, you know, and in study and brother Bram said, "The reason that we lose faith in God is because God don't move in the way that we prayed. if if he don't answer it in the time frame or or in the in the way. And so here King Hezekiah was a man of God that had favor with God and God was pleased with him and God blessed him and he became arrogant and he went in the tabernacle and he started offering incense. And you know the story, I know you do. And the ministers, the Levites came and they said, "You know, King, we love you. Live forever, but you're out of your place." And King Hezekiah was wroth. You will never see, watch this church, you can't show one scripture in the Bible where a feminine spirit was ever wroth. It's not possible. He was wroth at the plan and the law of God. The very God that had blessed him and was pleased with his life and had put him in a position. He'd get high and lifted up and arrogant and cocky and God was about to knock the staples out from underneath of them. And literally in the hotty spirit and the the haste of his attitude attacking the ministry, God struck him with leprosy. Maybe we'll read that. Let's just go in uh You got that up there, Vicki? 2 Colossians 26. I've just been following down. you've been doing fantastic. And verse 17, and the priests went after him and and and said to the king, four score the priests, four priests went to him and said, the Lord that that you are valiant men. You're you're a wonderful king. Verse 18, and they withtood King Hezekiah and said unto him, it apparent not unto thee. The king was doing something that the ministry was to do. And if you watch the end of that script scripture, it says, "Neither shall thou thou thou honor be honored from God." And verse 19, "And King Hezekiah was wroth and had a a a sensor in his hand to burn incense. And while he was wrought, the priests wrought with God's people. That in this case, the king was wroth with the ministry. But how can God be wroth with God? If you're wroth with somebody else that's in God's family, the people will literally watch you turn to leprosy because in the in the presence of him being wroth to the ministry, his countenance changed and leprosy grew on him. You say, "Well, my skin's clean." It can be spiritual leprosy. And it was eternal separation from God. And there was a prophet in that day, Isaiah. And he was so influenced and shook by this presence of the king and how God dealt with him and all that. Do you know Isaiah wrote the middle book of the Bible? He wrote 66 chapters, which is every book of the Bible. And he literally wrote the story of the Bible from the beginning to end in one book. And the king or the prophet Isaiah, he ran to the temple and he seen the Lord filled the temple, the train. And you know it tells the scriptures here in Isaiah 6 1:5 he the king was dead now and he ran to the scripture and the prophet seen the tabernacle of the Lord was filled with the train of the Lord and the saraphims were in there and you know they talked about their wings but they had six wings and one wing two of the wings they covered their face and two wings that covered their feet and two they didn't move. And in verse four is the most beautiful scriptures because the prophet ran to the house of God and was crying out and said, "I am, you know, among evil men and and I'm undone." And you know the story, they took the coal off the fire and burn his lips. Literally the power of God fell in the place like a fog, like a smoke. And the smoke was so powerful in the temple that it moved the anchor post on the corner. And watch here in our next quote of the prophet, it says the the first thing that happened was the presence of God was reverence. If you want anything from God, you're going to be reverent. You start dictating to your dad how much you're going to get in the out of his bank account. you possibly could get a surprise. And the very second thing was the angels had humility, were humble, and they covered their feet. And watch what watch what the prophet says here. He says, "Oh, look at how God was preparing preparing his prophets in reverence, humility, and in action." And that's God's ways. The servants are oh my. That's the way we should be. Reverence to God's word, humble and in action for God. Now watch how he shows us here. He says, "Like Moses in his presence, he took off his shoes and uncovered his feet." And I like the next one best. Paul when he was found in the presence of Jesus, we we get this religious idea in our head. Paul when he was found in the presence of Jesus in the pillar of power, he fell on the ground off his feet and he put his face where his feet were supposed to be. Can you imagine if message believers in churches would would be so consumed with the presence of God that where we put our feet on the floor that we would have our face and our feet would be above our face. Do you see what he says there? And where his feet should have been, he had his face and humility completely prostrated. before the Holy Spirit. John the Baptist, one of the greatest prophets, 400 years, he said, "I'm not worthy to even touch the shoelaces of his feet." And we walk around sometimes around our brothers and sisters with not the same spirit. Infl and and in the next quote here in influence he says now if you don't have any reverence to God everybody just thinks he was so secure till they didn't reverence God like they should have. Why? Now I I want you to catch this. Why God always veiled himself in badger skin? Why do people not reverence each other? Because of the veil. Because they're not conscience of the presence of God. Watch this. Now, this is a powerful quote near the bottom there. And that's the reason people do that. They don't recognize it. They can't comprehend that they're in the presence of God. Now, anytime you get a hotty spirit or anybody or a dictatorial spirit, a masculine spirit against another brother or sister, even though you think you're right and they're wrong, watch what he says. In their mind, they become so perverted to take up things of the world till they didn't even pay attention to it. And they would go to church, sure, but they didn't recognize when they went to church that they were in the presence of God. And not only church, but wherever you are, you're in the presence of God. And if they could do like David said, I put the Lord always before my face, therefore I shall not be moved. Wow. I want to close with a a couple illustrations here. You know the story of the real drunk man that was in the bar. I personally experienced that. Not I mean personally, but I personally know somebody in Uganda was like that. A sister at brother Leo's church. his her husband is a policeman and he will go to the bar and preach drinking liquor. He'll say, "The only religion, the only God that's real is the God that my wife serves." And I'll tell you in advance, it's not because she has a masculine spirit. It's because she's a feminine. And you know the story how this goes. I just have it pre-thode. But all the other friends in the bar, they said, "Nope." They said, "There is no real believers." You know, if just in case you don't know that, that's the state that the world's in today. And that's the reason this church is mostly empty cuz nobody believes that there even is a God, cuz they ain't never seen a God. And don't think they're thinking of the spirit God. They're thinking of something real. They're thinking of a god with flesh in which is in his bride. And the husband was a complete loser, sinner. And the husband was a complete loser. But he knew one thing that there was a feminine god in his wife. And he said, "We'll go home and be real drunk. real real real really really drunk and we're going to smash everything. That would lose most of us right there. And I'll prove to you. And she cooked them the only food they had in the house cuz he was an alcoholic and tried to cook the breakfast how he liked it and he smashed it on the floor and you know how it goes. And they went outside trying to now he's proven a point but he's a loser trying to prove a point. And she started singing must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free. There's a cross for everyone. And there's a cross for me. And their church grew a whole bunch. And their church grew a whole bunch. Brother Bram tells a story about the minister that went up and he had it all put together and he went up real arrogant and the spirit of God never came down on his service and he left really deflated. And there was a minister there and he said if he would have went up like he came down, he would have came down like he went up cuz he thought he was. You can't change the program of God. I want to show you something and I I want to say this in a correct way and I'm closing. We get so well maybe I shouldn't say we maybe I I get so arrogant in my way of thinking that I wouldn't even consider another thought. Is there other any other humans here? There's a few humans. Okay. Then you would do the same thing. Only if you're a human. It's a special gift. Let me give you an example. We were somewhere this week among believers. And it came up that one of the people had mentioned that America has never went to the moon. I don't care what your thoughts are in that. It's not about that. I'm trying to prove a point here. And somebody contacted that person. You said, "You're not one of those crazy people that believe that we never did go there." And somebody else sitting around the same table said, "Well, I suppose you've met those flat earth people that believe the earth is on stilts." or the ones that believe that the government is fraying spray out of the airplanes over our skies. Or and it went on and it was on and I was in that presence and that spirit's so arrogant. That spirit's so arrogant that they wouldn't even consider the possibility. The spirit of arrogance wouldn't even consider that maybe the way I was raised or maybe the way that I've always believed I don't mean the message now the interpretation of the truth like God's right. But they wouldn't even consider that the interpretation of God, let me rephrase it that way, was wrong. And that's exactly how God will destroy America because they are so full of themselves. The boon's going to pop with a needle called God. Now, it's not because I don't like Americans. I just My wife's an American, by the way. It's the spirit and the Bible says that if you are exalted by yourself, just let this sink in, that God will pop your balloon. And you might wonder why I brought that up, but I had a family that used to attend here on a regular basis. 45 minutes from here. He's come here with his kids, extended family, other people in his town. He was from Elsie Craig. And I had two evangelists that I have respect for today. And they laughed at him because he thought the earth was flat. And he's not here now. He's not here now. We have no business laughing at people. We have no business laughing at people. If somebody has a thought, leave it alone. Leave it alone. If they ask your opinion, fine. Now, that's scripture because the Bible says somebody that's offended is harder to win back than a Walt City. And so God was trying to win a soul. But the ministry was so locked in their man's ideas that they removed the power of God and the man left the church. That's right. Because the creeds and dogmas of men made the word of God to none effect. Whose blood will that friend of mine be on? Be careful how you insult people because you could be insulting God. God. Remember, David was runy and ugly and stinky and had no beauty or brains. And God said, "He was a man after my own heart." And Jesus came and he had no beauty that would desire him. And people thought he was You see, and that spirit has not died. Matter of fact, that spirit's not even in the denominational churches. It's in the message churches to insult people and laugh at people because they're ideologically look or are different. That's right. than you think. Let's stand. Hallelujah. God help me to be what he made me to be. And in Genesis 1:26 and 27, he took the feminine part of himself out of himself and he sent that feminine part of himself to earth and he veiled it in flesh and said those people will win my kingdom. Amen. Sheltered safe from the arms of God. I feel the touch of hands so kind and [Music] tender. They lead in me and pass that I was strong. I am the [Music] Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] might be [Music] the shall I Oh [Music] [Applause] my [Music] [Applause] god. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] And I [Music] be I just like to share something that came to me I felt to to share. Brother Bram said that God's children are like loose change in your pocket. And he said God uses all of the change. And it's not our business to decide who's a silver dollar and who's a 50 cent piece or a quarter, nickel or dime and even a penny. And in that quote, and I'm just paraphrasing, Brother Bram said, "If you run into a penny that does not even believe the truth, don't kick it out because God will use that penny for his kingdom." Amen. [Music] That would just kind of lower the bars of us all having an opinion of God's money. God uses all of his money. And if you're a dime or a nickel, you're still valuable. You're still a dime or a nickel. And it takes a dime and nickels to make a dollar. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we love you. Thank you, Lord, for your your atmosphere and your anointing and presence in this place. Kind of a different type of a message, Lord God. We never know how you'll move, Lord Jesus, but we accept you and love you. Bless these wonderful, amazing people. They're yours, Lord God. You paid the price on Calvary and we're just part of your family and we're so h happy to be a part of the family. And Lord, we just pray that we won't remove any of the family because they're watching the sheep. Help us not to remove any of the family because they're short and runny and they smell like sheep. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you this morning. The Lord
