################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Sun. June 22, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Sun. June 22, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker: Dale Langstaff
Church:  Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptq5i7PyYTI
========================================

[Music] Touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. Praise his name. That's what we come to do this morning is reach out and touch him. Amen. We just uh just so thankful to be in his house this morning and just uh just praise his name for the opportunity to be here. Amen. So we just uh just welcome each one of you as we have some brother Steve and brother Brammy with us. Just very good to have his brothers with us and had him out to the farm this week and just got to meet our brother and just uh just very good to have you this morning. Amen. So, Amen. Well, we uh don't have any written prayer requests, but uh just uh remember uh Brother Elliott, he uh he got banged around this week. He just uh we're sorting some cows and uh he just was in the wrong place at the wrong time, man. So, just uh he's kind of walking stiff this morning, but uh just uh just keep him in your prayers this week and that and u and just uh Julie and the the kids are going to send a van load down to Tri-State uh later on today. So just uh just that the Lord would just keep them safe on the road and just that uh they would just uh have a good time down there in the word. Amen. So Amen. Amen. So we'll ask brother Tim just to come and open in a word of prayer this morning and invite him in our midst. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we just thank you this morning just for this opportunity to come out into your house, Lord, and just to come before your throne and just to hear from you today. Lord, we just want to worship you this morning and just open our hearts up to you, Lord, and would you just be pleased to meet with each one of us and just draw us all closer to you and just take care of all our needs, Lord. We pray these things in your precious name, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. There's something in my soul like a stream running down. Amen. [Music] There's something in my soul like a stream running. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Amen. Satan's like a roaring roaring [Music] The Bible tells us [Music] [Applause] Jesus [Music] [Applause] is all coming. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Gater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he is in the world. Praise his name. Oh, that man from Galilee. He's done so very much for me. [Music] in a manger long ago. I know it's really a child was born to save me from their sins. Christ the crucify. [Music] Amen. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. on the sea life was made to Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise his name. We love him this morning. Amen. and he is so so wonderful. Amen. We're going to we're going to sing that new song again. He will hold me fast. We've uh we've sang it a few times now, but uh Amen. Praise his name. I just love the words of this song. Amen. When I fear my faith would fail, Christ will hold me fast. When the temp would prevail, he will hold me fast. I could never keep my heart through my fearful for my love is on. He will be fast. He will be fast. He will be fast for my S. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Christ will hold me. Precious in his holy son. He will hold me fast. He my name, my soul. His promises by him will be [Applause] [Music] all. He will always for my Savior loves me so he will hold me fast. [Music] For my life he bled and will hold me fast. Justice has been satisfied. He will hold me fast. Praise with him to end his life. He will hold me fast. Our faith is turning [Music] [Applause] and he will be He will for my savior loves me so he will hold me fast. [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Those words are so so wonderful. Amen. Praise his name. And Lord, I lift your name. Amen. Lord, my heart can grow. [Music] So, far away. And yet for me, all still. Thank you, Jesus. Praise your name. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] A [Music] heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Jesus [Music] Christ. [Music] Even when we don't feel good, he's still good. Amen. John 10:7. Amen. And I want to preach on something that has been on my heart for a while and and uh this is going to be a probably a part one of part two. I believe next week we'll preach on it the same thing. But uh just God wants to make sure we understand him correctly. I think I believe that. Amen. And I want to preach on grace. Amen. John 10:7-11. And then Jesus said unto them again, verily, verily, I say unto you, that I am the door of the sheep, and all whoever came be thieves and robbers, but the sheep do not hear them. But I am the door, and by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pastures. Lord Jesus, we pray that you'll add the blessing to your word this morning. Bless your bride. And Lord God, just be a man ministering, Lord God, but may it be your your thoughts from heaven. and may somehow the hearer pick up that spirit of what you're trying to say to us, Jesus. And we give you the glory and honor for it in your name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Amen. I want to read that verse 9 again. Here's Jesus talking. He said, "I am the door and by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved." Period. Amen. Amen. And he shall go in and out and find pastures. You know, let's just look over to lay a foundation a bit. And and this, you know, I it it's it's it just really the message really grew when you look into the mercy and grace of God is just it's just overwhelming in our day. But Romans 8:33 and 34, whom shall lay anything to the God's elect? It's God that justify you. We We need to be really careful with that because if brothers and sisters don't measure up to your own personal conviction, you need to just leave it alone. Amen. And it's all right. We all have our own personal convictions. You might like wearing a white shirt on Sunday or you might like, you know, something like that. You might not like wearing a watch on Sunday or whatever. And if God give you that conviction, you hang on to it. You go to your grave with it. But don't share it to me. Don't share it to me. Watch this. Who is he that condemnth? Wow. It is Christ that died, not you. Ra, yay. Rather, it's he's raised again. And who even is at the right hand of God, which we know that's power, who also maketh intercession for us. Who shall lay any? Who shall who is he that condemnth? You know, if we're not careful as Christians and believers, you know, we can go out and and have parties and and fellowship, and we should. We should do that all the time. You can't fellowship too much with believers. You should learn to be yearn to be together with believers. But if we're not careful, the conversation will turn because we're in flesh bodies and we're humans and we have our our own convictions are dear to us. It will turn to somebody that don't have the same convictions as us. That's right. And we mention it that their conviction is different than us. Yeah. Do you know that in the Bible it was God that told Peter, I said, "Blessed are you, Simon by Jonah, for flesh and blood didn't reveal this unto you, but my father which is in heaven, and upon this rock of revelation will I build my church." You know, you can't show nobody nothing except God do it. It's God's revelation to anybody. Okay? So, you God's got this huge family and they're all on different levels. But they're still God's family. You know, there's different levels in heaven. There's servants in heaven and there's the the the queens in heaven and there's all these different things that'll be in heaven, but they're still in heaven. Who is he that condemnth? It was Christ that died. Yeah. Like, I wonder if Brother Dale would condemn somebody that Christ died for, what Christ would think of that. I know I've been guilty of that in the past. 100%. And I imagine if you're breathing this morning, if possible, you might have not have been as guilty as I have been many times. But probably if you're breathing maybe even once or twice in your life, you might have crossed that line, too. You know, let me read what the prophet said. He said, "Now works are fine, but they don't save you." And he said, "They don't make you perfect. It's Christ or parish." And he said, "It's not even Christ and my works." Watch this. I'm going to I'm going to go out on a limb here. This ain't to offend you. I I believe 100% that God sent a message in this age that blessed us above every age in the Bible and sent a prophet and revealed himself perfectly. But it's not even Christ and this message. Even those message is Christ. Because there will be people in heaven that don't believe this message, it'll be in heaven. That's right. There's people that go through the tribulation that don't believe this message and they're going to be in heaven. There were the ones in Revelation 7 that John said, "Who are who are this huge multitude that got white robes?" And brother Bam said, John didn't know them because they weren't Jews. They were the people that you meet in the grocery store. And they love Jesus as much as the revelation God took them to. And they may go through the tribulation, but they're going to be sitting in heaven right beside you. Yeah. And we say, "Bless God, they don't believe what I believe." Who is he that condemnth? Did you die for them? He said, "It's Christ alone. The age began years ago." And uh and it was Christ. They didn't believe in Christ as a full reality. And it does not. And and so when they would worship God, it was it's nothing but the blood. They wouldn't sing like that. They would sing it's nothing but the blood and my conduct. But that's not true. Amen. Now, I'm going to shock you. And if and if this offends you, I can I mean you if you're here today, you need to be here next Sunday. Amen. cuz I can't pin down every clarifications. You know, Brother Bram said multiple times that the people that give their life in the tribulation were part of the bride. He didn't say that we sink nothing but the blood in this message. All the rest is lost. No. That means 144,000 wouldn't be saved. That means there wouldn't be no foolish version. That would mean there'd be none to go in the tribulation. And so we rate people based on their belief. And God don't like that. That's why he put it, why are you condemning? I was the one that died. Yeah, that's right. He said, "I believe in good conduct. I believe in holiness." And you know, salvation is not Jesus plus. It's Jesus alone. Period. It's just Jesus. It's Jesus they nailed on the cross. That's right. Salvation is of the Lord from start to finish. Yes, sir. That's right. From start to finish, it's salvation. is God's. And you know, in Genesis 1:26 and 27, we came from the sight of God. God made us in his image. I want to show you something. If we're in the image of God, then Christians of all stages have to have the characteristics of God. Now, you see in the Bible that even God, that's why that's why you shouldn't be too hard on yourself. If you condemn somebody, God will forgive you. Because you know in the Bible, God condemned people one time. Even God did and they were his chosen elect people. Uhoh, I'm losing some of you. God cursed the children of Israel in the wilderness and he said they're nothing but a bunch of religious stiff neck and a whole bunch of stuff. I'm way ahead of my notes cuz I'd get lost finding it. And Moses stepped in the gap and he said, "God, if you're going to kill the children of Israel, you're going to kill me, too." That's right. But we wouldn't say that today. We'd say, "Well, they don't go to our church." What' you expect? Oh, we'd say, "Well, they don't believe the prophet and how I believe it. So, what do you expect? Of course, God's going to kill them." Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. In that scripture, Brother Brennham said that Moses, now you better be sitting down because you're going to fall down when I tell you this. Moses. Moses. And he never had the Holy Ghost. It wasn't given yet. Had a better thought than God. And that was to save people. You know, I'm going to give you a really new idea. Christians shouldn't be murderers. That's right. That's a very new thought, Brother Steve. Christians are not supposed to go around seeing how they could kill. You know, brother B said the only thing with value in this world is souls. I don't care if they believe it like you believe it. Souls. The Bible says if you believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, ye shall be saved. Period. Oh, you might not go in the rapture. I believe the message believers will go in the rapture or whatever. But the B you can't contradict the Bible. That's right. You know, brother Bam said soul winning is the only value in the world. Your whole life should be to win souls. He never said to message believers. Do you know people came to brother Brandham and they came to him, they said, "We're going to we're going to disassociate with you cuz you let a man sit on the platform that was a sinner." And he said, 'Oh, I'm sorry. He said, 'Who was it?' And they said, 'Well, it was this Baptist preacher, and he's baptized in the Trinity, and he's not baptized. The Bible says if you're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. I believe that. But don't put God in the box because brother Bram was a prophet and he forced he could see into that man's heart and he looked at that hypocrite and he said that man has the baptism of the Holy Ghost. How's that possible? He had a trinity baptism. Yeah. One man was drawing him out of the circle. Yeah. And brother Brandham was drawing him in the circle. And he was a trinitarian. And brother Bram said he had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Even brother D would choke on that a little bit. Yeah. Who is he that condemnth? You know what brother said in that quote? He said, "You can draw me out of your circle, but I'm just going to draw another circle and I draw us all back in together." Amen. You know, we got we we we got this spirit of of kill in our ranks. I don't care the people that go to the Baptist church or the people's church or or the Pentecost. Praise God they go there. They may be go, you know, they can't come to a revelation different than what Christ gave them. It's impossible. So if they came here, they'd just be a hypocrite cuz they would just be putting on a tie. Oh, it's choking me this morning. What's that mean? If God called them to be in the Baptist church, praise God, they're in the Baptist church. Le Oh, I get it. We're in a competition. We want to have the most numbers. Oh, popularity. That's it. We want to be more. You know, you're going to fall down in the next two weeks. The stuff I'm going to show you that the prophet said and the Bible, I just want to give you just jump way ahead and tell you grace is still available in full flow. In full flow. There is more grace in this world than the world could ever use. There's more mercy in this world than will ever be used. And to put it real plain and simple, the grace is here until God turns his eyes back to the Jews and the Gentiles go in a rapture. Period. Period. Praise God. That's right. And if you take grace away from anybody, you're anointed of the devil. That's right. Period. In what world would you not want your kids to do well? In what world what what world would that be? You'd be a loser of a parent. In what world would God not want the whole world to be saved? That's right. But you think differently. Well, they don't wear a tie on Sunday. Bless God. or they don't wear help us. Amen. Amen. Oh, I believe there's things we need to follow in the Bible. I believe in holiness. I was raised in holiness. Yeah, that's right. But Moses wrote law. Yeah. Paul wrote grace. And we're in a grace dispensation. Amen. And I can show you where God give grace. And there ain't nobody alive could show me where God took it away. That's right. Yes, sir. And the people, you can't even come to a stage where God don't allow you. I I I Wow. Let me I I got a quote I'd love to read, but I don't want to I'll get mixed up here. You know in many countries and you know India different countries foreign countries the bridegroom when you come to the wedding they furnish robes and I watch there's a purpose for this because when you get an invitation excuse me and you come to the wedding with your invitation now I'm going to shock you. Do you know the whole world has got an invitation? They won't accept it, but the whole world's got an invitation. Don't take their invitation away from them. Jesus never died for just the bride. That's disgusting. That's right. That means 144,000 couldn't be saved. The Jews, that means a foolish virgin couldn't be saved. Where do people find this stuff? They furnish your garment. And so, let me just prephrase what the prophet says here. Well, he says, "Whether you're rich or poor, slave or free, you all look the same." Oh, so you can't judge and different. So if you got a great revelation and there's just a child here that's got no revelation at all, they wear the same uniform. It's called Jesus Christ. And you can get a great big head, but you ain't no more special to God than the little child that's present this morning cuz they're wearing the same uniform in the wedding. This is what the prophet says. They're to make them all alike. And you have to be all alike. And you're going to say, watch what? Hang on. He said, you're going to say, well, bless God. I'm a Methodist or I'm a Presbyterian over here. And you ain't going nowhere in the first place. You got to come to the door of Jesus. Praise the Lord. Jesus is the door of the sheepfold. Oh yeah. You say, "Well, but I'm a Pentecostal. I have the gifts in my midst." He said, "That don't mean one thing." He said, "You come by one door." Yeah. That's right. I mean, we believe in gifts. Don't I'm just saying you all look the same. That's right. And if you come by that door, this is still the prophet, you'll get a robe. You know, Brother Brown talked about people that were so uh I'll say arrogant, I don't have this quote in front of me, that if it rained hard, they would drown because their nose was upside down. Yeah, grace. All were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. Grace. Let's see what the Bible says. John 5 24. Verily, verily, I say unto you, that he that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life, and shall not come into the condemnation, but pass from death unto life. Now, that's Bible. I don't put a lot of requirements on that. Am I reading that correctly? He that believeth my word and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall not come into the condemnation. So who is it he that condemnth? Well, bless God. You know, I seen them doing something and I couldn't do that. Well, wonderful. I'm glad you couldn't. That don't mean nothing to the other person. You know, we we don't all arrive at the same place. Do you know you know we're living in a very peculiar age in our age? You know, if you go to like a food factory and they make bagels for McDonald's or or any kind of stuff for McDonald's, if it ain't perfectly identical, they throw it in the garbage. Like if they're making something and it's just got a lump on it or anything, it's perfectly good food and there's thousands of people starving to death, but they throw it in the garbage. Yes, sir. That's what message believers do. They don't look like us. They don't talk like us. They don't act like us. They don't go to my church. So, we just throw them in the garbage. Wow. Yeah. Does God do that? No. Did God do that when you were not perfect? No. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Oh, that means your attitude is different than God's attitude. You know, God doesn't throw nobody in the garbage. Matter of fact, the people of the family that God came through was very scarred. Yep. That's right. prostitutes, murderers. That's right. I mean, he could have picked a lot of He could have come by the Levite family. Yeah. Why did God do that? He showed us a picture that who is he that condemnth? If you if you go to the ice cream store and there's another Christian there and they don't have the revelation that you got, is it their fault? No. Thank you, sister. No, it's amazing grace. It's amazing grace that God love you so much that he showed you the secrets of the inner chamber. Amen. And you bring out your judgment book and you say, "Uh, disgusting." That's right. John 6 37 and we're going to go to 39:40. And I I'll tell you where we're at. All the Father has given me shall come to me. And him that cometh to me, I will in no wise cast out. That sounds like grace to me. Amen. That means if anybody just cry on the name of the Lord, you're going down the road and somebody pulls out in front of you going to be saying Jesus. Boom. They're saved. He said he wouldn't cast them out. I mean, what Bible do you want me to read? Do you got you got one that don't have this verse in it? How do you think the jailer rated beside Jesus? He was being killed by crucifixion on the cross as a thief. Hello, anybody here? He had read no message books. He had never read the Bible. Yeah. Just nod your head. He never read the Bible. He never read no message books. Never went to church. And he robbed. He never even really asked for forgiveness. He just said that man is the Christ. He never even said, "I'm sorry." Yeah. He would have never went through on our church doctrine. You know, you got to come so many times and you got to do so many of this and oh, oh, you know what? He was never baptized. Oh, he must be in hell for sure. He never had time to be baptized. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Now, do I believe in baptism? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do. If you got time. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. But who is he that condemnth? It used to be me all the time. Oh boy. I recognize myself really good in my old pictures. That was Oh, it was I was so legalistic. Everybody was lost but me. Oh, that's the truth. But I believe that spirit's very healthy. Oh, I got something nobody else has got. Well, praise God you do. Who give it to you? God. Well, thank him for it. God chose to give it to you over all the world. Amazing. Sorry. John uh 6:39. And this is of the Father's will which he has sent me, that of all which he hath given me, I shall lose none. nothing, but shall raise him up again in the last days. 40 verse 40. And this is the will of him that sent me that everyone that seeth the son, and believeth on him may have everlasting life, and I will raise him up in the last days. Yes, sir. What do you read into that? that says that you see the son, you ne recognize Jesus Christ as the savior and you have everlasting life. Period. God can God has brought the bride to a greater revelation than that. But don't throw out these people. That's right. Watch here. And events made clear by prophecy. He said, "I'll make one place." He said, "The door." This is the prophet talking at 65, the month he died. He said, "You don't worship me in every door." He said, "That I've given you." He said, "But there's one door, and in that one door, I'll put my name. And where the Lord puts his name is the place that God will receive your sacrifice." And you made all kinds of doors. Oh, now we're talking. We made all kinds of doors, but God made a door. God made a door. He repeats that. And that door was St. John 10. I am the door. Jesus is the door. Help me out, Jared. I'm all tied up. Oh, I may have got it. Sorry. It's roasting in here. Amen. Jesus, I am the door. We have to invest in the fan, honey. Amen. Yeah. Now, I know Jesus came and brought us greater revelation, but that ain't for everybody, but they'll still be in heaven. You're going to find out next Sunday if you don't this one. He said, "Now, you read John 10, and we already did it." He said, "Not our door, but the door. The only door." Don't think that you believe this message that you're going to make it to heaven. Hell will be full of preachers. There'll be more preachers in hell than there will be anybody else because sometimes preachers don't tell the truth. And then there'll be the make believers that are pretending they got something they don't got. And there'll be the ones that condemn. Who is he that condemns? Who died for them? You're condemning the person I died for. Woo! Help me, Jesus. He is the door to salvation. And there is no other name given under heaven whereby you must be saved. Only through the name of Jesus Christ, no church, no denomination, no creed, no doctrines of anything through Jesus name only. That's right. Amen. That is the key. No wonder Peter said, "Use one of them on the day of Pentecost." And they wanted to know how to get in to that door. And he used the key. He said, "There's only one key because there's only one door. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And this treasure is for you and is all that the Lord thy God shall call. You know God put us on earth to find sinners. Do you know at one place brother Bram said that we would actually be judged for not sharing the truth salvation. Amen. Hallelujah. Acts 237 to 40. And now they that heard this. And they that heard this were pricricked in their heart. And they said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? And Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, and for the promises to you and to your children, and to all that are far off, even as many as the Lord thy God shall call, and as many," in other words, did he testify and exhort, saying, "Save thyself from to this on towards generations praising God and having favor with all people. And the Lord added to the church daily statues would be saved. Hallelujah. Praise God that you know we don't we want to make sure we're in the plan. God has given different ones different amounts of revelation and you have an huge amount of revelation and you should lose your mind in humility and praise and adoration that God loved you so much. But because we're in a human body, we think somehow we you look at why God never healed Paul. Because Paul had was given such enormous revelations. He said, "I left you that." He said, "My grace is sufficient for you." Because Paul would have got lifted up in himself. He would have got lifted up in himself. So God left Paul with his infirmity and said, "My grace is sufficient for you because you've received so much." Amen. Hallelujah. We've received so much. Don't take it away from the ones that are desiring it. Don't take it away from the ones that got less revelation than you have. If they're not as far down the road as you, praise God for where they're at. Amen. Amen. You know, in the chosen place of worship, I'm not going to read this. He said, "Whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved." Peter said, "Repent and be baptized for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, and the promises unto you and to all the future generations." Hallelujah. So many quotes here. I'm I'm just, you know, we we so many times as Christians, we and we all do. We all have our own convictions and they're okay. They're what God give you. They're how your parents raised you. And and and you know, we were all raised by different parents for the most part. So that right off the get-go, you have different convictions. And we're all in God deals with the Gentiles individual. So he gives you individual convictions. I can't do some things maybe you can do. But don't judge the other person. Leave it alone. Watch what the pro I'm just reading part of this quote. And God provided way. He said, "And that's the way it continues on." He's talking about repent and be baptized and you receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. He said that's the way it continues on. As long as the Lord is calling, God still promised the Holy Ghost. As long as people are desiring to be saved, this person ain't going to be the one to tell them there ain't none left. That's right. That's That's First John 1 John 3 19 to 21. And hereby we know that we are of the truth and shall and assure assure our hearts before him. Verse 20. And if our heart condemnth not, God is greater than our heart and knoweth all things. Beloved, if our heart condemnth not, then we have confidence towards God. Now I want to show you what that scripture means. Your heart could condemn you about something serving God, but it won't condemn your brother or sister. That's God's variety. That's not a salvation issue. Amen. Amen. How how can you go to some person and say you're living in sin when they got peace in their heart? God's only You say, "Well, maybe it's off the word." Well, God hasn't revealed it to them yet. They can't learn the word by knowledge. If by if men can give it to them, then man can take it out. I want to look at this and I mentioned this already. But I want to just touch this and show you what the prophet said just because I think some of you choked. Exodus 32:7-14. And I'm just going to stop when I'm supposed to cuz I'm not even going to pretend to finish. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Get thee down, for thy people, which thou broughtest out of E, the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves, and they have turned aside quickly out of the way, of which I commanded them, and they have made themselves a molted calf, and have worshiped it, and sacrificed it onto. And I said, "These be thy gods, oh Israel, which have I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." And verse 9, and the Lord said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and behold, they are stiff necked people. And I know therefore, let me alone, that my wrath may vex hot against them, and that I may consume them, and I will make thee a new great nation. I want to just show you something here. These people were the chosen nation that God chose. And you'll understand better when I read the end of the scripture. And forgive me, God, but I'm trying to help you understand. God had had it. God was having a bad day. And he said, "That's it. That's it. It's over." And Moses besought the Lord his God and said, "Lord, why do thy wrath wax hard against the people which thou has brought out of the land of Egypt with great power in thy mighty hands? Where shall thou be? the Egyptians shall speak and say, "For the mischief." This this scripture right here fits into, you know, I know that they're my disciples by how they love one another. I don't care if you don't have the same revelation as me. I don't even care if you have the same convictions as me. I don't believe it. Very few people will. But we can still have love. Amen. Wherefore should the Egyptians speak and say, for the mischief did he bring them out, and slay them in the mountain, and consume them from the face of the earth, and turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people. I want to just show you something. Moses, this is going to be hard to believe. Moses was preaching to God. Do you know you can do that? You can say, "God, you give me some children." And they went wayward and they're my heritage and I put their token over them and don't you dare take them out. That's putting yourself in the hands of God and saying, "God, they're coming with me." You understand? I know you're shocked, but watch what the prophet says. Moses is telling God that he had an evil thought. Wow. Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel thy servants, whom thou swear by them thyself, and saidest, that I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and I shall give this land that I've spoken, and I will give it to thy seed, and thou shalt inherit it." Now, here's Moses telling God what he had promised. Yeah, that'd be just like you parents going to God tonight and saying, "God, you give me my heritage and you promise them to me for a blessing to carry on to your kingdom." Do you remember your promise, God? And verse 14, we got to have that one. Uhoh. Really? Is that possible? No. No. No. That's not possible. The Bible says it is. Yeah. And the Lord repented of the evil which he had thought unto his people. I'm going to give you a big shock. If God could think evil of the people he called, it ain't hard to believe that some of you can think evil of each other. Hello. I don't think there's anybody home. Amen. Yeah. If God could think evil of the message church, it ain't hard to believe that there's some people sitting in the message church. Yeah. That good thing evil of each other. Help us. I almost need the bill on that one. But God repented. This is Israel in the church. This is a quote. Brother Brandham said, you know, Paul told Moses after all that time, I want to show you that the man before God, when God told Moses, step out of the way, Moses, and I'm going to destroy this whole bunch of them, and I'll make you a mighty nation, Moses threw himself in front of God. and bridged his way and said, "God, take me to statue of a perfect man." 62. He said, "Even one time the rebellious bunch of people had such impatience and they caused Moses to do such a thing wrong. And yet the showdown, God got sick of their actions and he said, "Separate yourself, Moses, and I'll kill those message believers." That's what they were in their day. There was no Gentiles saved. Then we were pagan, heathens. I'll kill those message people. and he threw himself in the breach and said, "God, don't do it." And it, let's just go to the next paragraph. And he said, "I wonder if we could do that." Oh. Oh, wow. I wonder if you could defend somebody that people are condemning. I wonder if we could do that. If you can't, don't try to build on this because it don't change. That's the way the first one is vulcanized onto this. That's the way every one of them has to be vulcanized. And if you don't, you don't come to that stature of the dwelling place of the living God. You haven't got patience. Patience for one another. I'm still looking for the one. Oh, there it is. Let's go to the next one. Away with Jesus. He said, "The people saith, your God is able to bring you out, but not able to keep you." We know that ain't true. God never saved anybody to lose them. And Moses threw himself in the breach. Then later found out Moses that that was Christ in Moses standing for the people. Now I think I think this is the one I mentioned to you before. Remember at the ending of the Gentile dispensation, remember thus sayaeth the Lord, it's time for the Gentile age to cease and the Gentile age ceases and the gospel goes to the Jews and it's over then. Get into the kingdom right quick now. Now here's the prophet saying there's still grace for the world. Get in right quick now. Come. Come you Methodist. Come on you Baptist. Come on you Presbyterian. One thing we're asking you to do is come to Jesus. The Pentecost is not a denomination. It's an experience. Pentecost belongs to everyone. It's an experience you have and you can't recognize, you can't organize Pentecost. Pentecostal is an experience that God gives to believers. It's for you. Methodist, Presbyterian, Baptist, Luther, and whatever more. And then your prophet says this. He says, "I'm a Baptist, but I got the Holy Ghost. That's right. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Be not afraid. And when the Jews receive Christ as their Messiah, the Gentile age is finished. And it's your hour now. You'd better come in. Amen. We still have abundant grace. But what I what I what I'm trying what God's trying to show you is what kind of a person would want somebody to miss grace and go to hell. What kind of a character would that be? What kind of a motive and objective would that be? I don't want to be around people like that. I want to show you how that spirits don't die. And this is right in John. And they used it on Jesus Christ and it's still very much alive today. It'll shock you. John 8:31. And then Jesus said to these Jews, now just to lay a foundation now, the Jews were God's people. Jesus said to these Jews which believed on him, "If thou continue in my word, you would be my disciples indeed." Now, I read that because I got to show you who Jesus is talking about. And they answered him, this is the Jews. The Jews answered him, and they said, "We be of Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man. How sayest thou, ye shall be made free?" These Jews were refusing grace. But watch, I I got something God wants to show you here. Verse 39. And Jesus answered them and said unto him,"Abraham is our father." Jesus said unto them, "If ye are Abraham's children, then ye would do the works of Abraham. But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth which I have heard of God." This did not Abraham. He's God's Jesus is showing the Jews that Abraham didn't try to kill God's people. And this is the one that's going to make you fall down. This is the Christian message believer of the day. Verse 41. You do the deeds of your father. That was Jesus talking. And then the Jews answered him and said, "Well, we at least weren't born in fornication." That that is the same as saying, "We at least weren't born in fornication. We have one father and that father's God." And here they were standing right in front of God. Yeah. and they were judging him. That spirit's still alive. That that would be the same. And and even if let's go down to 48. And the Jews answered Jesus said unto him, "Say not well that thou art a Samaritan. Thou hast a devil." So now they're calling the son of God, the devil. I want to show you that that's the same spirit that would have another message believer condemn another person person. Notice I never said message believer any denomination any person even in the world. Watch with this. When those Jews said to the son of God, "Well, at least I wasn't born in fornication," they were insinuating that Jesus was conceived before marriage and it wasn't an immaculate plan of God. That would be the same spirit to say, "Well, at least I was born in a message church. Bless God. Well, at least my daddy's a deacon or a pastor in a message church is if that would mean one thing or here's another one that's the same spirit. Why I go to so and so, pastor so and so's church. [Music] So, [Music] or here's another one. The same spirit. Well, my family would never do that. Well, praise God they wouldn't. [Music] Or this is the best one yet. This is the same spirit where the Jews said unto Jesus, "Well, at least I wasn't born in fornication." Watch this. The very best one [Music] says, "Well, we never let our kids do that." [Music] As if my kids were better than your kids. That's what the Jews were insinuating to Jesus. They were insinuating to Jesus that they were more godly than the son of God because they thought he was born in fornication. [Music] Unbelievable. See that religious spirit? That's disgusting. [Music] That's disgusting. I'm going to close here just a a second. Just a a couple few scripture. I want to get to one quote. Ephesians 2:8 and9. For by grace are you saved through faith and not not of yourself. It is a gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. Why? My family was better than yours. Remember the wedding garments. That's right. All the poor and rich, slave and bought and free, all look the same. Philippians 2:12. Wherefore, my beloved, as you have also obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. That's right. You can't save nobody. It's God that draws somebody and it's God that gives the revelation of the height that they're at. Leave it alone. Amen. Matthew 7. I want to get to a quote on Mike's scripts. I see it here. I'll read this Matthew and it's also in Luke. So God really wanted us know. Judge not that you be not judged. Now I don't want anybody put your hands up, but I'll bet you every person here has said something about somebody else. something that you didn't think was perfect. And if you say you never said it in your life, you're going to repent for lying. I know that. Guaranteed. Now, God put this twice in the Gospels. It's also in Luke 6. Judge not that you be not judged. For with what judgment you judge, you shall also be judged. And which measure you merit, you shall also be measured again. And why, behold, is the mold that's in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that's in thine own eye. Or how wil thou say to thy brother, let me pull out the molt in thy eye, and behold the beam in thine own eye. Watch what God calls you. I wish I could have highlighted that. I put that in capital letters because you were gonna take it off my iPad. Vicki, you're a hypocrite. I've went to thousands of dinners and fellowship. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. If somebody walked in this church that don't come here regular, we would all have, well, they they're not a believer. How do you know? Well, they look different for me. So, who drawed them to this church? Yeah, that's right. Yes, sir. The Bible says, "No one draws somebody to God except God." So, if God was drawing them, he could have already saved them. He maybe just didn't get them cleaned up and sanctified yet. And you're a hypocrite speaking against God's movement. Leave it alone. I'm going to close on this this quote. Please put this up, Vicki. All these believers were like a bunch of change in your pocket. Now, I want to just tell you something. I want to just stop here for a minute. This is a 64 quote. If you don't like this one, just forget everything else you believe. Yeah, that's right. Don't pick and choose. Yeah. All of God's word is good for reproof and correction and doctrine. There's like a bunch of change in your pocket and you pull out the chains and there's pennies. I wish I should have highlighted this, but the second line, third line there, there's pennies, there's nickels, dimes, and quarters. There's a half dollar and there ain't very many dollars in my pockets nowadays, but there's maybe $1 are all coins. And now that's the world is in God's hands. I'm going to tell you right now, there's people sitting right in this building that don't like this quote. I can feel it. I can feel it. You think you're a silver dollar and everybody else is worthless. Oh, wow. Watch what your prophet says about that. He says they're all in God's hands. And there is some people that are just can just come to have a pennies worth. God can only use them for one penny. Yeah, that'd be like a poor quality preacher like me. I'm just a spare tire. But there's some people can really let it fly. That's all they can buy is one penny. Oh, I I got some down here. Now we're on the bottom three lines. What's your prophet say about that? Maybe we should say it together. Don't reject them. A penny. That's somebody that's not living right, ain't dressed right, a penny. He said, "Now, this says 64. This is after the seals. This is when the full revelation of God is given to them. Don't reject them." Well, bless God. They didn't look right when they came to church. They weren't like holiness or I seen they trimmed their or or the or or or or or that's disgusting. We need to kill this devil really good. We need to line them up and kill him. And you know, the next time you're with Brother Dale and I start speaking about anybody and I write them as a penny, you kick me right in the knee. You are that right. I'm dead serious. It's a spirit of the devil. That's right. He said, "Don't reject them." Now, now this is this one might even hurt you a little bit. If they can't believe the real truth, the real truth. Like that's what you're thinking. Like the message truth. If they can't believe the real truth, don't turn them down. Oh, we already did. We already did. They're not part of us because we already did. Every one of us already did. They're not They don't have what we got. So, they're foolish virgins. Yeah. Why do we do that? Our prophet never he's telling us not to do that. He said don't turn them down and and worse yet. Worse yet worse yet. Let me see this here. And and don't kick them out. Well, they're not saved because because because because they weren't born in a message church. They're not saved be because they don't go to a message church. They're not saved because because what's the next word I can think of? Because they don't live up to the revelation that I got. Oh, you're you're you're giving God vomit. Don't kick them out and say that they're not in it. Yeah. Now, next Sunday, I'm going to show you a dozen quotes where God said where brother says that the ones that went through the tribulation are the ones with the white robe judgments in Revelation 7 13 or whatever verse I said. And he called them the blind. Yeah. Yeah, I know what you're thinking. There was the five wise and five foolish. But what are we going to do with these other things? He said, "Don't kick them out and don't say that they're not in because there'll be pennies." Yeah, that's right. In heaven. There'll be loads of pennies in heaven. That's right. But don't come around any message believers because we'll sure condemn you. Bless God. You don't see it like I see it. That's of the devil. That's of the devil. That is just flat of the devil. And I'll tell you what, it's disgusting. Yeah. God, don't there will not be one legalistic person in heaven. There will not be one legal. This is how your prophet said. You think you're some big hot shot. You were born holy and immaculate conceived. He said, "Just stick your finger in a pale of water and pull it out and show me where your finger was." That's That's how big of a big shot you are. That's how big of a big shot you are. And you're And who is he that condemnth? Who? Who paid the price? Who p Who paid the price? You did. Oh, yeah. Did you Did your pastor did? Oh, no. No. The evangelist said, "Oh, yeah. Who paid the price?" Christ. Was it Christ that died? Help me, Jesus. Forgive me for all my past. Oh, man. God uses pennies. If you read on in that quote, he said, "Lot was a penny and Abraham was a silver dollar." Well, I want to tell you something. God saved Lot. Look at what Abraham did to go save him. He risked his own neck to save him. You know, we would, you know, we we need to come to We want to come to a statue of a perfect man. I'm closing. I I It's hard to, but I'm closing. You don't get higher up the ladder by pushing other people down. Just leave them alone. Who cares? When you go to the grocery store, buy the groceries for the guy behind you. Buy the guy for the one in front of you. When you go to the ice cream shop, buy all the next five in the row. Who cares? Can't take it with you. Do you see? Christianity and for sure us believers, we got to get out of the the the spirit of saying, "I'm the only one. We're it. We got it. I received the message." Oh, praise God. You did. There'll be thousands of people in hell that received it. The devil received it, too, and trembled. Amen. The devil knew that Jesus was the Christ, but he couldn't worship him. Amen. Same spirit. I I'm telling you, church, it's the exact same spirit. When the Jews came to Jesus and said, "Well, at least I wasn't born in fornication. Bless God. As if I'm some kind of a holy and they were mocking. Yeah. Wow. The son of God. That That's just unbelievable. I might take that quote, that last quote. I might frame it in about a six-foot picture and hang it in the fellowship hall. Everybody's welcome in this church. Everybody. That feels the pull of God in their life. And even the ones that don't feel the pull of God in their life, if they come because I invite them, that's they're still welcome. I don't care if they just come for the hamburgers. That don't bother me at all. I got lots of hamburgers. Our job is in rather kick people out of God's kingdom is to kick them in God's kingdom. You should be like Moses trying to save people that God's saying, "Wait a minute. They haven't repented yet. You're supposed to be the ambassador for God, saying they're all ours, God. We're all coming in. Look at Rahab in the wall. All of our family. Just bring them in. Paul in. I'll bet you she got her nieces, nephews, aunts, grandmas to the fourth generation. They were still alive. I would have went dig up their bones and put them in the house. Yeah, because all that were in that tabernacle were saved. That's right. We need to be prostitutes for the gospel and get a lot more people in our house. You want me to tell you what? I'm I'm going to shut up. I wonder if I've saved as many people as Rahab has. Bible don't say how many was in her house. Have you saved 30 or 40? Yeah, but I'll bet you you've condemned 30 or 40. But Scott, I wouldn't do that. God died for those people. He died for the ones that you want to do that. He died for the woman at the well. Amen. He died for those people. And when he was on earth, those are the people he spent his time with. Yep. All the lame and halt and God help us. Let's stand. I have never stopped preaching. I could preach forever. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Amen. God help us. Who is he that condemnth? Jesus is asking that question. I don't ever want to hear brother Dale's name on that sentence. No, I'd rather be guilty of trying to get people there that weren't qualified than take people away that were. It shows the spirit of the anointing on you. It's a spirit of Satan to kill, destroy, deceive, and he's a vampire. eat his own. I don't have nothing to do with any kind of the Christian family. The Christian family is all love, mercy, grace. Oh, there's a word that's really hard to say. Long long longsuffering. Longsuffering and patient. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. Wow. have thy own way. Help me Jesus. I thank you. [Music] I am the way. Holy Hey, [Music] why are you Lord, have thy way search and Jesus. [Music] Oh my Oh Jesus [Music] in the praise of the I have my Lord, how Jesus Oh, [Music] trust me. [Applause] Now I have my [Applause] master. Thank you Jesus. with my spirit till Christ. Thank you Jesus. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word this morning. Lord, I bring you a holy Jesus to not be fighting what you're doing. Jesus, not be judging what you're doing, and not be taking something away that you've already given. Jesus, be with the ones, Lord, that haven't got saved yet. Lord, I pray that you'll woo them onto yourself like nobody can. And Lord, help me to be bright and salty. That they could see Christ like that last verse said, like they could see the spirit of Christ. that he would that all would be saved and come to repentance. Hallelujah. And he in no wise would cast out because Lord Jesus, you were the one that paid the price. You and you alone paid the price. [Music] for everyone that'll come to you. Blessed be your name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Bless your bride here. Bless our fellowship after, Lord Jesus. In your name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Thou art the I am the holy
