################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-29 - Young Adult Banquet - 2025 - Young Adult Banquet - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-29
Title:   Young Adult Banquet - 2025
Speaker: Young Adult Banquet
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPJBiPEFhps
========================================

[Music] Brother [Music] Mike, as far as the music, could you cut the music? All right, everyone. Can I have your attention, please? We have some very special honored guests with us tonight, and I want to tell you a little bit about each as you get your uh desserts and your mocha Joe's back to your tables. Many of you may know brother JD Witson and his wife Barbara. Would you please raise your hand so they can see you right in the middle? Brother JD and Barbara Witson have been part of Word of Life Church uh family since he was 13 years old and Barbara being seven. They were part of the original church Ran Hill Church of Jesus Christ in Johnson City. J D became a deacon in 1976 after the church moved and was renamed Happy Valley Church of Jesus Christ. JD is our head deacon has served these last 49 years in this capacity. As head deacon, he's a great help to brother Donnie, I'm sure, as we've seen and uh and his church. We so love brother JD and Barbara and appreciate the sacrifice of love they've given to the Word of Life congregation. Please give them a round of applause. Brother JD Witson and his sister Barbara. I'm so relaxed now. I, you know, I was a little nervous starting out. We want to do so well for you and everybody's dressed up. I'm relaxed now. That steak was outstanding. I'm feeling better and it did my heart well to see all of you kind of break out of those little shells and talk to different people. I hope you enjoyed it. So, I want to continue with our honored guests now. And uh I can't believe it. Brother Louisie Blevens. Brother Louie uh and Sister Glenda be brother Louie began preaching and holding I didn't know this. Brother Louie began preaching and holding revival as a young man in high school. He traveled with his family singing and preaching. He and his wife Glenda came to Happy Valley in 1968 when the church services were still being held in the basement. Brother Louie became the primary song leader in 1989. He has faithfully served the last 36 years as the church's song leader and is much loved here and throughout the message. He's the celebrity of the message. I think everybody loves Brother Louie. There will never be another Louis Blevens. And the church says, "Amen." And God bless our streamers, whoever might be streaming. Brother Louie, I love you. Please give it up one more time, Brother Louie. That's sister Glenda. Next. Next, we have I've had the honor of sitting at the table with brother Harvey and Sister Shirley Lungsford. Brother Harvey and Sister Shirley met in Prescott, Arizona at a Pentecostal church camp, which I just he started hearing a little about. While dating, they attended Brother Brandham's meetings and came out of the Pentecostal church and into the message. Once while dating, Brother Harvey got in trouble with I'm not Yeah. with the police. Now, I didn't put this in here. I was given this with the police or being at a park with Sister Shirley passed the park's curfew for someone his age. So, they must have been very young when they met each other, probably at some kind of youth church banquet just like this. Uh, Sister Shirley didn't get in trouble because she was a little just two years older. Brother Harvey served as song leader for Brother King and Brother Peterson in Phoenix, Arizona for about 40 years. They came from Arizona to Happy Valley around 2009 to be under Brother Reagan's ministry and and to be closer to their family. Uh, brother Harvey and sister Shirley have been have blessed the church many times with special songs. Brother Harvey is filled on and often as a song leader when uh when need when the need arose. We love and appreciate them very much and are thankful for their service. One other note that I'm I wanted to tell you, they were mentioning at the table that they actually uh had attended a meeting of brother Brandham's and what do you know? They didn't realize they're in prophecy and a couple of meetings that they were at and that they were physically at the rapture message which is just so astounding to have them with us. Thank you for being here and thank you for your service. And we have one more special guest right there in the back. Brother Byron Palmer. Brother Byron came into the message in 1955 at the age of 13. He was fortunate to be able to attend over a hundred meetings of Brother Brandhams throughout the years. His teenage years were spent attending meetings all over the country and sometimes during all night driving all night to get there and every time his family had a chance to go. He was fortunate to be able to meet brother Brandham on multiple occasions and witnessed many miracles in his ministry. His father was a pastor who hosted brother Brandham's meetings in Mon, Georgia in 1955. It was one of his longest campaigns in the states. He has served the Lord faithfully for all of his life, including being in positions of deacon, trustee, and served many years as a song leader. He moved to Happy Valley Church in 1996 and has been a faithful member of our congregation since that time. God bless you, Brother Byron. It's very, very special to have you all with us. All right. Now, as you can see, they are putting they're preparing a skit that they've been working very, very hard on. I thought I know that you're going to enjoy it. I've seen it a few times. It is absolutely outstanding. So, I do want this is family. We are family. Everybody's relaxed. Feeling good? Mason, you feeling good? You have plenty to eat. Steak's pretty good. Outstanding. I need everybody to get up. Move. Except maybe the older people can stay right there, but the younger people need to stand up and I want you to move your seats because I want you to get a good comfortable seat to be able to see the skit. Okay? I don't want you behind, you know, make yourself comfortable. Wherever you need to go, right? wherever you need to come up front a little bit. Want you to be comfortable. Okay? Whatever you need to do. Please know too that whenever uh we have brother Danny when he gives his message, I want you to be comfortable and don't be uh don't be behind a bush. Right? We want you to be comfortable and move your seat where you'd like to go. Okay? And make sure you see it. choir to line up. All right. And right after the the skip presentation, the choir will be singing directly after that if they could get ready when they hear the quote that they could go ahead and get ready after that time. And the Word of Life proudly presents Shoot. Um, maybe I should pack my Bible along with my workout gear, but I don't seem to have the room. Uh, I'll do it. I'll do it later when I get back. I got to got to make sure I have all my equipment to get these gains on this trip. Let's see. The flight information email said to make sure I have the true token, but let's be real. There's no way I won't make it on the plane. I mean, I play a very important role in the church. Surely, they'll understand that. That should be enough. I've been doing everything I can to take care of my hair, and boy has it paid off. But in all my research into hair health, and after my 12step hair routine, it doesn't leave me a lot of time for my daily devotion. Maybe I can squeeze these in the bag somewhere. But even though I haven't read the Bible in like two months, I do remember it says if a woman has long hair, it's her glory. So from glory to glory, right? Isn't that how it works? Probably. The flight pamphlet did mention something about a token. And I know the Bible also says a virtuous woman's price, which is clearly talking about someone like me, is far above rubies. And I figure that's as good as any token for sure. I think I'm all set. How do I even pack for eternity? I'm going to need to do some serious girl math here. Let's see. That's That's like a million outfits. I'm just going to bring it all. Let's be real. A one-sizefits-all robe is not my style. I've got shoes, hats, accessories. Now, what am I missing? Oh, yes, my checklist. I better go over that one more time. I feel like there was something missing from the do's column. I've definitely got the don'ts covered. No high heels cuz you have to walk the straight and narrow. Simple jewelry. You don't want to look like you walk through a dime shop with a magnet on. All of my skirts are six inches past the knee. Check. Check. Oh, that's what it was. The token. Honestly, I've got everything else checked off. I'm sure I'll have no problem getting that at the gate. Ow. Can you help me close this suitcase? I cannot wait to get to eternity. I'm going to be able to enlighten so many people. I'm bringing my Bible. Let's see. My message books, the seven seals, my tape recorder, and I'm pretty sure Brother Donniey's going to be there. So, I'm going to bring my notes from his latest sermon. There's a few things I need to critique him on. He just he just needs to know more. And oh, I also have the message book, The Token. So, I know I'm prepared. Okay. I've got my Bible, my toiletries, my clothes, but the most important thing I need is the token. And I know I've got it. Let's get this flight prepared. Is the captain ready for boarding? Yes, he's been ready for a long time. Now boarding Flight Eagle 7 bound for eternity zone one. Hello sir, welcome to Flight Eagle 7. Please open your bag so the security guard can check it and um hand me your token. Uh uh token? What do you mean token? Sir, to get on this flight, the token is required. Uh, token sounds familiar. Uh, what is the token again? The Holy Spirit. Okay. Uh, I don't know if I have that, but I'll tell you what I do have. Okay. So, you know how in the Bible it says your body is a temple? Well, this body is a temple built on blood, sweat, and tears. And you know, I'm I've been a good boy. I go to church every Sunday, every Wednesday, and special meetings. I mean, that's extra credit right there, you know. Uh let's see. Uh I I don't drink. I don't uh you know I don't cuss. I'm gonna need drug testing over here. Take drugs. Ladies and gentlemen, just for clarification purposes, that is chalk. And so, you know, everything I do is to glorify God. So, that should be enough even though I don't have the token. Right. Right. I'm sorry, sir. You have to know you can't board this flight. You know what? Forget it. You know what? Give me my bag. I don't need to take this flight. I'm going to board the train. the gain train. And while I'm waiting, I'm gonna sit down right here and get an awesome arm workout in. I hope the rest are not quite as dramatic as that. Let's hope. Now, boarding zone two. Hello, ma'am. Welcome to Flight Eagle 7. Please open your bag so we can check it. All right, there you go. I'm going to miss this place. It's quite an empty bag. Um, do you only have sheet music in here? Yes, I am the choir director. Emma Last Ring a bell? No. Nope. Try Emma Weber. I had a name change. Uh-uh. Still no. Whatever. Listen, this music is completely clean. No profanity here. Yeah. I mean, the words look great and everything. It looks like it was very well written, but you don't make it into eternity just based off gifts and talents. Yes, ma'am. We will need to see your token today. Oh, right. The token. Um, I haven't gotten that yet. Sorry. Yet? What? What do you mean by yet? Well, I I mean, I just haven't gotten around to getting it yet, but I'm sure I will one day. I'm sorry, ma'am. You need it to board this flight today. Wait, what? That That's ridiculous. I'm the choir director at Word of Life Church. I mean, I'm actively involved in the church, and I know there's going to be music in heaven. Who do you think's going to lead the choir up there? I'm telling you, they need me. And I know I should have read and prayed my Bible more, but I don't see why I need some token if I have a position in the church. Well, being all those things is wonderful, but that doesn't mean you have the token. You've received the flight information, and it was very clear about what the true token is. Don't be surprised when you see my review online. This is ridiculous. She's taking a trip. All right. On the good old drama ship. Now boarding zone three. Hello ma'am. Welcome to Flight Eagle 7. Um, can you please open your bag so my security agent can check it? Sure. Here you go. Okay. Taking everything else aside, there's enough liquid violations in this bag to keep you getting on any flight. Well, as you know, those of us that have read our Bible before, that a woman's hair is their glory, and these are all the products I use to take care of it. It clearly works. Can't you tell? H Yes. Very beautiful. Do you have your token? Well, I mean, in a way, I do. I mean, I've never cut my hair in my life. I've never even put the straightener on long enough to burn it. And don't even get me started on the fingernail clipper bangs. You can examine my bag if you need to, but you can clearly see I fit the description of a very virtuous woman. Well, your hair is very lovely and very long. But that doesn't mean you have the token. So, where is it at? Look me up in the system. I know I'm in the book. I'm sorry, ma'am. Your name is only in the book if you have the token. This is ridiculous. You mean I've been dealing with these split ends for nothing? Ma'am, if you don't have your token, you're going to have to step away. Hold up. I'm writing a bad review. You want to add anything? Yes, please. Okay, while you do that, I'm going to make a call. That looks good. Hey, Dad. Yes, son. Hey, uh, your baby Angel here. I'm at the I'm at the front desk right now, and they're saying I can't get on cuz I need the token thing. Um, I was wondering, do you have an extra that I can borrow? Emma, you know, you've got to have your own experience. What? What? Since when? This is a bit extreme. Who came up with this policy? Now boarding zone 4. Now boarding zone 4. This is the final boarding call for zone 4. You know, I don't even think she's coming. I don't I don't I don't She's She's coming. Well, better late than never. I'm going to need a bigger table. Hello, ma'am. Welcome to Flight Eagle 7. Please open up your many, many bags. Uh, so my security agent can I know I have a lot of baggage. I just couldn't let it go. Well, it definitely looks like you packed for eternity. it. You really think you need all of this clothes? Don't worry. They're all super modest outfits. And I hear there's a certain 65 someone who's getting his hair back up there. Oh, here we go. So, I absolutely have to look my best. I can just picture us walking hand in hand in eternity. So romantic. Yes, that's very nice. Now, all of that aside, do you have the token? Well, actually, I have something even better. I have this list of dos and don'ts. I've meticulously kept it since I started this religion. As you can clearly see, just a few of them off the list. I never listen to anything but old southern gospel. If they weren't on Gaither Homecoming, I'm not listening to it. All of my clothes, as I've said, are super modest. I actually carry this tape measure around with me. See? At least six inches past the knee. It's way longer than your skirt. I'm just saying. And then I also never repeat gossip, so you better listen the first time. I'm just kidding. That's all jokes aside. I figured that's enough to get me in. I just don't I think that's pretty good. I am a great person. I'm practically perfect in every way, as they say. Well, okay, Mary Poppins. And I was even going to do you a favor and read through your list, but the most important thing on here. I can't even open it back up to Sean is the token. You don't even have it checked off. Well, see, I can't believe I forgot to mention that I was a Sunday school teacher. So, just think about all of those volunteer hours that I put in. I figured that would be enough to probably bump me up to first class at least. But you could at least do a girl a favor and maybe give me one of those last minute tokens, you know, at the gate. Last minute tokens. Yes, ma'am. That's not how it works. There are no last minute token. And giving your time for the Lord is great, but that's not it either. It has to be in your soul. Well, this is ridiculous. I might have to speak to your manager. He's busy. I spent at least $300 just in baggage fees. Ma'am, do you need help? No, thank you. Hey, watch it. The captain is almost ready for departure. Me and him both. Now boarding zone five. Hello, sir. Welcome to Fly Eagle 7, bound for eternity. Please open your bag so we can check it. Not necessary, ma'am. Trust me, I know. I'm prepared. Just let me on. This is not Spirit Airlines. We will need to see your bag. Unbelievable. There you go, sir. This is a very nice bag, sir. Yeah, I'm richer than you, dude. Okay. [Music] Um, is this all you have? Nothing but books. I take it you don't know who I am. You see, I'm a genius. Like, of course I'm going to bring books and everything else. I'm going on a flight to eternity. So, I have my message books, my Bible, tapes, my tape recorder, my notebooks with my critiques. Um, and I even brought microphone equipment. I'm starting up a podcast in heaven. It's all the rage now. I'm just going to share my knowledge with everybody. H. Well, that is a lot of books, but honestly, I'm not really interested in what's in your bag as much as I care about what's in your soul. So, do you have your token? Oh my goodness. There's a first time for everything. I made a mistake. Gosh, you look at your face. Look at me. I don't make mistakes. What are you talking about? Of course, I have the message book. the token preach 1963 September 1st on a Sunday. Yeah, I know. You know, give me a quiz. I can get it. Boom. There you go. Let me take a look at that. Like you said, and I'm glad you know how to read, but this is just a message book. The token. This isn't a life. Yes, sir. Having message books or even claiming Brother Brandham is a prophet still does not mean you have the token. Okay. Uh, I'm following you. You're looking for the word of God. Hey, little buddy. How about you grab my Bible out of there? Hand it over to me. Yeah, see my Bible. Yeah, it's very well read and worn. Once again, reading the Bible is great and highly encouraged obviously, but it does need to take place in your heart. You're giving me the vibes. I'm a vibes guy. Um, you're giving me the vibes that you're like faith is the foundation and all that. You know, second Peter where it's talking about stature of a perfect man. Listen, when Peter was preaching that, he was preaching to the common man. You see, I've elevated myself above that with knowledge. Okay? I know so much and my understanding is beyond any of your tiny brains. I'm sorry, sir, but hedge head knowledge has nothing to do with the token. You can't board this flight without the token. What? I I know people. I'm related to people. David Syler is my cousin. Do you even know who that is? M. This is the final boarding call for Flight Eagle 7, Bound for Eternity, boarding zone 6. Hello, ma'am. Welcome to Flight Eagle 7. Um, do you have a bag, ma'am? I do. Okay. Just a small bag, though. I really don't need anything where I'm going. Okay. And do you have your token? Absolutely. I know for a fact I do. I've not lived a perfect life by any means, but I know the Holy Spirit lives inside of me. And the token is the most important thing I can take with me. Okay, great. And um what's your name? Haven. All right, let me check right here. Yes, your name is in the book. You're free to board this flight. What? She just went to Disney on a Sunday. out. Guys, this is exactly what I've been trying to tell you. The token doesn't mean you live a perfect life without mistakes. It means that when you fall short, you can repent and God will forgive you as if you've never done it in the first place. Haven is allowed in because he sees himself in her. He sees his holy spirit and that is the token required. All right, ma'am. Right this way. Do you know what it will be like over there? It's a place more beautiful than you've ever imagined. It's a place with no pain, no sorrow, no sickness, no death. It's a place of eternal peace and joy, eternal fellowship with God and with God's people. Maybe this song will help you understand. We've heard stories of paradise. Words fall short and can't describe. Everything you knew that it would be. Heaven is as real as you believe. I can almost see it. Flowing [Music] fountains, skies of blue, open plains and mountains, made up of colors as I've never seen. Heaven is as real as I believe. You see your grandpa, he'll be good as new. He'll catch you up on all that he's been up to. And you'll skip stones across the crystal sea. Heaven is as real as you [Music] believe. and all your questions will be answered. There'll be no need to find a cure for cancer. No more hungry children homeless in the [Music] streets. Heaven is as real as you believe. And no more fighting. No more faces. No more judging anybody cuz they're [Music] different. Grace will fall like crane on golden streets. Heaven is as real as you [Music] believe. Heaven is as real as you believe. [Music] Heaven is as real as I believe. And today, the Holy Ghost is God's covenant with God's covenant people. The Holy Ghost, the life of the resurrected Christ has got to be displayed in the church amongst the people. make it in the same yesterday, today, and forever. No matter how loyal ever you are, you might be whatever you may be, a good man or a good woman. That sure is fine. We appreciate that. But only the token will keep you alive. God's token. You might be a student of the Bible. You might be a good person. You could even be the president. You could be anything you want to be. There's no excuses. [Music] [Music] There are two roads. You may take one by [Music] side and one by faith. Take the word of God. Will you [Music] see your wings to the wind of you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. What's your What's your cry? Watch your mountain. It's much too high. Speak the word of God. And by and by will you will fly. Set your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's my name. Send your wings to the winds of faith. wash the gold in the sky. It does not struggle. It does not strike for the power that makes him rise in the sky. Send your way to the wind. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's my set. Your wings to the winds of pain. Send your wings to the wind of pain. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle is my gra your wings to the winds of faith. [Music] Do not struggle. It's my grace. Send your wings to the winds of faith. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I don't know. Thank you all so much for that. Um, they've asked me to kind of do what I did last year to summarize the skit. Um, with the brothers that are here, I feel sincerely inadequate to do that. Me and Brother Rob came in Sunday and watched the rehearsal. standing there and it spooked me to tears and all of a sudden I don't know why this thought came to my mind but I thought of the thief on the cross. Man, I know that but the thief was the first one to ever receive the token when the blood run down the cross. Sister Hanessa played what they call in the airline field a gate agent. Jesus introduced himself in John 14:6 as the gate agent. I am the truth, the way, the truth, and the life. No one cometh to the father but by me. He said, I'm the gate agent. All those people that you saw up here today sitting up here and living their their lives through man's eyes as holy as they portrayed themselves. Those are the people that crucified the gate agent. Those are the people that refused to because they thought they already had what it took to get in. But to the right side of the gate agent was somebody so filthy, so dirty, he probably didn't even know what the Ten Commandments were. He probably couldn't have told you who John the Baptist was. In fact, he didn't know who the gate agent was because he said, "This man, this man has done nothing wrong." He didn't know it, but he was the first passenger on that flight. What must I do to get on that flight? Do you realize when the gate agent looked at him, he couldn't refuse him, he'd already took his baggage. He already took everything he [Music] had. He took his lust, all his besetting sins. He took his whatever made him a thief, whatever made him a a murderer, he took [Music] that. But he told him this these this baggage can't enter there. But don't you worry, we're doing a layover in hell. We're going to drop it off. We're going to put it right back where it came from. Don't Don't feel like you can't come to him with your baggage. Satan's got a baggage claim in hell. He's waiting on you. He got first class. When Jesus looked at him, Jesus had to look through him through the TSA scanner of sanctification. It was as if he never done it. Whenever Sister Hadessa looked at Sister Haven, all we heard was Sister Haven say, "I have the token." And the gate agent said, "Yes, you do." When you go to board a plane, you're not getting on that plane without going to the gate agent first and showing your token, your boarding pass. But what Sister Hadessa said was the life, it was the life that was in her. You know, we we we we look at how that, you know, we we hear the quote, you know, we want to soar in heavenly places with Christ Jesus. When brother Brandon preached, deep call is to the deep. He said, when that deep calls out in you, there has to be a deep to respond. That's the token to soar in heavenly places with Christ Jesus. You have to have a portion of him. And let me say it this way. When brother Brandham talked about that little eagle in the in the barnyard amongst them chickens, when that he heard that scream, how did he recognize what that scream was? There was a portion of the one that screamed inside of him. That's what's going to bring you up to soar in heavenly places. I hope this get to me. I've watched it two or three times. I've cried every time it we complicate we complicate what what God has given freely. We try to work it up. I live a good life. I do this. I do that. Get his life in you. I wonder I was sitting at the table and I stole brother Rob's little card. And so quote brother Brandman 57 and I'll close with this. The eagle in her nest. If we can only take the wings of the Bible, God's written word that God gave his church to fly away with and have as much confidence in the word of God that's in the word that you hear on Sundays, on Wednesdays, in the word when you when you get in your car and you're listening to a tape, you're reading the book. Have as much confidence in the word of God by the Holy Spirit to furnish the breeze to pack us away. if we'd only have as much confidence as the eagle does in his wings. God bless [Music] you. As we continue, one more thing to take care of. I want to ask brother Byron Palmer if he would go ahead and pick out a card if he would. The lucky winner of a We have a gift basket we want to give out. Byron Palmer. Byron Palmer won the whole thing. Oh my goodness. Brother John Hornac. Brother John Hornac, come on forward. Let's hear for brother John Hornac. Give him a round of applause. [Applause] Come on up. The number of gifts in this are out is just outstanding. There are gift cards. There's a number of different things. And I'll tell you, it warmed my heart to see all of you go ahead and network. I appreciate it. God bless you and congratulations. All [Applause] right. And now we'll ask brother Donnie to introduce our speaker for the night. It's been awesome for us to be together thus far, hasn't it? We're so honored that each of you had come to be with us. Different states that you're represented from, different churches. We certainly appreciate that. Want you to be sure and greet your pastor and your family when you go back home. We're going to invite brother Danny to come while the presence of the Lord is so near us. We can just sense him here. I believe he's come to minister to each of our hearts. You've heard it preached for years. Many of you been raised in church. A lot of you don't ever underestimate just that little skit that you saw be the greatest thing you'll ever be able to accomplish in your life is to make sure the life of Jesus. All those wonderful things and things that they described, those are good things to do. We don't want to see one of you that won't be there that day. So, we just open our hearts to the Lord. Now we going about brother Danny if you just come and obey the Lord. Certainly appreciate our brother. Can we just give him a nice warm [Applause] welcome? Praise the Lord. How many's happy to be here this evening? How many's enjoyed everything so far? Amen. Well, we trust that it'll be the same as we go forward. And just want to say what an honor it is to be able to come and to be a part of this and to just join our efforts um in in this time together. Um, I know the age that we live in is in the prophet's own words, it's the most evil age that there's ever been. And the things that the scriptures say about this time, uh, it's the hardest age that it's ever been. um even temptation. Brother Brandon would make the statement that it'd be 10 times worse from one generation to another generation and then even down to the time that we live in. So, it's such a challenge. But then on the other side, brother Brandham said that it's the grandest age and so want to talk about what part you have to play in it with the help of the Lord. Let's all stand together and just pray if we can. Father, we love you. We're so thankful, Lord, that we can come together like this, Lord, and just have a voice, Father, to encourage these young people, Lord. And you knowing every need that is here. You know every heart. We believe, Father, you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. And you still work the same. And I just pray that you would minister to the needs, Lord, among us. Speak to them, I pray, in a real way. May you get the glory and the honor for it, Lord, as we've listened to the skit and the songs and our hearts have been moved, Lord. And we see you working amongst it, Lord. Will you just continue that, Father, and move in their hearts, we pray, where we ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I I uh realize that the theme is to soar in heavenly places. Um this may not quite seem like that I followed exactly that theme, but uh because I'm going to speak to you on a man uh by the name of Solomon. How many's heard of him? All right. Well, I guess I need to introduce him to most of you then. Uh, but I want to I want to talk about him because, you know, we we look in the scriptures and we want to be able to find ourselves. Where do we fit in? What what is our part to play? And and I realize I'm I'm speaking to young people that maybe you're you're wondering, "What is my part? What do I have to do?" Seems like all the work is already done. The church has been built. The messages are gone forth. What part do I have to play in what we call the message of the hour? What has God got for me? Well, I just want to say that you are the most important people on the face of the earth. And I want to I want to take a a thought if I can and I and I want to title it continuation. Continuation. And I want to read out of read a couple places in scripture. 1 Chronicles 22 verse 5 and verse 6. And David said,"Solomon, my son, is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the Lord must be exceeding magnical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries. I will therefore now make preparation for it." So David prepared abundantly before his death. That um word tender means Solomon is weak and he's indecisive. But yet he's going to be the one to build the house. And then he called for Solomon his son and he charged him to build a house for the Lord God of Israel. Now I want to read out of first kings 2 verse one. Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die. And he charged Solomon his son, saying, I go the way of all the earth. Be thou strong, therefore, and show thyself a man, and keep the charge of the Lord thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as is written in the law of Moses, that you may prosper in all that thou doest, and whatsoever there turnest thyself, that the Lord may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, "If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart, with all their soul, there shall not fail thee," said he, a man on the throne of Israel. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. That word continue is a verb meaning to rise up and to stand up. So David is saying that the Lord may cause his word to rise up. And as I've already said, brother Brandham said that this age we're living in is one of the grandest ages of all ages. The Leosa age is the grandest age of all the church ages because it's the ending of time and the blending of eternity. And then it's also the greatest sinful age. It's more sin in this age than there's ever been. And the power of Satan is many times harder to fight against than it was in any age. How many can agree? Amen. Of course, we didn't live in any other age, but we can say the powers of Satan is hard to fight against. Uh in other ages, a Christian with his profession uh of just belonging to the church uh he could lose his head, he could lose his life, be put out of his misery. The prophet said, "And go meet God quickly." But now what makes this age so hard is that Satan has come in the name of a church. He's come and he's come in deception. And and Christ said that it'd be so deceiving in this age that these two spirits would be so close. It would deceive the very elect if it were possible. Now, right there, Christ has already mentioned, I will have an elect at the end time. Amen. This is the age of the personal life of Christ. The scriptures in describing this age call it a time of lukewarmness. To be lukewarm is is to be in a condition that will uh induce a person to vomit. You're neither in, you're neither out. Just a half-hearted partial effort kind of condition. And God said, "I'll spew it out of my mouth." It's a condition that when evaluating themselves, they can find nothing wrong because they say we're clothed. We already saw the skit about it. God says they're naked. They say they're rich. God says they're poor. They say they have need of nothing. And God says you're wretched and miserable. Now, what kind of condition is that? Sounds like the language we we hear today. Maybe you've heard it. I have my truth. How many's ever heard that? Well, this is my truth and you have your truth. Well, the truth is they they they say my truth is to live the way I want to. But the truth of it is Jesus said I am the truth, the way and the life. Amen. Because he is the only truth. Another another pressure in this age, amen, is uh the prophet said is the pressure of riches, soft living, nervous tension in a complex age that we seem unfitted to live in. Paul said the last day would be perilous, perilous times. That word perilous means fierce and hard to take. And and in describing that kind of condition, he would say the people of this last days would be pretenders. They would have a form of godliness, but they would deny the power thereof. And so I I can't think of a a better word than to describe that kind of condition today, and that is pretenders. We live in an age of a of advancement of science, and it has given Satan many platforms to attack you with. Every one of them are voices seeking to counsel you, seeking to influence you, and seeking to guide you. Amen. All of these are are attacks of Satan. Brother Benham said that Satan will attempt to destroy the personal experience of the spirit of God dwelling in us. And the experience of God is when he comes in, he illuminates your mind and by wisdom and knowledge of God through the word as the as the scripture would say that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. That you being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height. Hallelujah. And to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. But the depth of Satan will be he'll attempt to destroy that. Come on. He will, as always, attempt to make a substitute for reality. Amen. He will. And the prophet said, "How will he do it?" He will do it by taking away the knowledge of the truth of God. As we heard brother David preach, we live in a time of knowledge. Men are uh knowledge is increased, but they're never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. Amen. So he will take away the knowledge of the truth of God by destroying the word and putting forth his own and here say yeah hath God said and then he will substitute the personal Christ in our spirits. Amen. He'll do that here substitute the born again experience. Amen. Just like Israel did. Amen. They chose a king instead of God. And here, substitute that born again experience and it will be rejected in favor of church joining. I trust you bear with me a little bit because I'm going to get to Solomon, but I'm just talking about the age we live in and the challenges that you face. Amen. I want you to know God is not here to condemn you. He's here to help you. Amen. He's here to come alongside you and he wants you to know, Amen, your part in the kingdom of God. Amen. And you're not some poor beat down person that just happened to get here. In fact, to even be in this room, you had to have an invitation. And look what's happened. You might be sitting at your at your table thinking, "Nobody loves me. Nobody cares for me." Look what's happened. Somebody had a burden on their heart. Somebody gave you an invitation. Amen. Somebody put your name on it. Hallelujah. So he wants you to know. Amen. Amen. So, uh, if if Satan's going to try to take away this this personal experience with God and and put a a substitute in it as as we've seen so well played out. I I want to make an observation on that is that's why we see the attacks that that we see the kind of attacks that are coming forth that is coming on our minds fears, doubts, anxiety, depression, uncertainty, confusion. Amen. Coming in like a flood and sweeping people away with its power. Yes. Amen. But this has been predicted. It already said it would be this way. God already said that's the age that it'll be. That the those that claim to know me will have actually put me outside and they will not think they need me. they will have substituted me with church joining and and and being satisfied with my social circle and the times that I spend listen as we minister and and and spend time in the word and spend time dealing with people I'm running across more and more young people they're more worried about not fitting in with one another and I and I've tried to tell them I said amen you're only telling me you're not satisfied with your relationship with Jesus Christ. Because if you have that relationship with him, friend or no friend, circle or no circle, fitting in or not fitting in, there's a reality in your heart. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. But that's the age we're in. And it would be this age as the prophet said, "This is Satan's Eden. This is not God's Eden." Amen. This is not perfection. This is perversion. Amen. This is where Amen. the Holy Ghost has been so watered down that you can live any way you want to and be anything you want to because you have your truth and we're not allowed to judge. So he said it's that way. But because this age is moving the way it is and it's so fast and so much pressure upon the people. Amen. as the Bible said that God said they're wretched and they're miserable. Now he said this age has actually gone through trial. He said but that is not the attitude of a Christian as they go through trial. Amen. But it's the attitude of the age as they go through trial because a Christian as they go through trial, Amen, they receive strength as they go through it. They they actually can have joy as they go through it. Amen. Because they have somebody that they're in relationship with. But when you don't have that, you're wretched and you're miserable. And the prophet said that suddenly we see mental illness taking a toll upon the nation. A darkness coming in. And what is it? He said it's the advancement of science is moving so fast. Amen. That the human mind cannot keep up with how fast it's moving. That in just a short time it went from the buggy age all the way to the space age. Amen. Amen. And so it's moved. And so, as he said, without a known reason, men's hearts are failing for fear. Amen. The world is so dark in this age could well be called the age of neurotics. Amen. I think we're all well aware of that. And he says they're miserable. So then I ask you, Amen. In this kind of age, why did God call you here? Amen. Why didn't he call somebody more worthy of the age and more worthy to fight this kind of pressure? Because if it's the hardest age of every age, then why didn't God call his greatest warriors? Come on, man. And bring them down to this time. Why didn't he line up? Amen. David and Amen. We talk about him. Amen. We preach about him. Why didn't he put him here on the front row? Amen. Amen. Why didn't he bring a Samson? I think we saw him tonight, but man. Amen. No, actually we didn't. But Amen. Why didn't he bring a Samson? Can you imagine the greatest age that God would say, "I'm going to bring a Samson. I'm going to bring a David." Amen. The devil don't know what's going to hit him. But God never works that way. Because in their age, they also were weak. In their age and in their time, they weren't nothing to look at either. Oh, no. Now, forgive me. You're something to look at. All right. You look pretty. You look handsome. All right. But God could have done that. I was listening to the prophet as he's praying. And he said, "Father, Moses wasn't worthy of going down to Egypt, but you chose him." Peter, that we heard about last night, he wasn't worthy to be the apostle, but you chose him. And we are not our own. We're bought. And I'm not worthy to be your servant, but you have chosen them. Come on. I had read an article um from the National Archives um Benjamin Franklin had printed from back in 1744 and and it was a discussion and an invitation from the College of William and Mary and they were talking about the Native Indians and how to deal with them. And this college sent a letter to six Native American chiefs and they offered free education to 12 of the young braves. And the chiefs in this article said they politely declined the offer with the following reply. said, "So our young people were formerly brought up at the colleges of the northern provinces, and they were instructed in all your sciences, but when they came back to us, they were bad runners. They were ignorant of every means of living in the woods. They were unable to bear cold or hunger. They neither knew how to build a cabin, take a deer, kill an enemy. They spoke our language imperfectly. and they were neither fit for hunters, warriors, or counselors. They were totally good for nothing. The chiefs then made an offer of their own. They said, "If the gentleman of Virginia will send us a dozen of their sons, we'll take care of their education, and we're instruct them in all we know, and we will make men of them." Amen. You see, that's what this age, Amen, has done. It has taken away manhood. It has taken away identity until people don't even know what they are. I I saw a ballot for San Francisco for for voting and there was actually uh 72 choices you could choose to identify as. 72. I'm getting to the age I'm glad I can just say I I know I'm I know who I am. You'll get that. later. I appreciate you for saying amen. Amen. Amen. You can choose to identify however you want because you have your truth. But this age is not making men. It's not forming you into anything that can meet the challenge of the hour. Amen. But our Jesus said, "But as many as received him," John wrote, "To them gave he power. to do to will do what? To become sons of God. Amen. Amen. I'm I'm here to tell you they're not born of the will of man. They're not born of blood. You're not born into this because of your genealogy. Amen. Not by the will of flesh. I cannot put you in it. But I also can't take you out of it. Amen. You are born by the spirit of God. Amen. Not the will of man, the spirit of God. Amen. Solomon has been born into the royal household of David somehow. Amen. How many Solomon's we got here? You know, I was thinking about him that when David told him to be a man and when he told him he's young and tender, uh the historians, they all give a different time time that they thought how old Solomon was when that was written and when he he became king. Some said he was as young as 11. Josephus said he was 14. Can you imagine? Amen. Solomon couldn't even he wasn't even old enough to come to this banquet. Think about it. He had to be home with mom. But yet he's becoming a king. Amen. Scofield in his time he said he was 20 years old. Amen. When he became king. And as he's approaching this time, Amen. There's not a record of anything Solomon has done. We don't have a record of Solomon saying anything before he becomes king. By the age of 20, we'll just take the age of 20. His father David had already been anointed by Samuel to be the king of Israel. He had killed a bear. He'd killed a lion. He'd killed a giant. You know, young people, many times you feel overshadowed by those that have went before you. Come on. And you look at them and you say, "Well, I I haven't done anything." Well, I'm telling you, Amen. There's not a record of Solomon saying or doing anything. But yet David in in the book of of first Chronicles, he says, "Of all my sons, and I have many, God chose Solomon." God chose Solomon. David had sons that would fit the mold of a king. They looked more like a king. They had the They had the entitlement to be king. They had the ambition to be king. They had the talent to be king and they even thought they would be king and they tried to take the kingship. You can read it in your Bible. First Kings 1. Amen. Adinijah, the Bible says about him. He was pleasant to look at. He was he was goodly looking just like it said about Abselum. That was his vanity. He was good-looking. Said but ne his father David never displeased him at any time. That word displeas corrected him, never crossed him, never formed him, never taught him anything. But yet, when his father is getting old, the Bible says he's old in age. Don't look like he's doing anything. Don't look like he has any more power. Look like he can't remember anymore. Come on. The Bible said that Adinijah he formed a retinue around him. He formed people to run before him and said, "I am the king." And it even pulled some of David's old warriors and priests into that movement. And it became a very powerful movement. We don't hear a word from Solomon. You know, he's young and tender. He's weak. He's indecisive. He's not sure what he's going to be. He don't know what God has called him to do. All right. Yet, here's his brother. Good to look at. Amen. Amen. Even so much so that David's top general says, "I'll follow him." Even so much so that David's priest says, "I'll follow him." And here up they go and they're shouting. They're rejoicing. It looks like somebody's going to take his place. You know, when you begin to think God doesn't move, you know, David's old. They kind of begin to think that way about God that he don't do anything. He's the ancient of days anyway. You know, I tell you, he hasn't lost his power. That's right. Because you know where the power of the king is? His word. Amen. I tell you, this word is alive and this word is full of power. Amen. I want to say it again. This word is alive and this word is full of power. Amen. And you cannot receive this word unless God has already created a place inside of you. Amen. That will fit the word of God. That's why you're here. You say, "Well, how do I know you're here? Let's start right there." But your life can be overshadowed by those that go before you. David has lived a full life. He's anointed. He's gifted. He's a mighty warrior. He's a mighty king. He's a gifted songwriter. Amen. He's an anointed heart player that when he would play, Amen. evil spirits would get uncomfortable around him. They would begin to move and they would leave. Amen. In David's lifetime, he became very wealthy. His worth, David's worth, was in the billions, billions of dollars. I don't know why Trump's voice just flashed across my head, said billions and billions and billions, but it did, so I just said it. But his his wealth was in the billions of dollars. And I I'm sure D Solomon had listened to many stories of his father from the lips of other warriors describe the exploits of David call him the light of Israel. Those that were there the day Goliath was killed. I'm sure that they would tell him and and maybe as time went on the story embellished. I don't know. The giant might have got taller. He might have got wider. He might have got bigger. I don't know. But they would all remember this. David when it came time nobody else would fight that he meant he stepped out there and said I'll fight him and and all of them could recount all these warriors could recount as this boy this me this this young man ran to meet the giant Solomon's hearing all this how could I ever be that but you know what it's the character of God to come to the That's his character. And to lay upon the young in age or inexperience to lay upon them a burden that seems impossible to fulfill. It seems like that burden would be too big for an older and more experienced person. But God sees what's in that person. He knows what's there. and the burden is not too big for them. They just need to realize they're the one God's called. And he has called you to mature that prophecy that was spoken. I want you to notice that when God calls a person, he tells them what to do. Sometimes what he tells you is nothing more than follow me. And maybe all he asks, follow me. That don't mean you're not doing anything. But he wants to cultivate something in you as you follow him. Amen. That you're going to learn, Amen, how to be patient. And when you learn to be patient, then you're useful to him because he can use you. Because if you're not patient, you're always going to interrupt him. How many's ever done that with your parents? Well, my goodness. What kind of houses are up here anyway? Just the older people. I mean I okay son if you're listening I'm sorry but hey man uh you know my I I start telling my sons hey you got to do they say I know I had even told them but they already know. Amen. And if you're going to follow the Lord you can't keep telling them you know. Come on now. Hey I I hope this is all right. Brother Donnie can correct me afterwards. Amen. If you're there. And uh I remember I I was talking to a guy in counsel about his children, everything. I said, "Hey brother, they're doing this and they're doing this and they're doing this." And he kept saying, "I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know." And and he wasn't even listening to me. He kept saying, "I know. I know. I know. I know." And I said, "You don't know." He goes, "I guess I don't know." But that's kind of the way we get with God because we're nervous to be around when he says, "Follow me." God's going to do something. And sometimes you may be old. Moses was a man of 80 years old, but he was young and experienced. And God called him and God God gave him very specific instructions what to do. And he taught him how to trust him. I you know I I don't know sometimes maybe I would like to have been there to be able to see him tell Moses pick up that stick when it was a snake. And because when he put it down and became a snake, he ran. The Bible said he didn't just run, he fled from it. So that' been neat to see, you know, a man in a robe flying down the road at 80 years old. And God's teached him, you're going to have to trust me. Amen. That's how God is. He gave him his word and then he tried Moses by his word. You said, "You believe me? You say you trust me?" Then pick it up. Abraham was a man of 75 years old when God called him. So often times we don't understand that the trying of the word, the trying of the word is not failure, but it's God teaching you to put your faith in the sanctuary of the word because it's the only place it can rest. Samuel was just a boy when God called him and he gave him a message to speak. And Amen. And and Samuel is like probably many of us that when he heard the voice of God, he thought it was his pastor. He thought it was his priest. He didn't understand that that voice was God speaking. Amen. He was in the right He was in the right place, but he had the wrong understanding. Amen. And he kept going back. Young people, we don't understand sometimes how how patient God is with with us to keep on calling us. That's right. And he kept calling and and he kept he kept calling to to Eli. And Eli wasn't getting and finally Eli realized, "Well, this is God calling him." And he told him, he said, "Son, you go back and lay down." I want to tell you, if perhaps or per chance, he would call you again. You see, God doesn't have to call again. But he when he does, you say, "Here am I, Lord." See, this is what this is all about tonight. It's just to talk to you about the voice of God that he is knocking at your heart. And it's just a simple response. Here am I. Brother Brandham was just a boy of seven when the angel of the Lord appeared to him in a whirlwind spoke to him. David fought a giant that full-g grown men were afraid to fight. So being full grown and being grown up is can can be a different perception sometimes. So Solomon's life at this young age pales in comparison to this man David. And in David's own words, "My son is young and tender." Application mean he's still weak. So can you imagine if you're Solomon and you have to step into those footsteps, you have to assume those responsibilities and it would seem like how can I do that? We have, as I've already said, no such record of Solomon other than his birth to David and Basheba. But there was something about his birth that was recorded about him that said the Lord loved him. I tell you the Lord loves you. And you you might say, "Well, Brother Danny, I'd just like to know if I'm in that book." I tell you, I can tell you assuredly you get in Christ, you'll find your name everywhere. Amen. They asked Brother Brandham, "With a ministry like yours, shouldn't you shouldn't your name be somewhere in the Bible?" And he says, "Your name doesn't have to be in the Bible." He said, "Just get in Christ. And if you're in Christ, you're in the Bible." In fact, he said, "If you get in Christ, you're in your full position." Yes, sir. So, that's the objective. Get in Christ. Brother Danny, how do I get in Christ? By one spirit. We're all baptized. Amen. Into that body. Praise the Lord. But the Lord had spoken about the birth of Solomon and said he loved him and that he said this boy, this man will build a house for my name. Nathan the prophet called Solomon Jediah which means beloved of the Lord. So I want you to notice this connection. It was the prophet Nathan who brought the message to to David when David has the strong desire. Do you understand? Amen. this generation had had a strong desire. David had a strong desire to build a house for the Lord. And Nathan originally said, "Do all that's in your heart, David, for the Lord is with you." But the Lord came to him that night and told him, "Amen. David will not build this house." Amen. But one that comes from him is going to build this house, but you go tell David and remind him of where I brought him from and what I have done for him. Amen. And so and when he told him, he said, "I've took you from the sheep coat. I took you from following sheep to be ruler over my people Israel. Since that time, I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt. Even to this day, I've not dwelt in a house, but I've walked in a tent, and I've walked in a tabernacle. I was with you, David, wherever you went. And I cut off all your enemies out of your sight, and I made you a great name, like under the name of the great men that are in the earth." So God promised David that under his reign I will establish Israel. When David said, "I want to build your house," God came to David says, "No, you're not going to build my house, but I'm going to build yours." I'm going to establish my word in you. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. So David when he he realized that, you see, God is honored. God is honored when you have these intentions to do something for him. And even though it wasn't David's place to do it, God honored him. Amen. So he told David, "There be one that'll come from you. He'll be a man of peace and he'll build a house for my name." Amen. And I will establish the throne of his kingdom forever. I'll be his father. He'll be my son. If he commit iniquity, I'll chasten him with the rod of men, with the stripes of men. But my mercy shall not depart from him, as I took it away from Saul, whom I put away from before thee. And thy house and thy kingdom shall be established forever before thee. Thy throne shall be established forever. This message that God gave to David was about five years before Solomon was even born. And God is telling David through the prophet Nathan, I love you and I love the one that's coming after you and I already know him and I already know what he's going to do. In fact, I already have a work for him to do. You understand? That's called continuation. You might think, why am I even here? I'm going to say it again. Continuation. You are the most important generation at this time right now. Amen. Because you realize if this message dies out with old men, it's a failure. Amen. We need the strength of the young people. Amen. To rise up. That's what continue means. To rise up and catch the revelation. Praise the Lord. I think about the mercy of God because I'm going to tell you something. And you're not going to accomplish anything for him without his mercy and without his grace. Cuz he doesn't want your ability. He doesn't want your talent. He'll use it, but that's not what he's wanting. He's just wanting you. You said, "Brother Danny, but I'm nothing. I have this inferiority complex." How many have inferiority complexes? Amen. Just the preachers and the deacons. That's great. We're having a good time. Amen. All you Adanas and Abselums, let's talk about it. You think you're already ready for it? Let me tell you. Amen. The older you get, sometimes the more unsure of yourself you get. Amen. Amen. I I think and and you guys forgive me for this, but I think the older I get, Amen, the less I know. Sometimes I don't even know who I am. But I think about Solomon. You understand now? The Bible puts in there for a reason Abselum and his beauty. Adinijia. Amen. Being a goodly man and pulling people after them and and all of this. So it it it was in beauty. That's how Satan always presents himself. Amen. Something beautiful to the eye. Something beautiful to how people discern today, which is by the flesh and not by the spirit or the characteristic. And yet Solomon, he hadn't said a word. The Bible doesn't record anything he says until he becomes king. But the whole time before Solomon even ascended to the throne, that previous generation, David said, "All right, if God's going to do that, and if he's going to honor me," and he went back and he prayed. I'm going tell you, this is good advice to us people. Amen. When we ask God for something, he tells us no, and he tells you what he's going to do. Go back and thank him for telling you. Go back and thank him. Say, Lord, thank you. Now, do what you said. Do your word. I'm not going to ask what I want anymore. I'm asking you to do what you promised me. Amen. And that's what David did. Do what you have said in your words. Begin to pray the way God spoke. But you know the relationship of David with Basheba started in adultery. How many know that it started in adultery and it culminated in murder. And it was only when confronted with the truth. Amen. Because David, he was just going on. He wasn't doing anything to correct it. He was trying to hide it. And maybe I'm talking to somebody here that you're in that condition right now, trying to hide something. I tell you, you can hide it from everybody in here, but you can't hide it from God. But I want you to look how God will deal with it. Amen. When he was confronted when when Nathan came into David and be to tell him a parable about a rich man. Amen. And a poor man and their sheep. And the rich man was going to have a a a feast. Amen. He took that poor man's only sheep and killed and sacrificed that and used it for his feast when he had plenty himself. He said, "David, what should happen to a man?" You know, it's real easy to judge somebody else. David said that man should die before he dies. He needs to pay everything back however many times he has to do it. You know what Nathan turn around says? You're the man, David. Amen. David being a man after God's own heart knew how to repent. You know what the zeal of this hour is? To repent. Amen. What is repent, brother Danny? It says, "I'm sorry." Tell God, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." And David knew how to do that. And when he done that, Amen. God forgave him. Go read Psalms 51. He forgave him. How can then God look down through what looks like a twisted mess and say, "Through that relationship, I'm going to build my house." Perhaps that's why we don't hear nothing about Solomon before he takes the throne because he knows what grace is about. Because that house was built by grace, not by politics. Come on, church. Amen. We hear a whole lot from Abselum talking before he become king. We hear a whole lot about Adinijah talking before he become or tried to become king. Amen. But we hear nothing from Solomon because he knew what grace was. Amen. And he knew he couldn't put himself in anyhow. Amen. That if he's even in it, God's the one that put him in it. Amen. How can it's not by my will and it's not by my flesh. Amen. But it has to be God. Praise the Lord. David's actions cause the sword to be in his house because in God's own words, David had despied the despised the commandments of the Lord. Amen. But David realizes what he's done and with the and it what he realized brought a great repentance. You see, young people, God is always teaching us by his word. We cannot sweep our actions under the rug and think there's no consequences. But there are consequences. But true repentance brings grace. Amen. Amen. And this is that Solomon who comes from a relationship of grace. Brother Brandham said things that are to be you are pre-planned by God. Nothing happens by chance with God. He knows all about it. It's all pre-planned for many generations back that you would be here tonight. I believe we can repeat it again. Amen. That it was all pre-planned by God. He knew you would be here tonight. Praise the Lord. For Solomon, the kingship is a revelation. For the others, it's ambition and it's entitlement. Amen. Revelation does not bring ambition and entitlement. Revelation brings grace. Hallelujah. The others may look like kings, but Solomon has election. This drive to build a house for the presence of the Lord so that his presence can dwell there. Solomon is here for a special purpose. I want to build a house. You are predestined to build God a house. Can you imagine? Well, how am I going to build a house? You already said before the public, I'm weak and tender. In private, when you're dying, you tell me be a man. Isn't that great to have a youth banquet and I just, hey y'all, be man. Grow up. But he wasn't rebuking him. He's telling him come to your position. Amen. God has something for you. Praise the Lord. So don't resent the planning of the Lord. Don't resent that he's planned for you to be here tonight when it looks like the preacher is just scolding you or telling you what to do. It's actually the planning of God. Amen. For your life, sir. He places the word before you so that you might rise to the height of it. Amen. Up to this point, as we've already said, we do not see any input from Solomon. Every everybody else is busy planning for him. Ephesians 2:8 says, "For by grace are you saved through faith." Can you say amen? Not of yourself. It is a gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. But we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus. Don't resent his planning. Come on. Unto good works. But think about what these good works are which God hath before ordained. He's already ordained good works that you should walk in. So what are they? Get in Christ. Amen. The good works are in him. Brother Brandham said this modern events. Everybody doing okay? I won't be much longer. If you're a son or daughter of God, you're in God all the time. But he knew what bed in time you would be planted. So now you're made a creature of God, a son of God, a manifested son or daughter of God to meet the challenge of the hour. God needs some young man. He needs some young woman even even sometimes simply to stand up and say I'm a woman. Amen. I'm a man. He needs somebody. Amen. To be in the community that looks like what he formed. Somebody that looks like the image of God. Somebody that looks like what he had in his mind. What he planned to be here. Somebody that looks like a Christian. Well, I I know the skit. I know what you're thinking. Well, just looking like it is not enough. No, but if there's something that's attracting the people to how you look, then there should be something living in you that can answer it, right? Praise the Lord. Why? He said, "We are here to meet the challenge of the this hour to vindicate the true and living God of this hour." How many want to do that? Another thing about Solomon, you say, "I don't know what I'm here to do." Solomon was called to deal with problems that came from David's generation. And David said, "I'm not going to be the one to deal with it. You're going to be the one to deal with it." You realize we're dealing with spirits from previous generations that have come up in this time. And God said, "I trust you, the weak ones, the indecisive ones." Amen. I see something in you though nobody else has seen and it's not even on record. But there's wisdom in you. Amen. To know the God of your fathers. Praise the Lord. So, he's called to deal with that. God wants you to do the same thing. Hallelujah. Amen. When David was publicly publicly coronating Solomon to be king, 1st Chronicles 28, he he told Solomon this. Said, Solomon, my son, know thou the God of your father and serve him with all your heart. I want to I want to I want to I want to help you young people in this. Know the God of our fathers. Know him. See what his character is. See what his ways is. Know what he has to say. Cuz when situations begin to rise among us, Amen. then you won't be so surprised cuz you know God's already talked about it. Amen. Solomon was tasked to build a temporary place of such glory and expense that everything thereafter be compared to that building. Yet that was not God's desire to dwell in a house made with hands. He said, "I I I'm not going to dwell." Stephen said, as he preached that Acts 7, he said, "Can God dwell in a house made with hands?" No. He wants to dwell in a house he made. And ye are the temple of God. Paul would say in Ephesians 2, "You're the habitation of God through the spirit. That's his temple. That's where he's at right now. That's where he's dwelling. Well, what is Brother Danny? What is my job? I'm going to tell you what your job is. Brother Brandham said, "As kings and priests," he said, "we are kings and priests to bring in the Messiah." You have the biggest job on earth and that is to bring other people into the presence of the king. And the king is not a man on earth but it's the king of glory and he wants to use you. That's the treasure in you is to bring you into the presence of the Messiah. Just a couple more things. Most dangerous things a preacher can say. Right in the story of David and Solomon, the Bible shows us a beautiful portion of scripture to read that he has prepared extensively for Solomon's work. Solomon did not come to the throne when his his father told him, "Be a man and I charge you to walk in the ways of God so that the word of God can continue." He did not bring him to that hour with no resources. Amen. But at the time that Solomon became king, his father was very rich. Men have tried to estimate how wealthy David was. His wealth was anywhere from 300 to 800 billion dollars in today's money. Now that's that's a pretty big gap in what could be, right? 300 to 800. David, the Bible says in gold alone contributed of his own wealth $300 billion to build the temple, which the worth of the temple was that that Solomon built was around $350 billion. You ever been in a building that expensive? So basically, the Bible's telling us Solomon has unlimited wealth backing him up. God did not put him in that position with no resources to fulfill it. God has unlimited resources tonight. He has resources of strength. He has resources of grace. He has resources of mercy, the Holy Ghost power to fulfill the job unlimited. In fact, the prophet would say every soul in here is worth 10,000 worlds. Can anybody tell you how much worth that is? Well, that's why there's such a big gap. They really don't know the worth. 300 800 billion. He said the net worth of Solomon at his richest peak was in between two or three trillion dollars. How many could handle that? And that don't even excite you. I don't know what else to say. Amen. But let me tell you, God is trying to show you something. Amen. The value that he puts on is what the spiritual worth is. A soul is worth 10,000 worlds. And here's God's telling them, these men in the natural had unlimited resources. In fact, one one historian said, David at that time had half of the gold on the planet in his treasury. He had a lot of money. He fought a lot of wars. He got a lot of tribute. He got a lot of spoil. I want to tell you, our heavenly father has had generations. He's had amen thousands of years fighting wars. You understand the weapons in the treasury of David is still open. Amen. Praise the Lord. Paul would say in Ephesians 3:7, "Whereof I was made a minister according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power unto me who am the less than the least of all saints is this grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles, the unsearchable." See, you can think it's worth this much. You I just want to say this. When Jesus came, the religious world at that time put his worth at 30 pieces of silver. That's the worth they put on God. He turns around and puts on you 10,000 worlds. You're worth so much that it was only him that could get you. Young people, I don't know what you've been through. I don't know what your situations are at home. You all look nice tonight, but I know home can be some of the loneliest places to live. your minds, the battlefield of your mind, and the enemy begins to tell you, "You're not worth anything. You're not worth anything. You've had so much taken from you. You've you've given up so much and you've heard the preaching and you're not measuring up to that. You're not worth anything." I want to tell you something. He's lying to you. Amen. God has already said what you're worth. Amen. Amen. And his worth was he came himself. And that's why tonight we can preach the unsearchable riches of Christ. It's not 300 to 800 billions. It's not two or three trillion. It's unsearchable. You're never reaching. You know why? Because my father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. And not only that, he's the one that makes gold. So if gold runs out here, just make more. It's unsearchable. It'll never run out. Let me just tell you something. Mercy will never run away from you. It'll follow after you. Goodness will follow after you. We have resources behind us to put us on the throne and to fulfill the word of God. Amen. One more quote and I I'll close. When you realize what are we doing here? Where do we come from? What business do we have being here? We're not put here by chance. We're put here for a purpose. And we must serve that purpose. Still, we're back on the basis of free moral agency where we can serve God or we can reject it. Just like Adam did in the beginning. Brother Brandon began to commend those that played the piano and those that stood up and sang. He said, "I'm looking at that little lady playing the piano. I was hearing them as they sang and we were talking about them on the road here. a little family that dedicated their whole life and everything to Christ. And look at how orderly that family is. Look at those little girls, their their example of young womanhood of of teenagers. He said, and and he and he begins to say where he was in New York and he'd got and there said it was a city block full of beatnicks, the girls down there with leotards on and nothing but little bikinis or whatever over the top of it. Oh, it was just he said they do anything in their mind and no matter what it is, he said it's beatnick. They can do anything. If they want to lay down and don't get up, they lay down and they don't get up. If they want to do a certain thing, they do it. If they don't, they don't. Their mind is just traveling. What does the unconverted mind come to? You have no right to do that cuz you're not your own. You're bought with a price. You're bought by deity, Jesus Christ, the son of God made flesh. But it's a conglomeration of sin. You see? But these young girls, they like that that dedicated their lives to Christ, they stand out to me in this time of darkness. It's a fork light. It's a zigzag whip of God in the skies to show there can be light. There can be righteousness in the midst of sin. Praise the Lord. Mary, the mother of Jesus, in the city of Nazareth, the meanest city in the land, but out of there, God chose a little lady about 15 years old. How many 15 year olds we have here tonight? Boys, don't raise your hand. Talking about girls. Come on, somebody. Nobody. Oh my. Where? One, two. Amen. 15 year old girls. Amen. And God chose that girl. Amen. To be an incubator. Amen. For Jehovah. And not only that, she had to say a certain thing back to Gabriel. How can this happen? How can this be? He said, 'The Holy Ghost will overshadow me, overshadow you. And she said, be it unto me according to thy word. You see, that's what he's looking for from us. Just to agree with him. Amen. If you ask how can it happen, don't say I don't believe it can happen. Say how can it happen? Here, tell you. Amen. God works through human beings to redeem human beings. He can take you, he can work through you to redeem humanity if you completely dedicate everything you are. If you're a young woman, dedicate your morals. If you're a young man, dedicate your morals. Dedicate your mind. Dedicate your thinking. Dedicate your heart. Dedicate your soul. Dedicate all you are. and let Christ work through that. What a glorious things. You got rivers to cross. You got bridges to go over. You got brier patches. You got thickets. You got woods. You got dark places. You got high hills. You got high climbs. And what are you doing someday? You're stand and look back and see where you come from. And you're going to be judged by the course you take. Put your mind and your thought on the north star, the center of God. Don't move from it. Stay right with it. How many say that's my desire? That's what I want. Look at all the hands of you young people. Is that in vain? Are you raising your hands in vain? Or is God seeing it? I believe he's seeing it. I believe he sees your heart. I believe he sees the desire there. I don't believe it's in vain. In fact, amen. The prophet said it's an act that goes against gravity. There's something in you says, "Yes, that's what I want to be." I'm not raising my hand just because somebody else is looking. I'm raising my hand because that's the desire of my heart. And I want to thank God tonight. Amen. I may feel overshadowed by the warriors before me, but I realize those warriors that came before me can't do what I can do. They're not called to do what I can do. Amen. He called me to do it. And I want to say, Lord, use me. Let's stand together. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Aren't you thankful for a father with unlimited resources? I'm thankful for a God that said, "I'm not going to leave you alone in this age." But you got all the power of heaven behind you here at this time. Draw from it. Draw from it. Heavenly Father, we love you, Lord. We pray that you would take your word just now. The things that been spoken and establish it in the hearts of those that have listened. Father, one person, two person, many more than that raise their hand. May the enemy's taunted them and say there's there's nothing to you. In fact, even your own church, hardly anybody knows anything about you. Don't you know he knows you? He loves you. He's here to talk to you. What's that little voice in your heart telling you? Just turn to me. Follow me. Come follow me. You're so gracious, Lord, out of your great resources to give them of your riches. all the riches of your grace, the riches of your mercy, the riches of your love. And we want to know you. We want to know you. You in the depth, into the breadth and the height. We want to know you. Lord, bless these people tonight. Bless all the efforts that have been made. And may Father, you just commune with them as they go home. and Lord that there will be a harvest of the things that have been done here tonight. For we ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Amen. Can we say praise the Lord? How many wants God to be able to use you for whatever capacity he's called you to be? And our way of thinking looks like it'd been better off if he had had David and Samson and maybe some of those great people. But God knows how to place each of us. No matter what your age is, what you think you can do or cannot do, what's really important is is that we find what he knows is ordained us to do. I want to say before we go, we so appreciate the sermon tonight. Brother Danny, thank you my brother. Um, also want to say how much we appreciate all the effort that's been put forth and all this to make it look so beautiful. The sanctuary from the church been working on it for several weeks. Certainly appreciate the food. Did you enjoy the food? We appreciate all those that served us. We thank thank them for doing that. All those that are willing to come and and share that with us tonight. We thank you. Let's just pray [Music] together. Heavenly Father, there may be some here tonight that feels like they're hardly anything. What could they do? What could they say? when the lives of great men all remind us that we can make our lives sublime. So Lord, we feel inferior. Your way of doing things is so different to us. You had a great man by the name of Abraham and another great man by the name of Jacob and then just a mediocre type of man by the name of Isaac. Not near as much written about his life, not near as many great events written about him, but yet in his life, you hid the mystery of yourself and your Rebecca bride. So Lord, may we not just be overwhelmed by those that have gone before us and maybe even ones that we look at today that are such mighty men or mighty women. But may we become what you have in your mind for us, Father. Each young man, each young woman, those of us that have been in this war for many, many years. But Lord, we also still have that same desire. Help us tonight, Father, as we depart from this place tonight. May your blessings be upon our lives as we gather again in the morning to hear what you've got on your mind for us, Lord. Amen. And again on Sunday, we're looking for a great time, a great visitation of your presence. Would you grant it, Lord, in Jesus [Music] name? Well, we'd love to thank you all. Please have a seat for one second. Just a couple of announcements to finish us up. We do have the photo booth still going, so make sure you get your pictures there. We also have some t-shirts. If you would like a t-shirt or a sweatshirt, we have that by the photo booth as well. And we look forward to uh to at the pavilion. The pavilion we're going to have some ice cream. Tony is working the ice cream. Some nachos and some things that we can enjoy and fellowship together. And as I look around all these things and the sermon and the nest, getting that nest up there is amazing. Now you can stand up, take a look around, look at the other people. All right, go ahead everybody. Stand up. Take a look around. And what we wanted to share with you tonight is to tell you from the servants that are cleaning up in the back that are served that served you all night from the ministry that was here as well is that what we tried to convey to you and I think I hope came through you to your heart is that we love you. We love you very very much. Do not take that for granted. That is not in the world. What from one that came to the message at 35 years old that is not in the world. There is nothing there for you. And we love you and we hope you have a wonderful fellowship time tonight. be happy in the Lord. And I mean that little bear over there says we love you. This nest says we love you. Do you know what it took to get that up there? Big forklift thing. Okay. So recognize that we love you. We want you to have a wonderful time and continue this weekend tomorrow's service at 11. I should have looked that up and put that in my notes. I It's 11. And we're going to have a wonderful time in the Lord. God bless you all. And you're welcome to fellowship in here as well. and then we'll see you at the pavilion too if you're so inclined. We couldn't do the bonfire. There was a a fire uh hazard thing and so we're going to fellowship with nachos instead. All right. God bless you all. Thank you. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
