################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - Godliness Pt.3 - 09/14/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   Godliness Pt.3 - 09/14/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5RzlmPM56s
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat up [Music] [Music] here. Fourth [Music] [Applause] thing, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Laying up my treasures in that home above. Trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. &gt;&gt; Doing what I can for heaven's holy dove. I'm getting ready. Oh, let's sing about it this morning. Oh, getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Through each earthly trial I love can trace. Sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Oh I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh now getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record bright. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." If it were not true, I would have told you so. Just a little while to linger here below. Then I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, we're getting ready to leave this world. We're getting ready for the gates of world. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, we're getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. world. Oh, that's the truth. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise if you love him this morning. Thank you, Lord. And that's not just singing the words of a song. I believe that's reality. We're getting ready to leave here. Aren't you glad about it this morning? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God today. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in church to worship the Lord in spirit and in truth. Amen. Have any visitors in our midst today? I already have seen some uh in our midst. We want to say we welcome you to uh our assembly today. Trust you'll just receive a a tremendous blessing from being here. We're really glad to have you. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say we welcome them to this service today, too. Let's give all those folks a good hand this morning if you would. Praise the Lord. Brother Paul Phillips, if you get ready to pray this morning over the prayer request, Sister Sandy Baggot wants us to remember her niece's baby. He has been in the NICU for four weeks having feeding difficulties. So, they're asking that we would remember that child. We'll remember them as we pray today. Pray for Fred Walton's family. you passed away yesterday. That was brother Randy Walton's brother. So, we want to remember that family in prayer. Brother Terry Stockton says he wants to thank the church family for praying uh for his surgery on his eye. I it was very successful and I sure appreciate the prayers. Please pray for Jerretta having a lot of pain in her left leg. Thank you. God bless. So, we just commit those needs unto the Lord. Sister Barbara Grley's cousin was involved in a motorcycle accident and is currently in critical condition. Let's just remember him as we pray today. Want to remember uh Gertrude has a a very sore problem knee. Uh Gson Katrina Girtson's I believe is the name sends that in from Canada. So hope I got that name close to right. Let's remember those folks as we pray today. I want to pray for Sister Becky Lynch, sick, unable to be in the house of the Lord. Uh Sister Angie Brown says to please pray for me. Just some things going on with some folks. She's just asking the Lord to intervene and and let everything be resolved. And I we just believe he's able to do that, don't we? Amen. All the unspoken prayer requests, we just commit all these things unto the Lord. Let me make a couple of announcements real quickly. We're accepting changes, additions, and deletions for the upcoming church directory. Beginning today, we will accept changes until Wednesday, October the 15th. Please come by the library for more information. And due to ongoing construction and equipment at the playground area, we're asking the parents to keep your children away until it is completed. We anticipate it to be fully completed and open by the end of next week. Thank you for your cooperation. So, let's remember that. Let's sing that little chorus one more time as brother Paul gets ready to pray. We're getting ready to take a trip. &gt;&gt; We're getting ready, as brother Donnie says so many times, the world's biggest youth meeting. You're going to be part of it. &gt;&gt; Now, you may be a little aged this morning, like a lot of us are, but you're fixing to be young again. Are you glad about that? &gt;&gt; Are you glad to be getting rid of all these old aches and pains and troubles? We're getting ready to leave this world. Sing me one more verse of that and then we'll do the chorus. To prepare a mansion, Jesus said, "I'll go." If it were not true, I would have told you so. Just a little while to linger here below. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for the gates of world. Keeping my record dry, watching all day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. You know, there's a man had a dream one time and he dreamed there were two fields and there was a fence between the field. One side of the fence was the devil. The other side was Jesus Christ. The devil said, "You have to make a choice." He said, "If you choose me, I'll give you prosperity. I'll give you happiness. I'll give you joy. I'll give you a lot of fun. But if you choose him, I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to do everything I can to just destroy you. I'll take all your happiness away. I'll put everything I can away in your life. But you got to make the choice. The guy said, "I'll tell you what. I'm going to sit on the fence. I'll get a little bit of this and a little bit of that." That lasted for a while. Then everything went dark. The devil came to grab him. He said, "No, no, stop. You can't take me. I never chose you. He said, "Too bad. I own the fence." &gt;&gt; Think about that. &gt;&gt; Let's remember these prayers and all your requests on your heart as we pray. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, I think of this nation where we're at right now. situation with Charlie Kirk and the family. But I think of each and every one of us here, we know it's real close to time. We better be getting ready to go. If anyone here is sitting on the fence, Lord, help them to choose you and get ready to go. Help this to be the service, Father God, they commit their life to you, Jesus, fully. Father God, each of these requests, there's one had an accident and one recovering from surgery, different sick ones and different very needs, each and every need on the heart here. Father God, I ask that you speak to each need. Go and heal the brokenhearted, but most importantly, heal the soul. Father God, you know what it takes. Forgive us each and every one of our sins. Help us to be ready for your service. Be with brother Donnie the remainder of this service and every part of it. For we ask this in your name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother. God bless you, brother. Appreciate you. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering. Let's sing a little song. We've sang it a lot, but I like to hear Brother Harry do the verses really, really well. And he does them really, really well. So, it's hard to believe he's 65 years old, isn't it? It really is. He just sings so good to be that old. We love you, buddy. See the bright light shine. Praise the Lord. Brothers, if you could pull that up. The bad part about being that old is I can't remember what key we do it in. M. That seems low. But don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you ready to go? I'm sick of this world. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's try D. There's a light in the window. The table spread in splendor. Someone standing by. an open door. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's the truth. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can see a crystal river. Glory. &gt;&gt; Oh, I must be near forever. Cuz I've never been his home sick before. Oh, see the bright lights shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness glory. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never in this home sing before. I can see the family gathering. &gt;&gt; Sweet faces are all &gt;&gt; but no one's hallelujah people anymore. Oh Lord, my lonesome heart is crying. I feel like spreading my wings are flying. Cuz I've never been this home sick before. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father's standing. He's at the door. This world has been away for me. Oh, sing it to deliver. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sing. Yes. See the bright lights shine. It's just about hold time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. But I'm ready for Lord. I've ever been in this home sing before. I can see the family. You come on to the platform. Sweet faces look familiar, but no one told nobody's fever anymore. Oh Lord, my lonesome heart is crying. I feel like spreading my wings for flying. Cuz I've never been this homeick before. See the bright light shine. It's just about time. I can't see my father's standing at the door. This world is just a wilderness. I'm ready for deliver. Oh Lord, I've never been this sing. The world is a wilderness. Thank you, Lord. God's ready for her deliverer. Lord, I've never been this sing before. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You can be seated. God bless you. Give our singers a nice hand as they get ready to sing for you. [Music] Take my life and let it be my soul devoted Lord to thee. Take my moments and all my days. Make them endless praise. Take my heart and let it move in spirit and in truth for the glory of your name. With every breath that's in me, with every song and me, [Applause] let it be a hallelu. [Music] In every breaking moment, in every blessing magic, let it be a hallelu. [Music] Oh Lord, let it be a hallelu. All my hopes and all my fears, every trial, every tear. In the chaos, you remain faithful all the way. Through the victories, through the scars. Let me echo who you are for the glory of your name. [Music] With every breath that's in me, with every song and me, let it be a hallelu. In every breaking moment, in every blessing that you give, let it be a hallelujah. Oh Lord, let it be a hallelujah. Let it be a hallelu. Let it be a hallelu. Nothing but a hallelu to you, God. Let it be a hallelu. Nothing but a hallelu. Let it be a hallelu to you God. With every breath that's in me, with every song and me, let it be. Let it be. Oh, in every breaking moment, in every blessing that you give. Oh, let it be a hallelu. I pray. Let it be a hallelu. Oh Lord, let it be a hallelu. [Music] Let it be a hallelujah to you God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] In my walk, in my talk, in how I live. Let it be pleasing to you in my thoughts, in my heart, in how I live. Let it be a sweet aroma to you. Only you my Lord. I owe you worship. I owe you me. I owe you my life, Lord. My everything. living each moment Lord unto thee. I owe you worship. I owe you me. Oh, I will love. I will trust all that I have. Lord, you are the great Jehovah. I'll sing. I'll lift my hands. Lord, unto you, Lord. You are the great Jehovah. Oh Lord, let it be a sweet aroma to you. Holy you. I owe you worship. I owe you me. I owe you my life, Lord. My everything. Giving each moment, Lord, unto thee. I owe you worship. I owe you me. [Music] Lord, have mercy on me. [Music] As I fall to my knees, create in me a pure heart and renew arise spirit in me. Lord, in me I owe you worship. I owe you me. I owe you my life, Lord, my everything. Oh, living each moment, Lord, unto thee. I owe you worship. I owe you me, Lord. I owe you worship. I owe you me. I owe you my life, Lord. My everything, Lord, living each moment, Lord, unto thee. I owe you worship. I owe you me. and every day. Oh, and we r [Music] oh. [Music] [Applause] Aren't you glad for that? You feel that desire. [Music] I've been blessed with many things. God's been so good to me. I have family and friends who share in all I do. [Music] But if I lose it all and I am left with nothing. If I have the Lord, then I know I'll make it through. He's the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. [Music] He's the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. [Music] There's nothing in this world that is worth living for. It only leaves you empty and longing for more. He's the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. [Music] You may try a lot of things to find real happiness. [Music] But if you look very long, then you know it can't be found. [Music] But when you find the Lord and the power of his holy spirit, his holy spirit, he'll be your reason to live and he will never ever ever lead you down. He's the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. [Music] He's the only reason I live. Oh, what a reason. There's nothing in this world worth living for. It only leaves you empty and longing for more. He is the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. There's nothing in this world worth living for. It only leaves you empty and longing for more. He's the only reason I live. Yes, he's the only reason I live. But oh, what a reason. [Music] &gt;&gt; Do you honestly know of another reason? &gt;&gt; People live for pleasure. They live for sin. live for all types of different things, but this is the only reason that can give you eternal life. &gt;&gt; Cars, money, fun, sin, all those sorts of things. Yeah. Never give you eternal life. Don't you love him today? Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad that he's not a a doctrine, you know, he's not a theology, but he's a person. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A person. Let's read about him today. What do you say? Second Peter chapter 1 verse two. I was talking to Carol the other day on the phone. I was out here working a little bit. And I told her while I've been working, I've been praying and concentrating and thinking about the Lord. And I told her, I said, "You know, we talk about it and we hear people talk about it a lot about wanting more of the Lord in our lives. We want more of Jesus. We need more of Jesus. We need more of him." And I told her, I said, "I've been looking at this on the statue of a perfect man for a good while now." And I told her, I said, "I'm really wondering if what we're longing for isn't more of himself living out of us." Because we say wanting more of him, what's that mean? More power, more anointing, more more what? More miracles, more signs, more wonders. We believe in all that, don't we? But will most of you get more miracles in your life? Will most of you start having prayer lines and praying for the sick? And most of you won't. What about more traveling around the world and being missionaries? Most of you won't. But can all of you, including me, get more of this? And actually, when we get this, we're getting him. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness which means to be like God through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped. Escaped, which means we were held in prison by it. &gt;&gt; But we escaped. Thank God Jesus held the key to the door and let us out, &gt;&gt; having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. Let's read verse six again. And to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness. and to godliness, brotherly kindness. And to brotherly kindness, charity. How many to be remembered today? Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads to the dust of the earth from once our bodies were taken. Dear God, we realize that if all we have is just mortal life, how wretched we would be. As Paul said, we sorrow not as others who have no hope. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again and would also sleep in Jesus will God bring with him when he comes. Lord, that's our hope. It's not in this life only. As we endeavor to look into your word today, I pray you'd open our hearts, our understanding, certainly our minds. Our minds are a channel of course, but more importantly than that, may the spirit of God strike our souls and help us to be recipients of the word. Help me, Lord Jesus, that I can get out of the way. Speak to us, Father, what's on your heart today. What is on your heart for our church today? What is on your heart for our lives? for this service. I want to hear from you today, Jesus. We've not come to hear from a man. Man can't help us very much, but we're to hear from you. Speak to us, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask it. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. So godliness means to be like God. H. So humans are ask of the Lord Jesus to be perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. And then Peter comes and says that we're to be like God. Paul says that we're endeavor to keep the bond of the spirit and the unity of the faith. And then says to receive charity which is the bond of perfectness. That sounds like a pretty tall order, doesn't it? That almighty God would ask of us mortals which were born in sin and born lost. And then even after we're saved, full of so many faults and shortcomings. I mean, it still has faults and shortcomings and flaws and imperfections. All of us do. Those of you that didn't raise your hand, I can see one of your biggest ones lying. And yet God, it's like God doesn't even look at that when he says what he wants us to be. God doesn't even look at our faults and our flaws and say, "Well, I I I understand that. And because you've got so many, I I'm going to make a special exception for you. And I'm going to say that you don't have to have that." No, he doesn't. If he did, there wouldn't be anybody there cuz we've all got them. Got them. And our lives are so filled with some. And yet Paul in First Timothy here, he says, "And without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness." I know you've read this many times, but did you notice that he did not say, "Great is the mystery of God, &gt;&gt; but godliness." Now, without a shadow of a doubt, the mystery of God is tremendous. It's a wonderful thing. But here he's focusing on something else, something a little different than just theos, which is the godhead, but godliness. Then he goes into the key of how that you and I are going to be able to do this. God was manifest in the flesh. God was manifest in the flesh. That's the key. God was manifest in the flesh. Human weakness. &gt;&gt; Human weakness. The Lord Jesus feared death. The Lord Jesus was tempted by women. The Lord Jesus was tempted by drinking. The Lord Jesus prayed to dodge the cross. &gt;&gt; Great is the mystery of godliness. God manifested in flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached into the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. So to be have this attribute or this virtue as the prophet called it of godliness is to be like God in what way? Now you say, "Brother Donnie, but we're so fallen from that image. Truly we are." But those that are born again actually have already crossed into another dimension. And according to what Paul said, we've been translated into the kingdom of his dear son, which gives us godlike characteristics and traits. So what is God? God is light. God is a spirit. God is a consuming fire. God is many, many things. And then John encapsulates it all in first John and said God is love. So God is not just loving. God is not just loving. But God is love, which is not the same thing. &gt;&gt; Now you see as a Christian, I don't want to just be loving. Christians should not just desire to be loving that we can love people and we can love this and love that. We should have a desire greater than just to be loving and that is to be love. Now I want to be loved. Anybody here want to be loved too? We want to be loved by families and friends and and people. We want to be loved. But I want to be more than loved. I want to be love. Now there are degrees of course of love. And the prophet typed it to us like a great fountain of stream that come from eternity. And then the further it got from him, the more impure that it became. So God is not the author of much of what we hear today. That is love. But it's come down from the purity of the fountain. And the further it comes away from him, the more filthy it becomes. So people can love all kinds of things and all kinds of people, but it doesn't mean that that is the love of God. So God is not only love but God is a lover. So God is a lover. And because he is love that attribute demands that he moves into the characteristic and the trait of being a lover. Now we also if we're going to be godlike, we must also be lovers. But lovers of what? Well, if any man loves the world, the love of the father is not in him. So that lets us know father God does not love the world which is cosmos world order. He does not love the order of the day. God does not no he does not become a part of the agenda of the left or the right whichever way you lean politically. But God is a lover. So what does he love? He loves things of his own kind and of his own nature. And yet he can love sinners, love sinners, and hate their sin. So God is a lover. Notice this. The prophet said, "God is a lover. God is love." So God's loved the world when they were unlovable. That he gave his son to make them lovable. Here it is. God wants to come down to make love to you. He's seeking, thirsting, hungering, trying to get some of your starchy hearts to make love to you as a love affair. So God don't want church to be a ritual, a routine. Well, we going to church today, I guess. So it's Sunday morning. We might as well go. You're not a lover. You're not a lover. If you're in love with God, you can't wait till them doors open to be able to get here. So he wants it as a love affair, not a law, but love. It's all in love. God so loved. Again, he says, "My prayer is for the church that we can have such love to will love people when they love us not." That's what the church needs today is to express a love even to a man that could spit in your face. spit in your face and you could still not from a hypocritical standpoint, but from your heart pray for that man's soul. And the church said, &gt;&gt; how many can say, "Lord, help me." Mhm. Lord, help me. Notice again he says, "If you can just love those who love you, the sinners do the same thing. But we're different." Now sinners can love their own kind. And it's easy to see, friends, that we're living in a world that is so full of hate. Now, this is the phenomenal thing to me about it. Many, many people, and now naturally by relative birth, it's easier for us to hate sometimes than it is to love. But there's some people who hate that actually never become hate. But they just hate, but they don't become hate. But when you become hate, it's hate to the deepest dimension that it can go. So you actually become so full of hate that you despise. Then what do you do? You enter into a phase of murder because that's what Cain did to his brother Abel. So Cain looked at that. He hated what he done. He hated that Abel was accepted. And we can certainly see that in the age we're living in. My goodness, you can't even differ with people on your politics and let them live. We've seen what it's done even in our own nation. People killing one another because they differ with sin in politics. Yet, does everybody do that? They don't. But some people will become hatred to such a degree that they actually enter in and become hate. Well, that tells me if they can do that under the influence of darkness, what about people that are filled truly with the Holy Ghost, cannot they move into a realm that they just don't love, but they actually become love. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If a sinner can become a hate to such a degree, they would kill. They would murder anyone that would disagree with them. Anyone that would get in their way of whatever they want to do or want to accomplish yet everybody doesn't do that. Thank God. Not yet anyway. Why? Because they hate but they've not become it yet. And many people love. They even love God. Prophet said they could 1965. You could love and even love God and still be lost. Why? They've entered into the very beginning stages of love. And they love God from their human spirit. They love him. They really do. And they want to be a Christian. They don't want to be lost. But yet, do they become love? Now, we're talking about bride material. And it's the same way with those that Satan will get to carry out his most vile and most wicked things. You see, Satan only mimics God. So, he sees that God gets a hold to certain people and they they move beyond just going to church and being good people and paying their tithes and helping the widows. They actually become the very essence of what God wants them to be. Others just kind of hang around the fringes. And Satan thought, "That's a great idea. I'm going to do some of my people the same way. I'm going to let some of them just kind of hang around." And you know, they they'll be lost, they'll wind up being lost just like the others. But I'll need some that'll become so engrossed with me and my program and my agenda and what I want if I I'm going to need some humans that'll kill other humans. I'm going to need some humans that will just do the utmost and that they'll do everything they can to cause trouble and chaos. Everybody don't do that that's not even saved. But there's some it's like they move into that degree where they can give their whole soul, their whole body, their whole being to God. They become obsessed with God, the righteous do. And then you look at the other side, Satan's got them. And they become so obsessed with Satan and they just they hate this move. They hate this agenda. They hate this preacher, this church, whatever it is. and they hate so oh my with such a degree they've got to kill somebody they got to take it out on somebody and where did Satan get that idea he watched the people of God how much they can love God so much and they would be willing to die you realize basically there's two degrees in Islam those that that really that really carry out what their leader did now I've got the the book of Quran and I've read a a great great portion of And those that are called today this extreme Islam and jihadists and all that, they are the ones that really personify their prophet because that's what their prophet was. He was a murderer. He was a rapist. He was a liar. You make him a saint if you want to. It proves you ain't never really read much about him. So those in this day that followed that faith so-called and the jihadists are actually acting like their messengers. But then there's others that embrace Islam and no, we're more peaceful and no, we love everybody and we just try to get along and and we really don't kill everybody and all that. They really don't believe what he did or what he said. Cuz all you got to do is read the Quran and you'll find out the way he feels and the way those who really follow him feels about us today because we're infidels. That's right. According to what he called us and according to their own Quran, they are are obligated to kill us. Well, you see, I find the same thing around the message of the hour. There are people who are so in love with the Lord Jesus and they love this message and the Lord Jesus so much. They're following the life and the example of the prophet of God that was sent to us. Why? Because he loved the Lord Jesus so much. He wanted to do whatever he called him to do. And then there's others that's around the message and they're not jihadists at all. You know, they just hang around the message and do what they want to. They pick and sort and get whatever they want. But you realize there's always been that element of people that have the ability to give to God everything that they are. I honestly feel sorry for those who cannot because there's really people on the earth today that they can't do it. They're just not ordained to and they never will. But for those who are called to love God into this degree, he wants them to become the epitome of what he is. And they won't just talk about it. They won't just do good deeds and say, "I love my neighbor. I love my neighbor." No, we're not talking about those that love you. We're talking about you're able to love the man that would walk up and and spit in your face &gt;&gt; and you not clench up your fist or rare back your hand and smack him in the mouth or wait till you get home or get out in the parking lot and pull out your phone and then start posting about it on Facebook. Facebook is everybody's pullpit, ain't it? &gt;&gt; Oh my. I I find it amazing. Preachers even getting on there going back and forth and back and forth and church people hanging out their dirty laundry of what's going on in the church and family members hanging out their dirty laundry before the world to read. Have we lost our minds? &gt;&gt; I'm asking you a question. Have we lost our minds? The majority of the world has, friends. &gt;&gt; Come on. But now notice he goes on to say, "If you can just love those who love you while sinners do the same thing." But we're different. When Christ comes into our heart, we love those who don't do not love us. Love the unlovable. Then we're unlovable one time, too. You know, and Christ loved us until we came to him. Then if we be of Christ and Christ is in us, we have the same spirit of fellowship and cooperation and helping to try to move the great load and make life a little easier for our fellow man. Now, how many people do you really know that live that kind of life? But there's some people that get joy out of causing people trouble. There's people that get joy out of causing godly men of God heartache and trouble. That's exactly right. They they do their family. There's children that absolutely love causing havoc in their home and dividing their home. I feel sorry for that type of people myself. Now notice first John 3:16, not John 3:16. As all of you know, John 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. But here is first John 3:16. Hereby perceive we the love of God written by the same man now. But now the baptism of the Holy Ghost has come and the light, the focus is moved upon Jesus Christ in his human body, the bride. Hereby perceive we the love of God because he laid down his life for us and we now John 3:16 Jesus didn't say it this way. Why? It wasn't time yet. But now John could. Now think of it. There was things that the Lord Jesus did not say when he was on the earth in his earthly ministry because it was not time. There was people that the Lord Jesus did not heal because he left them for his boys to take care of. You see, he incorporated. He's the one who sent his men out to preach the gospel. He also sent them out to heal the sick. You ever wonder about the man that laid at the gate called beautiful? You realize the Lord Jesus walked by that man many, many times. The Lord Jesus walked right by him. The man did not lay there after Jesus had had raised from the dead or whenever he was here. But what was it? He was there for a long time. And yet the Lord Jesus walked right by him time after time and he thought, I'm going to let Peter have this one. I'm going to let John do that one. I'm going to let this one. Why? He wants the work to continue on in his body. Well, not just signs and wonders and speaking in tongues and dreams and visions. and we believe in all of that. But what is greater than even all of that, you know, and it it staggers people, but the prophet said it over and over again that I would rather have a church that was so full of the love of God even if they didn't have one spiritual gift among them. Now, remember, he's saying that in a Pentecostal era when they're emphasizing so much on the supernatural gifts. Why? Because he knew that love is eternal. You think we're going to speak in tongues in heaven? You think we're going to, you know, do like we do here and and prophesy and interpret and we're going to have prayer lines. There won't be nobody sick. There won't be nobody weary. There won't be nobody down. But love will be there and even in a greater measure than what it is now. Love is eternal. Speaking in tongues is not eternal. Prophecy is not eternal. Come on, somebody. What is eternal? love. For those who break into this, you are already receiving a deposit and a down payment of what it's going to be like when you move beyond the curtain of time. Now, notice John said, "Then we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren." I want you to notice now this may offend you a little bit, but when we're talking about the stature of a perfect man, and then the next one, of course, would go up to his brotherly kindness. And notice where we are. were in godliness to be like God. And then the seventh one will be brotherly kindness. And then the eighth will of course be the capstone charity, God himself, agape. But notice how that these three lice ones how they tie in. So to be godlike is to help you to love your brother. Now notice how that John says we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. Well, why didn't he say sinners? Well, am I not supposed to die for the sinners? No, I'm not. One already done that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you and I don't have to lay down our life for sinners. But but notice this love is specific. Paul even called it being doing good, especially to the household of faith. Now, not that we should not do good to everybody, but there will be a degree of love that we will have for the brethren that we will not have for everyone else. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, come on. That is not ungodly. As a matter of fact, that is very godly. &gt;&gt; You see, this is why we can understand election and predestination and choosing in a way that other people just don't understand it. because it's a degree of love that he has for those of his own body. God so loved the world cosmos. God so loved the world. But how does he love the bride? God so loved the world he gave his only begotten son. That's right. God so loved the world that way. But he loved you if you're a bride. If you're elect, he loved you before John 3:16. As a matter of fact, he loved you before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Or can he do that, brother Donnie? I reckon he can. He's God. He can do what he wants to do. Now, notice then, so we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. Now, let's look in St. John 4:7. I love the way John breaks into this. Remember, he was called the disciple of love. And I was reading about John uh just just day before yesterday. and how that when John got up into his 90s and he got to where he couldn't go to church and he had many afflictions in his body and things and they said that it was with great it was great difficulty for John to be able to get there. So the saints would come, some of the brothers would come to John's house and they would actually pick John up and put him on a primitive stretcher type thing and they would carry him and he would oh oh, you know, he was in pain and agony and stuff like that, but John still wanted to go to church. Now he got to a place he couldn't preach no more. So they'd just bring him to church and they'd kind of set him up front and the saints of God would come around, you know, want to shake his hand and things like that. And John would just say it every service. Every time he'd go to church, John would say it over and over again. Love one another, little children. &gt;&gt; Love one another, little children. And he'd just say it over and over again. Now, isn't that amazing? This man stood at the foot of the cross. This man heard the last words from the human lips of the Lord Jesus. This man was one of the ones who was able to pick up the burial cross in his hands and step inside the tomb and realize Jesus had raised from the dead. This man stood right there in that room and watched Jesus walk through a wall. That same man turned and watched Jesus walk right out of that same wall. And this is to him the epitome of the message. Love one another, little children. Love one another, little children. Oh my. Now notice this writer John. Beloved, let us love one another. Now, oh, you think, well, I mean, everybody does that. No, they do not. As a matter of fact, this scripture is one of the very few in the Bible that only the tithing of the earth will ever be able to do. &gt;&gt; Beloved or beloved, whichever you prefer to say it, let us love one another. Now, look at the word beloved. What it actually what it comes from comes from the Greek word agapeos and it means wellbeloved or dear esteemed favorite. &gt;&gt; Look at these last three words. Worthy of love. &gt;&gt; Worthy of love. Favorite. Now notice John is directing this. This is not now John 3:16 just to the world, but this is to the beloved. Those that are loved in the highest degree of God's love. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Beloved, let us love one another for love is of God and everyone that loveth is born of God. Now, wait a minute. So is John saying that any human that loves in any way, a dog, a cat, a horse, men love men and want to marry men and women love women and want to marry women. So does that mean the love that a woman feels toward another woman uh to be her wife, husband, however all that works. I I ain't never yet figured all that out. But however that is because she says she loves her, that means they're born of God. &gt;&gt; You see, this is very exclusive. those that really love the brethren, not those that say they do, &gt;&gt; but those who really do. This is the one sign that you're actually born of God &gt;&gt; because no one else in the earth can love to this degree. &gt;&gt; You can't do it with justification. You can't do it with sanctification. You got to have the true baptism of the Holy Ghost in your soul, which is the token. Now remember, love is dimensional and so is faith. So is virtue. So is knowledge. Now knowledge to the Greeks meant that you understood facts about certain things, whatever it is that you were talking about or studying at or looking at. So you understood certain facts and you embraced those. Yes, that's true. That That's right. That's right. But it may or may not affect your behavior. It may not alter you or make you any different. Oh, but the Jews, they believe something totally different. We'll get to in a minute. Now, watch. Beloved, let us love one another for love is of God and everyone that love us. Now, this is not filelio, but agape. And there's only one source of agape love and that is the Lord Jesus himself. We're not born humanly to agape anyone. But we are born humanly with the ability to Philadelphia. Philadelphia. Now you know why they call that city in Pennsylvania after that name. Anybody know what the name Philadelphia means? Brotherly love. So Philadelphia today is certainly a long ways from its name. &gt;&gt; That's right. But this is what it means. So it's it's a city of brotherly love supposedly. So Philadelphia love is a love among the brethren, but it's still not exactly the agape love. Now we were born to love our mother, love our father, love our siblings, love, love, love. So when we were real little, we started loving things and it probably took us a while to emotionally become identified as far as what love was. And then you started you met a young girl or a young boy and you started feeling a funny feeling like on the inside of you and an attachment toward that individual and then you did what we call you fell in love with that individual and you wanted to marry them and that's still not the kind of love we're talking about. So then maybe you heard a preacher and thought, "Oh, I love to hear that guy preach. He speaks so good." And you found a church somewhere. I love going to church there. I love the singing. I love this. I love that. And you love it. It still don't mean you love God yet. &gt;&gt; Anya, I love the people of the church. And you may be experiencing Philadelphia. I love the people of the church. They're just so nice. I love hanging around them. You know, you realize that that there's an element of people in the world. And whenever they get together and party every night, or how many ever nights that they do it, they have a love for the people they party with. Well, not always, but sometimes. and and they have a love for the people they get drunk with. What is that? It's a human love that we have the ability to contact each other. That has nothing to do with this. &gt;&gt; There were people that was around God's prophet and no doubt they said they loved him, but it's evident they didn't believe what he said, which means they didn't have divine love or they would have done what he told them to do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now watch. So love is in degrees. Faith is in degrees. Jesus himself said, "Oh ye of little faith and then he would tell people great is your faith." So that shows us faith has measurements or dimensional value to it. And love is the same way. Now what's John is writing about the preeminent or the capstone measure of love. Everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. Now let me share this with you. To the Jew, true knowledge always manifested itself in one's conduct. One did not know something until that fact had a practical outworking in his life. Now, it's evident, friends, there's a lot of folks in our message are Greeks cuz the Greeks meant to know the facts. But these facts may or may not affect one cond. Oh, the prophet said this and the prophet said that and the prophet said something else. They're practicing the Greek theology of the message. So, they know it, but it's apparent it hasn't affected their life. But to the Jew, true knowledge always manifested itself in one's conduct. And the church said, "One did not know something until that fact had a practical outworking in his life." Don't you understand? That's what we're hunging for. We've got the knowledge of the virtues. We've got the knowledge I need to love more. I need to be better this. That's knowledge of knowing that it's true. And knowledge of knowing yourself and saying, "Yes, I'm lacking there. I I I have it, but I don't have the degree that I want." That's knowledge. But what do you want it to become? Supreme knowledge. Remember, this is one of the virtues. Knowledge. Now notice in everyone that loveth or agape is born of God and knoweth God. So look is born. What what is what is born? It's to love the brethren is the evidence of regeneration. You said that's too simple. No, it's not. It is so profound in its simplicity is where people step right over because well I love the brothers. I love the brothers, but yet, Brother Donnie, I do this and I do that, and I have problems with this and that, and there's certain ones I don't like. Ah, here we go. But you see, when you really love like God loves, God has the ability of being able to love us in spite of our faults and our failures. &gt;&gt; Now, this is where it's really hard for us as humans. Oh, I love Brother Donnie, but boy, he's got faults. He sure does. Oh, I love Brother Dave, but now he's got faults. I'll tell you one thing, Brother Larry's a good piano player. He's got his thoughts. Brother Harry, I get so blessed. Brother Louie, ain't he just an awesome song leader? But I'll tell you, he's flawed now. And I I I have a hard time really loving him to that degree. You know why? Cuz you're looking at that instead of the agape from your heart. &gt;&gt; That's right. So to love the brethren, it was this simple. Now remember all that John saw and all that he could have said. To believe in the cross. To believe in the cross means you're born of God. To believe that Jesus raised from the dead means that you're born of God. To believe that that Jesus has ascended back up into heaven. But you mean to tell me the man that saw all of that used none of that as an evidence that you were born of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. But what was this evidence? You love the brethren. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you one thing. It looks like to me that this is going to be a divided line the closer we get to the top. &gt;&gt; It's no wonder to me then that Satan tries his best to move among us and our ranks and divide us and separate us because each of us are a dynamo. And from that dynamo, we create by the things we feed on and the nature. So it's like a whirl going around inside of us. And we're creating this all the time. So people get around us and according to whether we like them or dislike them that it will mess up with our spiritual gyro and we're spinning around. Boy, when things are going good, I mean, we're just spinning, spinning, spinning, spinning. And then if we get around people that we don't jive with as we say and we don't really like their atmosphere then they will slow down our spiritual gyro and then we have a different look on our face and we act a little bit different. Now you saints y'all can go ahead and say amen to this now. &gt;&gt; But you see that's when it really proves our love. But can we love that brother or that sister beyond their faults and their failures? Now, there's people that you just don't enjoy being around, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't tell me, Brother Keith, he's the only one that's honest in this church. I said there's people that you just don't enjoy being around as human. Now, that don't mean that you hate them. That means that you don't enjoy the atmosphere that they create or the things they talk about. Every time you get around them, they're always talking about their self. I want this and I'm going there and I'm doing this and I'm this and I'm that and I went to shopping and I bought this and I and I I mean you can stand there and just be with them all day long and that's all they talk about or they're talking about their pain, their sorrow, their big toe, their lumbago, their their blood pressure medicine. They're talking about everything is just about them and you realize they don't really want to know about your problems. They just want you to listen to theirs. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm sorry friends. I can only handle so much of that stuff. I've got too much happy things to talk about to be involved in an 8-hour pity party with somebody that's looking for somebody to feel sorry for. Come on, church. Now, do I dislike them? Do I hate them? Absolutely not. Why? Because God wants us to love one another and in reality put up with each other until we're all changed. You see, I'm glad we're not just going back to being young people. Wouldn't heaven be a mess? in about 24 hours. If we were all just reverted back to 18 years old and we had the same temperament, the same makeup, the same humanity that we do now, can you imagine what heaven would be? It'd be about like another Johnson City in two days. &gt;&gt; But you know what will be changed? not only our mortality but the temperament and the makeup about each one of us that clashes with the people that we go to church with or people in the economy of God. You see those that have moved beyond the curtain of time when the prophet ventured there in that translation he mentions nothing about tears nothing about sadness nothing about sorrow nothing about disappointment nothing about people often little clicks and clans nope that certainly wasn't ours was it cuz people are so clickish and clanish but they were all just together and he noticed them just moving together and they was hanging out together wow that sounds like heaven to And nobody was you know nobody was down nobody was weary saw no sadness no no no no frowns upon people's face so what was it they had moved beyond their humanity but remember the sixth dimension is only a temporary place it is not your end those people when he saw them there he asked them do you eat here no we don't eat here but someday we go back to earth and take up bodies now I mentioned you Wednesday night I'm going to mention it Again, the prophet tells us when a man meets a woman and he falls in love with her and he don't know why. And a woman meets a man and she falls in love with him and she don't know why. That they are an eternal mate. They stepped out of eternity together and they'll step back into eternity again. Now notice in the sixth dimension when sister me come up to brother Brandham or his wife come up, she did not treat him any different than the rest of those. My precious brother, my precious brother. Why? The sixth dimension is a place which they go to and they are held waiting for us. But remember when we go back to earth and take up bodies, that eternal mate will be identified with you in the eternal mate form. How could it not be that? If it's an eternal mate that stepped out of eternity together and come back down here, there won't be children of course or nothing like that. But she will be there with you, brothers, through eternity. Well, somebody ought to be saying, "Praise the Lord for that." It will always be that something. The sixth dimension was like a gathering of the family. But remember, for some of them there, their maid had not made it yet. They had not arrived beyond the curtain of time. So, it's not going to quite be the exact same way. It's a holding place. But what was it that was so noticeable? It was the love of God that he experienced. Oh my. Unlike any love he had ever known before. Now notice John goes on to say in verse 8, he that loveth not knoweth not God for God is love. Now notice God is love. So this does not refer to something necessarily that he does but who he is. Not not what he does, but who he is. You see, who he is is what manifests what he does. But if we're not careful, we'll substitute that and say, "Well, I love people because I do this." That's contrary to scripture. &gt;&gt; You are born of God when you love and this is the evidence and those works will follow your life. Oh, people say, "Well, I love God. I just don't like people." No, you don't love God, right? &gt;&gt; You cannot love God and not love his children. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; you cannot love God and not love his children. And you can't love God, right, if you don't want to gather together with his children either. &gt;&gt; So God is love isn't referring just to so much what he does, but it is who he is. It's far more than just an attribute or a characteristic. You see, it's it's the traits, the identification. It underscores everything that he is. It's his very essence, benevolence, which is one of the meanings of love. So, it's of God's nature. So, this statement actually encap encapsulates the truth and compasses all the volume of everything that God is. God is love. Now, what a thing for John to say. Now, wouldn't that be something if in reality it could be said about us? Now, think about this. God's love is not mere feeling, but it is action. So, it's not just feeling. Well, love is a feeling. No, love is more than a feeling. Oh, we we say it all the time, of course, but we come back to John 3:16. So, it teaches us that God so loved the world that he gave. So, God so loved the world that he gave. So what did that love require? It required the expression of doing or action. Oh Jesus, I love you with all of my heart. Well, how come you don't pray? Oh Jesus, I love you with all of my heart, but I don't pay my tithe, Lord. I love you with all of my heart, but I don't go to church. I only go to church, you know, once and once a year maybe or twice, something like that. I love you, Lord, but I love you with all my heart. No, there's something wrong with what you're saying versus what you're doing. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Notice in verse 9, in this was manifested the love of God toward us because that God sent in this was manifested the love of God. So this action was not the love of God. It was the manifestation of the love of God. You understand? So people can get an action and they can do an action. Well, I'm going to do this. I'm going to help a missionary. I'm going to help that and help that. and still not love God the way they should love him. But if they do get that love, then what they do is actually working from the source that's in the soul, then it's not legalism. Oh, I got to go to church today. Oh, man. I wanted to stay home and watch somebody's playing somebody on football or, you know, they're doing this. Oh, I hope Brother Donnie ain't long today. Don't worry, I'll have you out here by at least 6:00 p.m. Try my best anyhow. Oh, I I I I you know, I I want to do this and I want to do that, but if I don't go to church, the deacons will be calling me on the phone. There's something wrong with your love life. &gt;&gt; I said, there's something wrong with your love life. &gt;&gt; Going to church is just an outworking of the love of God in your heart, not only for God. Oh, Brother Donnie, I come to church only for God. You're wrong. &gt;&gt; You're sinning. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'll let you think on that. Now notice because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us. Now watch how this is. Herein is love. Not that we love God, but that he loved us. So it's not you're going to love because these people out here love you. You're not godly yet. You're godly when you love them, even if they never love you. &gt;&gt; Get this in your mind. Of all the billions of people on the face of the earth, Almighty God loves every one of them. &gt;&gt; Every liar, every thief, every transgender. &gt;&gt; Amen. Wow. &gt;&gt; A soul, a mortal whom Christ died for. &gt;&gt; Now, will they accept it? The majority will not. But that does not stop him from loving them. &gt;&gt; But for us, it's conditional. Well, I love him as long as he's good to me. You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours. We're not scratching backs. We're talking about being born again. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Well, they quit loving me. I'm quitting loving them. No, no, no, no, no. You see the real love of God can never stop loving. You understand that he purchased all of humanity. They belong to him by price of purchase. They belong to him. Then it will be up to them whether or not they accept what he did. Notice John said, "Oh my God, open our hearts, Father. Here in love, not that we love God, but that he loved us and sent his son to be the perpetuation for our sin. be loved. If God so love us, we also ought also to love one another. &gt;&gt; So you mean it's a sign of how much I love God &gt;&gt; the way I treat you? &gt;&gt; So if I treat you mean, &gt;&gt; that means I'm treating Jesus mean. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Godliness. Our love for God is proven by our love for one another. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, from this point on, amens aren't really essential or necessary. I can preach with them or without them, but it'll probably be a good sign for you all up in heaven that you're amening the truth, even if you have to use a couple of ouches &gt;&gt; every now and then. Now notice verse 12. 1 John 4:12. No man has seen God at any time. &gt;&gt; If we love one another, God dwelleth in us. What in the world is seeing God got to do with my love for you? So none of us have seen God at any time. John, why would you link these two together? Because they go together. &gt;&gt; No man has seen God in any time if we agape. Not Felio or Philadelphia. If we agape, there's only one source. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that does not come like the anointing of the Holy Ghost comes on you and then God gives you perfect love and then it leaves you. No, it comes from your own dose of agape in your soul. &gt;&gt; Then you are not receiving that love like the anointing and it leaves you and then it comes back and it leaves you. It is yours forever and you are becoming love &gt;&gt; itself. &gt;&gt; Why? You're reborn. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Reborn of who? Love. &gt;&gt; For God is love. No man has seen God in any time. If we love, look at this word now, agape, which is charity, affection, goodwill, love, benevolence, or love feasts. Love feasts. If we love one another, God dwelleth. Isn't that a pretty broad spectrum in saying that? That if you love one another, in reality, it's not. It's very narrow. There's only one way we can agape one another. God lives in us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand, friends? It's impossible for us to agape one another before we're born again. &gt;&gt; It cannot be. &gt;&gt; It cannot be. You understand those of you that are born again of the spirit of God and you have the Holy Ghost and you're married that you will have human love towards your husband, your wife. That's wonderful. It's awesome. You ought to have that. But if you're truly born again, both of you, you also have another sphere, another channel by which you love one another. That's the eternal mate part. That's why there's something in you. Even when they're gone to the sixth dimension, you long you long to be with them again. You will be. You will be because it was eternal together and it's eternity you shall be. No man, oh my has seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwell us. Lord, children, God dwell us &gt;&gt; in us. So he don't come in and move out and come in and move out and come in and move out and he he he moves in when you're doing great. He moves in when you're man, you're praying, you're reading your Bible. Believe it or not, God still dwells in you when you're getting lazy. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Oh, he'll whoop the farhead of you, too. He'll give you a good gospel spanking and get your hide straightened out. But you know what? Once he takes up his residence in your soul, he is a permanent resident. He ain't never leaving you again. Thank God for that. Praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected not in himself, but in us. The word perfect and perfected is several different meanings of it in the New Testament. And this is to Leo which means make perfect finish fulfill complete to carry through completely to accomplish finish bring to an end. The same word where Paul used it in Ephesians 4:11 about the five-fold ministry, the perfecting of the saints. God loves the ministry. So, I wonder what it is on message people and some of them anyway that hate it. &gt;&gt; It's not the love of God. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Now, let's look in in verse 16. And we have known and believe the love that God hath unto us. God is love and he that dwelt us in love dwelt in God. Now before John said that if we love God dwells in us but now God wants you to move in &gt;&gt; with him. &gt;&gt; Now God don't have a live-in lover. &gt;&gt; God don't shack up. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; So if God wants you to move in with him, &gt;&gt; it must mean you and God got married. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. God don't believe in fornication. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; John, are you kidding us? John, could you mean this the way that it sounds? If we have known and believe the love that God hath to us, God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God. Oh, children, can't you see where God wants us to live? to where love is not something that comes and goes and comes and goes and and you you you feel it twice a week on church days and oh every now and then you feel it God wants it to be your residence that you live in the realm of love and when you do in agape now remember this is not Philadelphia this is not filio this is for those who live in the realm of agape they dwell dwell in agape. It is their residence. And when they live in agape, they dwell in God. &gt;&gt; Listen to this one. Is not this the very thing the Lord Jesus said in that day I and my father and you in me. I in you and you in me. This is the very church the Lord Jesus is coming for as his own. He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. &gt;&gt; How many can say that with all of your heart today? I dwell in God &gt;&gt; and God dwells &gt;&gt; in me. &gt;&gt; Watch this. And thinking man's filter. Can you also love the unlovable? That's the thinking man's filter. That's the spirit of Christ in you. Loving those who don't love you. Then you have the reward of God. Now, we're talking about being godly. But now, if you do it as a duty, you still haven't got the thinking man. You're only up in the second cycle. But if it's from your heart, you really love him, then you're breathing through the sinking man's filter. Praise God. And it satisfies a holy man's taste that you know from your heart. You forgive your closest friends. Maybe &gt;&gt; you forgive everybody, everything. No matter what taken place. &gt;&gt; And then what a way to cap this off. Isn't he wonderful? &gt;&gt; You forgive everybody everything and describes about what you're going to do and then said, "Isn't he wonderful? Well, he's the only reason I could ever do that. He's the only reason you could ever do it. It's not in us to forgive everybody and forgive them of everything they've ever done against you. Oh, praise God. Notice Jesus never lived for himself. His life was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. &gt;&gt; When you say you go to church and you do good things, that's fine. But when you live your life to yourself, you haven't eternal life. &gt;&gt; Eternal life is living for others. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Eternal life is living for others. &gt;&gt; He proved it when he come in the lamb of God. He lived and had eternal life because he did not live for himself. He lived for others. And you receive eternal life by receiving that day. What day? Title of his sermon. That day on Calvary. And you don't live for yourself no more. You live for others. And Word of Life Church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we say, "Help us, Lord." &gt;&gt; Oh, now there's some people we can live for. Oh my goodness. We have no problem. We'd buy them lunch or we'd help pay their insurance or we'd do my we'd do whatever. But boy, there's certain ones we have a problem with, which is the person you should buy their lunch for. &gt;&gt; Notice he said someone said, "How can you stand and let anyone call you such bad names? You don't live for yourself. You live for others that you might redeem &gt;&gt; that man. &gt;&gt; You become sons. And the trouble of it is that's what the church has forgot that we're sons. You're our sons. You're taking Christ's place. &gt;&gt; You're sons. So you don't live for yourself. You live for others. Well, brother Brandham, I can live for this brother because he's a nice man. That's not it. Live for that man who hates you. live for that person who'd kill you. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; You see, friends, the more I study this message, the more I realize a lot of these folks is pulling away from the message. Right? Here's some of the main reason for a lot of them why they are. They can't live this message. Cuz it brings it down so clear. It brings it down so plain right down where you live. Oh, I love it. Don't you? I thank God for it. Love that man that hates you. Live for that person that would kill you if they could. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So what if a person would kill you? And they've actually told you if I could get by with it, I would run over you. &gt;&gt; I would run you off the road. I would slip you strick nine in your Kool-Aid. I would give you rat poison and your morning coffee. I do it cuz I hate you so bad. I absolutely despise you. &gt;&gt; And then you say, Lord, what can I do to help that poor man? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What could I help, Lord, to help that poor woman? Lord, what have I done that that please forgive me if I've done something that would cause him or her to feel that way? Lord, what could I do that I I might be able to redeem that individual? Amen. &gt;&gt; You &gt;&gt; you &gt;&gt; you see when perfect love becomes pulsating out of our soul, we become the very tools that God will use for redemption. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Not our blood, not our life, his love in us. What is it that gets a hold of a sinner's heart when they hear they're lost and they're wretched? It's hearing about the love of God. What if we can bring it on down into bride form and let the world know and let the people know Jesus Christ is not dead? He's not a figure of some picture hanging on a wall somewhere. He is alive and well and living in his multimembered body around the world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, give us a church like that here. Oh, God. My my live for that person. He'd kill you if they could. That's what they done to him. They killed him. That's eternal life. When that's in your bosom, you're facing you're facing heaven. Then, &gt;&gt; what are we doing until it's there? We got our back to heaven. We got our side to heaven. We got our other side to heaven. But when we can do this, we can look heaven straight in the face &gt;&gt; and say, "I'm ready now." &gt;&gt; Sacrifice your own things. Give them up like sheep gives its wool. You look on towards Calvary. godly. How many in the church this morning wants to be like God? Now &gt;&gt; few of you. Few of you. I'm gonna keep on preaching till you do. &gt;&gt; All right. I believe with all of my heart, friends, these are not just good scriptures. They're not just nice quotes. Oh, that that's really nice. I I really appreciate that. I really like that. I'm going to go in the library and see if brother Jackie will print it out for me so I can just kind of refer back to it. You don't just need it on a piece of paper. You need it to where it'll become a part of your being. &gt;&gt; And it becomes so much a part of you that you are becoming these tapes you're hearing. You're becoming the word that you're hearing. God, help me to love the way you love. Help me to forgive the way you forgive. Help me, Lord, to reach beyond myself. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. Help us, Lord. Let's jump down to this next quarter. We'll close your just in a bit. Putting on the whole armor of God. You see the Holy Spirit. Watch him here. Look at Elijah in his cave. How would we see him in the doors today with beards all out in his face and his bald head shining piece of sheep skin drapped around him. We'd probably run out in the yard. Some of our intellectual brethren. That's right. But you don't know what's beaten beneath that little skin there. The Holy Spirit may be tabernacle there. You must never do that. We must be brothers. Treat a man, no matter if he's in the wrong, still treat him &gt;&gt; nice. &gt;&gt; Be nice to him. If you haven't got that spirit, there's something wrong. &gt;&gt; Jesus was nice to those who were ugly to him. You must be Christians full of love, ready to help any race, color, creed, anytime, anywhere, anytime. We must be that way. That's Christians. Hallelujah. That's the way Christ would have us. And to be Christian is to be Christlike. What is it? Godly. &gt;&gt; Godly. But you know the sad part about it is he was dealing with it in his day of course. And if there's anything that's a hindrance to Christianity today, it's the way that professed Christians live. dishonest, dishonorable, and living any way. Don't do that. We're Christians. Somebody's watching your life correctly. Be honest. Let everybody know. Let your dealings be fair and square. Don't take nothing that doesn't belong to you. Don't say nothing, but what's the truth? I wish somebody would say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. You can always tell the truth every time, and God will honor the truth. He always does. Treat everybody right. If they don't treat you right, you treat them right anyhow. See, Jesus treated us right when we didn't treat him &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; And what will we find ourselves moving into deeper degrees of love until you finally arrive at the threshold? And let me close with this. &gt;&gt; There isn't nothing else that you can do. Only believe. And if you believe, them little moral things will just drop out off like that. And as you believe, you become &gt;&gt; love. &gt;&gt; And love is God. And you begin to wind yourself. Isn't it amazing that our actions are so tied to his will and his word that we are actually winding ourself? So there's things we've got to do. So we will actually wind ourself wind ourself oh hallelujah into Christ. And these other things you don't have to quit doing them. They just quit themselves. There's no desire to do it. The worshipper wants purged. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Godliness to be like God. &gt;&gt; To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. On earth. I long to be like him all through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. Can we stand together and sing it to him? &gt;&gt; I want to love like Jesus. I want to love like Jesus. On earth I long. Just hold the music, brothers. Let the brothers sing it. the sisters, all of us together to be like him all through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like, [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads again, Father, Lord God, we're asking that you'd help us, Lord. We I I believe we we see that it's impossible for us as human beings to love in this way. It breaks my heart really because many people think they have this love. They think just because they become a Christian, they get it then. And they do get certainly a greater dis dispensation of love and a greater portion of love than they had before. And they're convinced it's agape. Lord, I'm convinced even around our ranks, that's where many people are. Justification is a powerful thing. Sanctification a powerful thing. And many are convinced that they're truly born again because their life has been changed. We thank you for those changes. But Lord, we want those changes to continue on to we can dwell in you. You can dwell in us. That don't mean Lord we'll agree with everybody on every point of doctrine or every way they do this or that or the other. Of course not. I'm the oldest of seven kids and we as siblings certainly didn't agree. But those of us that are still on the earth, one of them taken away from us, we still don't agree on things. But we're still brothers and sisters. Same mama, same daddy. Look at our family tree. There's no evidence. There's no way that they could take any of it away. that we're of the same parents. Lord, now we want to look today at another tree. There's no mother in this tree. It's only the man tree. We want and we're looking and searching for the evidence. How can I know if I'm ready? How can I know if I have the Holy Ghost? How can I know that if the Lord Jesus were to come at 3:00 this afternoon that I would leave this world in a rapture? How can I know? Could we have a measuring tape and measure the sister's hair, the length of it? Well, if it has to be a certain length and some of the sisters I've seen in Africa and those subsaharan places where I've been, my hair is as long as some of them sisters there cuz it does not grow long. So, it's the length of their hair and it has to be down their back. So, that means some of those sisters won't go although they never cut their hair. If it has to be, well, you've got to you've got to do this or you got to do that. John simplified it for us. Hallelujah. We love the brethren and we can't do that unless we love you. Right. Lord, help us to see when we talk about one another and we run one another down and we spread rumors about one another and do all kinds of things against our brothers and sisters. That's not the love of God. That's not the way you do us. How do we want you to treat us in heaven? That gives us a pretty good idea of how you want us to treat the rest of your family on earth. So, are you constantly bringing up my faults before the father and the angels? Are you constantly reminding them of how many times you've had to forgive me? Are you holding grudges against me when I go to pray and you shun me and won't speak to me cuz I hurt your feelings? I'd hate to think about to today how many times I've hurt you since I've been a Christian. I probably would be so ashamed and so embarrassed if you had kept a tally, a number of my faults, my failures, and my wrongdoings. I probably would just bow my head and walk off this platform and say, "I'm so ashamed." But yet every time that I come to you, you never remind me of the wrong that I did, the shortcomings that I have, how faulty and flawed that I am. But you put your arms around me and let me know how much you love me, how you gave your life for me. So you're not just expressing that love from you to me, but if we can grasp it, you're teaching me how to love my brothers. So instead of keeping a record and a list of all their faults and flaws against me, I'm supposed to love them the way you love me and never bring it up again. Never mention it, Lord. And I'll be honest before you today. I'll be the first one to say, "I need your help, Lord. I need to love more like you, Jesus. Oh God, we put so much on godliness and we say, "That's a godly man. That's a godly woman. This is a godly person. That's a godly young person." And what are we measuring that by? Many times it's the way they dress on the outside. And yet might have a tongue that rattles and rattles and carries on and spreads gossip and lies. said, "No, they're not godly because godliness is to be like God." Help us, oh, Father, we love you, Jesus. Forgive us, Lord. Once again, we ask you today, forgive us of our wrongs, but we want to ask it in the proper light as you taught your disciples how to pray. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. Oh, what a prayer you prayed. And then you bring the phenomenal aspect and forgive us our sins as we forgive those who trespass against us. And then you told us if you we do not forgive those who trespass against us neither will your heavenly father forgive you. And your prophet quotes that in perfect faith and said then we see that faith is based upon forgiveness. Help us Lord Jesus. We worship you Lord. We worship you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Would you turn and lay your hand on that person standing by you? Just offer a word of prayer for them. God knows what's in their heart, what's in their life, and what they need today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord God, we have our hands laid one upon the other, Father, and we're praying that you would help us. Our church may not be known by many things. We may not have some of the smartest folks. We may not have some of the richest in the message. And we may not have this or that or the other. But oh God, I I ask you, let our church be known as a church that has the love of God. Help us, Jesus. It's evident, Father, that even many of our preacher brothers in the message need more of the love of God. preachers falling out with one another because of doctrinal differences and issues and won't even speak to one another and won't even have nothing to do with one another and yet say we're leading the bride in a rapture. It ain't no wonder to me we ain't gone. The preachers ain't where they need to be themselves. Help us, Lord Jesus. Begin with me today, Lord, in this church. Help me, Jesus. Help me to be more like you, Father. Help me to love the way you loved, forgive the way you forgive. Oh Jesus, may it be the very heartbeat of my life. Dear God, your children. Oh, we worship you, Lord. Now, just pray for that person standing there by you. God knows what they have need of. Sing there just pray while they're sing. Anybody to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. [Music] On earth I long to be like him. All through life's journey [Music] from earth to gloryy I only ask. [Music] Oh let me be like you. Help me love like Jesus. [Music] I want to love like Jesus. On earth I long [Applause] to love like him. [Applause] All through life's journey [Laughter] [Applause] from earth to gloryy. my only ass. Let me be like him. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. All through life's journey [Music] from earth to gloryy. My only ask. [Music] Let me be like him. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love to him. There's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love to you. There's just no [Applause] I could never ever out love the Lord [Music] the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there just no to give. I want to love love to you. Just ever love. [Music] God sent his son and they called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forive. He bled and died to by my pardon. [Music] An empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he all fear is gone Because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Oh, because he lives, I can face to [Music] [Music] all my fears go because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future and my life is worth living. Just because he want to sing with all of my heart. Oh, it's because he lives the bride can face tomorrow. [Music] It's because Jesus lives. All fears is gone. [Music] And it's because we know. Yes, we know the future and life is worth living just because he lives. No matter what you face, friends, you can face it by his grace. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is gone because I know behold my future and life is worth the living just because [Music] If that isn't love. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Don't you love him today, children? &gt;&gt; Don't you want to love like Jesus? Be like Jesus. Dwell in him. Him dwell in you. He left the splender of heaven. [Music] knowing his destiny [Music] was a lonely hill of God's son there to lay down his life for me. Everybody, if that is a love, thank you more than the heavens are near. There's no feeling like this. Thank you, Lord God. Oh, Lord God, we worship you. Father I pray help us to grasp it today God. Help us Lord Jesus. If that is help us Lord let it be brought down into bride form. Lord it won't be just a it won't be just a table. It won't be just a sermon. It won't be a church service for true. And the sparrow the sparrow can fly. It can't fly. That is love. In all the heavens they all and there's no feeling but for Jesus if that is love [Music] gave up in this he remember you talking about hard to do the se hanging by his side [Music] help us to be like you Lord he spoke Oh, with great love and compassion. Yes, he did. Then he took him to paradise. That is un single with all your heart in the ocean. It's dry. There's no stars in. God bless you saints. I love you the Lord. You're dismissed on the fear of God. And the sparrow can fly. If that is a love, [Music] oh heavens are and there's no feeling like this. If that isn't love. [Music] Amen. How many want to live it when you walk out those doors today? Amen. We'll just sing us a real old song as we go. Give me that old time religion. Makes me love everybody. Even the people that might despitefully use me, I still love them. Amen. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good for me. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Makes me lovebody. It's good enough for me. It will do when I am dying. It will do when I am dying. It will do when I am dying. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good in the fiery furnace. It was good in the fiery furnace. It was good in the fire burn. It's good enough for me. [Music]
