################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-14 - 04-13-25  Jacob Had Been Awakened And Changed Luz Into Bethel  Pst. Gedeon Kasonga  Mayamba - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-14
Title:    04-13-25 | Jacob Had Been Awakened And Changed Luz Into Bethel : Pst. Gedeon Kasonga  Mayamba
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   End Time Message Tabernacle CO
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMfVO6UsFVo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] May God bless you. May God bless you. Amen. Happy to be here in the house of the Lord from this Palm Sunday. We just want to open with few songs we want to to sing before we start our regular services. Faithful one, so unchanging. One, you my rock of peace. Lord of all, I depend on you. I call out to you again and again. I call out to you again and again. You are my rocking time of trouble. You lift me up when I fall down all through the storm. Your love of the anchor. My hope is in you. Oh, you are my rock. You are my rock in time of trouble. You lift me up when I fall down all through the soul. Your love is the anchor. My hope is in you alone. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace thy we pardon and cleans with thee. Grace grace God's grace grace that is greater than all. Oh, sing it. Grace, grace, grace. God's grace, grace that we pen and cleans [Music] with grace. God's great grace that is greater than all I see. Your grace and mercy draw me true. I'm living this [Music] moment because of you. Oh, I want to thank you and praise you too. Oh, your grace and mercy. Oh, let's sing it together. Oh, your grace, your grace and mercy. Draw me through. I'm leaving this m because of you. I want to thank you and praise you to your grace and mercy. Draw me through. Do you believe that? Amen. Let's all stand as we start our service now. Let's just take Psalm [Music] 42. As the art penteth after the waterbrooks, soth my soul after thee, oh God, my soul thieth of God for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? My tears have been my midst day and night. While they continually say unto me, "Where is thy God?" When I remember this thing, I pour out my soul in me. For I had gone with the multitude. I went with them to the house of God with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holy. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul, and why art thou discredited in me? Hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan and of the Hermonite from the hill. Deep callst unto deep at the noise of thy waters. All that wave and that belows are gone over me. Yet the Lord will command this loving kindness in the daytime and in the night his song shall be with me and my prayer unto the God of my life. [Music] Amen. Mercy rule my life. [Music] God's mercy reown my life. Oh, I should have fallen. I should have fallen. My soul cast my mercy. hero. Oh, let's sing it with our heart this morning. Oh, sing in mercy, mercy, oh my hallelujah. God's [Music] mercy. Oh my. Oh, I should have fallen. I should have fallen. My soul cast down my mercy. Oh my. Oh spirit of God move right your word in my heart. Fill my holy way. Consume my life with spirit of God who empty [Music] vess. Oh yeah. grow and fill with spirit of God will write your word in my heart. Yes. Lord feel my oh today consume my love. Oh spirit of God in empty I want to be so that you can come and [Music] Hallelujah. How we all sing with worship. [Music] Oh, hell. Where we are to worship you. Lord we come. Oh Lord we come to you in worship. Oh no. No matter what your situation this morning. Oh no, rewind. We will cry out to you. [Music] We love how [Music] we hallelujah. How we are to worship you. Lord we come this morning. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what. Oh, no matter what the city we share, we will cry out to you. How we long, how we worship, [Music] oh how we are, how we are to worship Oh yes, I know the master of the I know the maker of the rain. Oh, he can come. He can calm your sto and make the sun to shine again. I know the master this morning. Yes, I know. I know the master of [Music] the Yes, I know. I know. The maker of the rain. Oh, he could call you. He can calm your soul and make the sun shine again. I know. One more time. Oh, let's sing. Oh yes, I know. I know. The master of [Applause] the Yes, I know. I know. the maker of the rain. Oh, he can call. He can call the soul and bring the sun to shine again. Sing it first. I know the master. Oh, sometime sometime I s like an eagle in the sky above the pigs. My soul can be found. Oh, I expected soul may drive me from the high. He may bring me over but can never bring me down. When I know I know the master of the Yes, I know. I know the maker of the He can call. make the soul make the sun to shine again the power for season pray. Thank you, Father, for bring us back your heart once again. You're the master of the soul. You're the master of the rain this morning, Father. Oh, we coming in worship this morning. No matter our circumstances, no matter our situation, Father, you know it better than ourselves. But we want to worship you. We want to give you the praise that you deserve this morning. And we know, Father God, oh Father God, you will take care of us because you say you care for us. Oh Father God, you say you will not leave us. You will not forsake us. You will be with us until the end of the world. Oh, Father God, there's nothing that can take our joy away this morning. We want to praise you, Father God. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, may you receive all the praises, all the worship this morning, Father God, and come and bless that people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Dear heavenly father, father we thank you again for thy mercy and thy grace. Father, we are happy to be called children of God, living in this world, Lord, where everything right now is in confusion, [Music] Lord. But in this confusion, Lord, you have sent us the word, Father. Lord, we are here because we want you, Father. We are here, Lord. Because we want to see you, Father. We are not here to meet one another, Father. Our gathering is in vain. If you are not in our meeting, Father, we are here to remind you your word. Father, you said in thy way where two or three are gathered in your name, you shall be in their midst. Father, we are more than two and three. And we are gathering here on your name, Father. In your name, Lord, not in the name of not in the name of a pastor, but we are gathering here in the name of Jesus Christ. And father you are bound to be among us. Father receive our prayer. Father as we lift up our holy hand we ask you to forgive us father. We are human being. Father with so many mistakes but we are here to ourselves. Father forgive us. Wherever we find ourselves short father we ask this to forgive us father there is something in our heart father we really want to be Christian we don't want to be a simple member we want to be Christian Lord message to become our lives we don't want to have a paper on our flesh. You believe Lord this message is the power of transformation. Father, transform our lives because our days in this world. Father, do not let us be distracted. Father fill our heart with a genuine Holy Spirit. Let us pray day and night. Let us meditate upon thy word. draw yourself near. That the reason we are here as human being we are here with so many things father but you say if we come to you shall give us rest father give us rest this morning as we are opening our heart worshiping father be a good smelling flavor we inviting you lord be in our midst bless this gathering father from the beginning until the end. Oh bless the worship I'm giving unto you father heaven father come down and agree to each and every according to their heart if some came sick just by worshiping heal them father those who came with heavy request woriing father come down lord And the great heart is those who came abound Lord just by worshiping Lord be abound in Jesus Christ name worship songs was casting bad spirit in soul's life you are still the same as father this service the that we're going to be here in the hidden place that we may bring us mana for and our lives be transformed. Thank you Lord Jesus. Bless the offering and tithe and your children going to offer us bless the work of our hands father. You said in thy word that if we bring in thy house You promise to keep and you keep your word. Keep it for us this morning. Again, thank you for thy presence among us. Father, let heaven comes down and worship with angel in Jesus Christ. Bless our pastor. May you give him strength in his body. Bless his family, his wife and children, bless all the member of our church, bless all the offices, father service unto your life in Jesus Christ name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you very much. God bless you. Amen. Welcome to this Palm Sunday where people come Jesus entry in Jerusalem. When he came in Jerusalem, people praise and worship. Amen. Yes. This morning, God is good. Amen. If you walking through the valley and there are shadowles all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you or forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. Oh, he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we were sinners. So unorthy, sinful we chose to die. Oh, his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh that is love is everlasting and his mercy they will never. God is good all the time. Oh, he put us all free in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Oh, through the darkest night. His last shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Who is who I want to see him look upon his favor to sing forever on the streets of glory let me live my tears of my heart and oh I want to see who I want to see look upon his face Oh, here to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my hand up [Music] every hallelujah. Hallelujah with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the way for the cross for the river. Oh, here. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Here with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk through for the cross of the first person with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night as I walk every way through the hand of God in all my life. I see. Oh my [Music] god. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. With me. I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk in the roadway for the comfort of her ride with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard of Jesus die upon the tree. Oh then I fell down at his feet and became a peace so sweet. I'm the comforter. Oh, he above. He abide. Hallelujah. He Oh, press the hallelujah. He abide with me. I'm rejoicing as I walk away for the comfort. Oh, hallelujah. He's with me everywhere and yours my every care. I'm as happy as ever and just as free. Oh the spirit has control. Jesus satisfy my soul since the comfort. Oh he above. Oh hallelujah. Prince of Hallelujah with me. Oh no for the comfort of her body. Oh every promise, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love, the open. Every promise in the book. Oh, every promise, every promise in the book is mine. Hallelujah. Every chapter, every verse, every I am trusting in his love. One more time. Oh, every promise, every promise in the world is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love. Oh, every promise in the moon is mine. God can do God can do it again. and again and again. There's no reason to [Music] doubt yesterday is always the same. There's no reason to die. I can do it again and again and again. is the reason tonight. Oh, yesterday and the day before is always the same. There's no reason to die. Nothing worthy. Jesus is ever shining. Oh, he's ever shining. Jesus is ever shining. Oh, he's ever shining. He's ever shining. He's ever shining. Oh, he's ever shining. He's ever Oh, Jesus is ever shining. He's ever shining. Jesus is ever shining. Oh, he's ever shining. He's ever shining. He's ever shining. Oh, he's ever shining. is ever shining. Yes, you are shy. Oh, yes you are. [Music] Oh, asal as Oh, [Music] she Oh. [Music] Oh sh. Oh yes. I love Jesus. I love Jesus. I love Jesus. Oh, I love Jesus. I love Jesus. I love Jesus. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh Jesus. Jesus. We are here. Jesus we are. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Oh we are here. We are here. Oh, praise God. [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] sh. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Chase songs. [Music] Oh sh [Music] [Music] Oh god. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] What do [Music] we do? Oh, I do. Oh, I do. Oh, I do. I do. Oh, I do. Oh, I do. Oh, I do. Hallelujah. Oh my. I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see we are. I see we are. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Hallelujah. I see. Let's clap for the Lord. Thank you so much. Amen. As they're collecting the offering, let's just sing this song. Let me pray for you. Peace of God, cover me. Peace of God, cover me. Coer me. offer me. Oh, peace of God. Peace of [Music] God. Oh, through the stor. Through the stor. Let's sing one more time. Oh, peace of God. Peace of God. Cover me. Comfort me. Comfort me. Oh, cover me. Peace of God. Peace of God. All through the stor through the stor. [Music] Oh, only in you, Lord. Only in you. I am safe. Only in you, Lord. Only you I'm secure. Only in you, Lord. Holy I find thee. Oh me, cover me. Comfort me when I am hurting. Comfort me when I'm not strong. Comfort me when I am going through the stor. Cover me when I soulless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the beast of passes all I understand. Cover me without the music. Oh me. Oh peace of God. Peace of God. Cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Peace of God. Oh, through the storm. Through the stor. One more time. Peace of God cover. Oh, peace of God. Peace of God cover. Oh, cover me. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Peace of God. Peace of God. Cover. All through the stor through the [Music] storing [Music] you I am save you. Only you I see you. Only in you, Lord. Only you I find. So comfort me. Oh, cover me. Comfort me when I am hurting. Cover me when I strong. Cover me when I am going to cover me when Co is gone. When the peace that passes all [Music] [Music] [Music] understand Christ alone my hope is He is my life, my strength, my soul. This gold is soul. This holy ground f through the fees dry and snow. Why so far? [Music] and fears are save when traffic s of Christ I stand in Christ alone would to confess fullness of God [Music] Bless the gift of love and [Music] rightous sto of God was sisfied. For he receive here in the depths of Christ. I live there in the ground. is my healing. Light of the word my dark and Make that bursting in glorious day out from the grave [Music] he might is and it is mine. Oh, with the precious blood of Christ, precious heavenly father, how grateful we stand this morning before the throne of mercy. We are inviting you for the remaining portion of the service, Father, and to bless each and every one of your children. Don't let anyone go out the way they [Music] came. Let something be done for your own glory and honor. as we dedicate ourselves to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. We greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. And let each one of you be blessed this Sunday. Amen. So just a quick reminder, uh I spoke last Sunday about uh the upcoming meetings for the youth at Pastor Tito's church. So uh I would like to because people have been calling me. I want to register. I want to register. So I would like to have somebody in charge of this and uh to give me just who will be going and then uh I will communicate to them uh because they have been asking me give me the pastor tito's number we want to call him n we cannot do that. So who will going to be in charge of collecting the names? Thank you. No volunteer. [Music] Huh? You designed Emmanuel. It will be you. So it will be brother Patrick. Patrick. Anyone who plan to go contact brother Patrick. and parent please work uh quickly don't wait for last minute because it's not the way we do think last [Music] minute so I would like anyway in two weeks to have the count uh those who want who need transportation those who have their own transportation. Yeah. If you have you are going to use your own car, if you can also take other people that will be great. Amen. Amen. So this morning, as I said, we have uh pastor Gideon. Uh he's going to be with us this entire week. So we are going to have meeting with him this morning. Wednesday and uh we we start the Easter services on Friday night 6:50 p.m. 6:50 and Saturday at the same time and next Sunday there will be two services. The first service will be the sunrising service from 6 a.m. to 7 a.m. [Music] And then we will have a breakfast and then we start our regular service at 10. Uh so if uh you can take first the Bible with me. You may remain seated. In the book of Matthew chapter 21, uh we read the first 11 verses. Uh this is a great week. A great week. Uh that uh if we picture that in the time of the Bible you will see before Easter. Uh this is the last Sunday before that what people are celebrating saying it's uh the Sunday the palm Sunday service whatever it is Yes. Uh the word came from the fact that people saw Jesus entering into Jerusalem. It was a victorious coming into Jerusalem. People were shouting, glorifying. Uh some took uh clothes and laid them down. And Jesus on the back of a donkey was coming to Jerusalem for the great event. Amen. Amen. And then uh following the week uh on I believe uh Thursday uh he washed the feet of the disciples and Friday that's the crucifixion and uh Sunday morning that was the resurrection resurrection And then came Pentecost. Amen. So all these historical events, we want to bring them up to present time. Uh thinking about why Jesus came on this world. and that week what was taking place in Jerusalem and that was the trial [Music] trial. He went to court. Uh they sentenced him and they crucified him. But next Sunday that was the resurrection resurrection. Amen. Amen. So the Bible said this. And when they drew night into Jerusalem and were come to betai unto the mount of olives, then sent Jesus two disciples. saying unto them, "Go into the village over against you, and straight away ye shall find a tied and a cold with her, lose them, and bring them unto me. And if any man say unto you, ye shall say, the Lord has need of them, and straight away he will send them. All this was done that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet saying, "Tell ye the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy king cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon us, And they called the fall of an ass. [Music] And the disciples went and did as Jesus commanded them. And brought the ice and the cold and put on them their clothes. And they set him there on. And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees and store them in the way. [Music] And the multitude that went before and that follow cry saying, "Hosana, the son of David. Bless he, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest. And when he he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved saying, "Who is this?" And the multitude said, "This is Jesus." Amen. The prophet of Nazareth of Galilee. Nazareth Galilee. Amen. Amen. So that was the entrance into Jerusalem. And you can see how people welcome him. Amen. This is how we need to welcome him all the time. They took benches waving and they put clothes on and so that he can walk on and crying hosana. They were not quiet. Amen. We don't just come in the church to be quiet. We have to cryosana blessed be his name. We glorify him because he is the only one who deserve all the praises and in the midst of acclamation and praises. If you continue to read, he enter in the temple and he cast out all those people were praying in the temple and he start healing the people. Amen. Amen. If you are sick this morning, just praise him. Hosana and receive your healing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So we need really to be prepared for this week. Uh that all the m Easter meetings until next Sunday the resurrection. Uh you will be in that uh atmosphere atmosphere. So we believe that each one of us will be blessed and that's the purpose why we have a special guest speaker a special [Music] guest pastor Gideon you know him right? Amen. So before we bring him to the platform, I would like to welcome the visitors here. [Music] God bless you. Jeff, Ruth, Ruth, Loise. I think I said it right. Louise and Oed and Oed. Ah, that's OED. God bless you. And welcome. So as uh we all stand now to invite pastor Gideon. [Music] We are going to welcome him with [Music] hosana. Oh magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh magnify. Oh my Lord with [Music] me. For he is worthy to. Oh singing hosana. Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of master. Oh glory, glory to his name and reign forever. Oh, glory, glory, glory. We glory to his name. He lives and forever. Oh, singing hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. You may be seated for a [Music] while. I want to meet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus [Applause] Christ. Also bring greetings from the brother on the other side. It's a pleasure for me to be before you this morning. An honor to have a whole week to fellowship with you. I believe you pray for me as I'm doing the same for you. Because in reality, God is and the man is nothing. Only God does everything. Amen. I'll ask you to stand and open our Bible in the book of Genesis chapter 18 chapter 28 from verse 10 to verse 22. I trust the prayers that has been made for this moment. We read the scriptures in the name of the Lord Jesus. [Music] It [Music] is. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. s. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. May God bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. We are going to title our inspiration. Jacob woke up and changed loose into [Music] beta. Lose means a tree that bears certain kind of food. [Music] Fruit that city was called that way because uh that's where the the the fruit was uh being bur. and the inhabitant of this city. They could only see the trees and they were enjoying the fruit of these trees. And when Jacob got to that city and that city of those kind of fruits, he slept there. because the hours was well advanced. He wasn't there is the destination final destination. He left Basha to go going to Karen but somewhere in the middle he had to rest a little bit while he was sleeping. He saw the letter from the earth to the to heaven and God was at the top of the ladder. The angels were going up and down noticing that experience when he woke up. I want you to notice It did not say Jacob woke [Music] up but woken up because that's where my message lay. They didn't say Jacob rose up but he woke up. Are we together? I'm not talking about the revival. I'm talking about the waking up. I woke up and he said, "This place is dreadful. God is in this place and I did not know it." Think about it. Are we together? The inhabitants of L. They could only see the trees, they were used to those kind of fruits and with the almond. But Jacob and m the almond and the [Music] trees. He took conscious of another reality. He did not say the Lord had just come. But he said the Lord is in this place. But I did not know it. God did not come right there at that moment. But God was already there. But the people living there, they didn't know it. But Jacob when he's so conscious of this reality are we together as inhabitants they could only see the natural side of it. They could only see the material side of it. The almond and the fruit of it. But the meat of all this there was another reality. They were not well [Applause] sacious of this reality that was already there and he said his place is in this place and I I did not know it. Amen. He has seen angels going up and coming down on the ladder. Are we together? And when Jesus came, he said the same thing. If thou believe, you will see angels going up and descending upon the son of man. Somebody still with me. Amen. Amen. And Jacob said since God is in this place, he changed the name of the city. Are we together? The city was called Lose. But after this experience, Jacob said now his name Bethl because Bethl means the house of God. Are we together? And when he discovered that, he said, "Therefore, if God keeps me, if gives me food and dress or clothes through, if he keeps me on the journey and brings me back, I will bring the tide of God here. I want to tell somebody before going further. When you discover that God is here and this church is the house of God, then you bring the touch of everything that you receive. Are we still together? Somebody still with me this morning. I'm reminding you that the Lord was not there at that moment, but he was he has been there before but people did not know it. Even Jacob himself did not know it. Until he discover he had that experience. Amen. Amen. They awakened. It's not the fact of uh waking up from sleep. You can be awake but the people of LS was sleeping. They were waking up but they never took conscious of God was there. They awakened. It's not the fact of sleeping and res rising up. They were raising up every morning but they did not know God was there. But Jacob woke up. He noticed God was there. He changed loose to Beth. Amen. Amen. Then the they awaken. It's coming out of sleep with being conscious of another reality. A reality of an invisible dimension. Are we together? Are are you ready? Benam says in the resurrection of Lazarus. I'm saying to be awakened is taking conscious of the invisible dimension. You're not seeing just the trees, natural trees, trees, but you see God there. Amen. in the message the resurrection of Lazarus uh November 20 22nd 53 paragraph uh 36 second part is saying this God always war send always send his warning are we together God always send his warning Just before the coming of Jesus, he sent an angel down out of the heaven by the name of Gabriel. Now, my minor angels comes mine. Yes, you see angels now be with me. Are you ready? Says, "Everyone has a guardian angel. Is there anybody here? Is there anybody here? What says everyone has an angel? Say with me, I have an angel. Repeat that with me. I have an angel. Hallelujah. I know what I'm doing. Be conscious of that dimension or else you're going to leave the way you came. Even if you don't see that angel, just begin to believe he's there. Begin to believe you have an angel. If you don't believe that you have an angel, that's your problem. That's how depends all the the meetings. Are we together? Repeat that. I have an angel. even though you don't see it, you can feel it. But what I'm saying here, God always send warnings. Sometime you say somebody something was telling me to do something but I didn't. What is that thing that was telling you? It was the angel. The angel always send warnings, always speak to us one way or another. But we are not exercised to catch his voice. It's not that the angel will come. The angel is already there. You don't know it. This morning, I want somebody to say, "The Lord was already there, but I do not know it." Are we together? Repeat that again. I have an angel. Now listen, if everybody has an angel now, that means this room is full of full of angels. There are angels everywhere. I I want you to be conscious of it because what the rest depends on that. Are we still together? Are we together? Whatever say somewhere else, the whole building is full of angels. The angels that on every aisles, the angels or every seat are we together. Believe that you have an angel. You know, don't expect you don't expect to see it to believe it. believe it because sometime our vision can lie to us by faith does not lie. The word does not lie. Don't wait for the sign of healing to believe that you are healed. Believe that you're healed because God said so. The improvement of your health, it's not the sign of your healing. He can get better a little bit and he get worse after and somebody dies and they start saying it was getting better. If it's getting better, it's not the sign of the healing. The proof that you are healed is the word that says you are healed. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters. Repeat that with me again. I have an angel. Says, everyone has a guardian angel. When you go out and come back, that's the same angel keeping you when you sleep and wake up. That's the angel keeping you in the message, the authority of the word. June uh 10 June uh 2nd June 53 paragraph 8 better says let's bow our head once more time one more time he say Lord in whom we take delight to call up thee to call on thee our heart just melt with love when we think of your great grace that you have had toward Adam fallen race. How the father gave his son as ransom there at Calvary to take away the sin of the world and to heal the sick and afflicted. Now listen. He said, "And how down through the age, every time a great stir steering has been in the church, not just a revival, a steering has been in the church. There has been healings, miracles, and signs. Every time people take conscious of the presence of God, listen, people are getting healed without laying on hands. They are getting healed without a special prayer because the thing that heals not the hands but it's the presence of God. Every time a great steering has been in the church, people are too conscious of the presence of God. There have been a lot of healings, miracles, signs I down through the ages where you came. There was miracles, signs and wonders. Amen. Amen. These are the things that happens when people to take conscious of the presence of God. Now listen, the prophet Elijah never prayed for God to come, for the fire to come, for the chariots to come. When his servant told him, we are surrendered by Syrian army. Elijah did not say, God, send the chariots of fire, be still, be with me. He did not say God God send angels or please God send the fire. He said open the eyes of the servant so that he can see the reality that hasn't been there. Elijah was in contact with that dimension. The chariots were there. The fire were there but the servant could not see it. He was like a people loose. He had to be awake to take conscious of this presence and things was changed. But when his eyes were opened, Elijah said, "You see, people are are with us. They're in great numbers. the people that with them. But I want you to understand, the chariot just did not come at that moment. They were already there. But the servant did not know it. But Elisha knew it. Somebody still with me. I see God this morning will do something. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters is preaching a message. The attitude and who is God. As we are moving forward, August 1950 paragraph nine. Granted, Father tonight, let a lot of things happen. Are we together? Let a lot of things be done. Send your spirits. Give people faith. Amen. Amen. Sometime it it startled them. Now listen now. Father, they can't realize the presence of this great thing. He's already there. But people don't realize of this presence, this great being, the Jehovah of the Old Testament, Jesus of the New, the Holy Spirit of this day, standing here tonight, to make good any promise that you have made. Bless us Lord. Now I'm take paragraph 21 to save some time. People are not taking cautions. He say well now no wonder cripples when you realize that you can straighten out. They are not straightened out because they have been anointed with oil not because they lay hand on them but when they realize the presence of God. Amen. Amen. They straighten up. Amen. Amen. The creator is here. No wonder blind that can see opens up because the creator's here. The creator realize who the Bible say we are sons and daughters of God. as offspring. Now we are something like God was. [Applause] When you are son of God, you are like God. Amen. Amen. Jesus said himself, it is written, you are God's. Written in your love. We become a part of God, a son of God by adoption through Jesus Christ. Therefore, if you realize, that's the problem, if you realize that the very God that created the dirt, the earth, and whatever it is living among men, Where's your faith at? If you realize that God is here, you will come every day. You will live with solutions even without special prayer. Because the presence of God is being conscious of that presence that does something that does change loose to Beth. Amen. Amen. In question answer on Hebrew. In question and answer on Hebrew part three paragraph 634 I'm talking about realizing take it conscious at a certain time we will see how it will happen. Or if the great if the great holy church only realized only realize it's power to do things. Don't ask for power. The power is already there. We just don't realize it. If we can only realize the power we have to do these things says. But there is so much doubt and fear and trembling wondering if it will could happen or not. Will it happen or could it happen? Will it happen? Could happen. Adam says as long as that exists, the church can never stand upright. As long as you doubt, as long as you fear, as long as you wonder, faith does not ask questions. How? It's not faith business. When God says it, how will do it? It's none of my business. If when God says it, God knows how will do it, I will believe it and I move forward says sometime we wonder how a cow, how a black cow will eat dark wheat, but he has a red blood and white milk. Who can explain it? though I don't understand it reality but it's the reality. Amen. Amen. Yes, my beloved. How? It's none of my business. When God makes the promise, the believer believe it and he moves forward. If God says you have an angel, start walking being conscious of that angel. Amen. Amen. You are sure no matter the problem, I got an angel and it's a guardian angel. Are we together? Is an angel to keep me safe. A body God. Amen. Amen. You are not whosoever. You are not anybody. You have a body God. He is an angel. Amen. Amen. He's there to keep you. No wonder, no ask yourself question. Don't be afraid. Every time Jesus intervene, he always says fear not is I when is him fear lives. Amen. Amen. You don't question says when every talk of fear is vanished and the Holy Spirit completely in control of the church then all fields are gone and that church has the power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. See why people are here the way you are they have everything that heaven owns behind them I don't know if you feel that behind you everything heaven behold held don't look like on anybody Amen. Everything heaven owns to go with you at work, to be with you when you travel, and everything that you do. Be conscious that you have behind you, everything heaven owns. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. They are ambassadors of the throne. Amen. Amen. Of the throne, my brothers, the throne of God, the great throne. The ambassadors of the throne. Absolutely. A beloved say, an ambassador of Christ has the authority. Do we have one here? Do we have an ambassador here? Then say I have an authority. Amen. He has the authority. And everything that Christ owns belongs to that ambassador. Everything that Christ owns belongs to you as an individuality. If you're not conscious of that reality, you will lose the battle all the time. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters, this is the exact truth. It's being conscious. It's the awaken of your conscience. Amen. Yes. They awaken of your conscience that changes things says in another message. Sir is this the time of the end December the 30th December 62 paragraph 233. here come with this little church before me and by faith we'll leave this building in the rapture. Are we together? I'll come back to that. One day whatever was there in front of prayer line they brought a a blind girl. He started praying the the girl did not see after a while she told brother Benham Bham told brother Neville he said brother Neville I went to heaven while he was there he said I took the child by my hand I took him to the throne and I took the blood and applied on your eyes with just still while he was in my this morning. I'm taking you by faith in the rapture. Amen. By faith, in the rapture. Amen. Amen. Where things happen in an invisible dimension where God is real. Amen. Amen. While we still sitting together in a heavenly places around the throne of God, we are here but at the same time we are there. Amen. Amen. Don't stay stuck here. He said we are leaving this building in a rapture. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters. Our heart was warmed up many times by the things we have seen you do and unfold your mysteries to us. But Lord tonight I'm all weary who to me. He said, "And Jacob, when he saw those angel coming down and letter and going back, he said, "This is a dreadful place none other than the house of God and there Bethl was established. This church, it will just be a building. As long as you don't realize God is in here says the church is just a piece of building with the same materials, the same material they build the house with and supermarkets. They are built with the same materials. How we stood together. Even bars, nightclubs are built with the same material. But the difference is the presence of God. Amen. If God is not there, it's not different than the [Applause] supermarket. Are we together? If God is not here, it's not different than a supermarket. The difference is the presence of God in this moment. What was just a building becomes the house of God in that time. Roose become B. Amen. And when you know it's Bethl by leaving your place, your home, you know I'm going to the house of God. you the way you come is different and when you come differently you will also live differently and that will happen all the time because God is not a habitual God. God is a God of every day a new experience every day when he taught us to pray he said pray and say give us our daily bread. Amen. Not a meal for all life, all the life, but a daily life. Every day new bread, every day new experience, every day new testimony. Yes, my brothers and sisters, that's the house of God. And when you know that way, you will come sick and leave healed. No, if even even though they don't speak about healing, The presence there will do everything says God chose seven names to meet all your needs the seven compiled names. Amen. Amen. And if it's El Sh the one is here same time Jehovah Rafa says the seven compound name you cannot separate them when it comes he did not forget he did not forget he comes with all the names you are sick your heals you. Amen. Amen. You have a need, he provides because listen, all your needs are found in the seven compound names. Amen. Amen. The seven names is the answer to all the questions is the solution to all problems. Yes, my brothers and sisters. Amen. And when God is there, amen and we know he's here, we expect him. And every day, something happens. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters, this is exact because the angel of God ascend and descend, they don't say he descend ascend, but they and the latter touches the the earth and the the the the throne. What does he mean? He links the earth and heaven. He links people with God and the angel assist with our request and it comes down with the answers. That's what they do all the time. Once you're there, once you in the battle, the angel ascends with your needs. All the needs that you didn't express. They ascend with them and they come down with angels. They go up. That's the ministry. They don't get tired. They just go up and come down. When they go up, they come down. Something change and desendmotion. Something somebody has a promotion, they comes down, they go up, they come down, somebody's healed. Amen. Amen. Every time they go up and comes down, something has to change. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, my brothers. Be cautious of that reality. Come knowing I'm going where they have a light. I have a lot of Jacob. The angel go up and descend upon the son of man. Yes my brothers and sisters and we at the well appropriate place. The ministry of the son of man has been manifested today. It's not for nothing. It's to bring back the ladder. So that the angel can ascend and descend. Amen. Hallelujah. They ascend with our tears. And they comes down with our joy. They come down with our trouble. They ascend with them and they come down peace and joy that overwhelm our hearts. That's what they do in the church. That's why they do in Beth. That is why my invitation. You got to live loose. You only see almond. You only see trees. You only see the natural side of it. Go to bed in the heart of God. Amen. Amen. Yes, my beloved brothers. This is the exact truth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, God is wonderful. My God is wonderful. Do you feel it? And awaken that changes lose to better taking conscious. But says in the third seal third seal. I haven't started preaching yet. My message will not take long. I'm just placing foundation so that we can all reach the same level. March 20, March 20, paragraph 105, 105 and 183. He says, he can do what he wants. God, he can do what he wants to. Do you believe it? God can do what he wants to. Repeat that with me. God can do what he wants to God. The creator, the only thing to do is to just speak it. That's right. He's the creator. If you pronounce that you are healed, you are healed. Now, if we just get to realizing how great he [Music] is, realize how great he is, I want to tell somebody this morning that came in despair with a a great problem. Your problem is not greater than Jesus. [Music] Amen. Says if you can only realize how great he is, you will ignore your problem. You will forget that problem if you can only realize how great he is. Oh my brothers and sisters, The infinite God, the God is unlimited. Amen. Amen. Amen. If he can just realize how great he is, you see, he just does what he wished to. Amen. of 183 says the bride has not seen the revival yet. Amen. Amen. You see there has been no revival there. Now listen, no manifestation of God to steal the bride yet. That is why I'm making the difference between the revival and the stirring up. It's the awaken that trigger the revival. If there's no awakening, we don't have the revival. Say the bread has not Isaiah hasn't been seen the revival yet. Why? No manifestation of God to steal the steal of the bride yet. Because when the bride is awakened when she takes conscious of the presence of God, then the awakening happens. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now I was speaking of lose. It's a natural city where there were a lot of almond. There was a lot of almond. People were used to have to see those trees and to eat almond. But when Jacob came around in the midst of the armor trees, he's seen the another reality in the invisible dimension. He was brought in contact with that dimension. He changed loose to better. It was the same city. Some they were living in L. But Jacob was living in better. Hallelujah. Are we still together? Are we together? Now I'm going to start preaching. What says in invisible union? He said God has given us a new land. Now leave this the history, a new land. The message for this hour, this message, it's a whole land in which we are living in. But in this land, we have almond trees. We have almond and there are people that only see those trees. But today, God need Jacob. Beyond almond trees, beyond those trees, you will see another reality. Amen. Amen. I want to say something my brothers and sisters. I've seen a lot of men of God that have preached this message started saying I I forsake the message. I'm leaving the message. They have been living in ruse. They only see the natural side of it. They only seen almond trees and almonds, but they never had a revelation of the person that was a mother. Yes, my brothers and sisters, great men of God, they preached for a while. All the message is false. Lied this. It wasn't true. They were just living in loose. They could only see the natural side of it. They only see books. That's what I'm talking about. They could only see books. They only see pictures and that's it. But in the midst of all this, Jacob looked he said the Lord in this message and I do not know it. Oh my, oh my brothers and sisters, the Lord is in this message. The major inhabitant of this land of this message. They live in the midst of they wake up in the midst of they eat almond. They eat coats. Amen. Amen. They enjoyed it. They have all kinds of doctrine. But in the midst of all this, let me say it. I I I live I I'm here with my friends. If the message is just books, then we are not different from Jehovah witnesses. I'm going to repeat it. If the message just bunch of books, there's no difference with Jehovah Witness. The difference with this message, it's the angels. It's the supernatural. That's the difference with Jehovah witness. It's the holy message where the angel ascend and descend. Hallelujah. Because the angels, they only ascend and descend on the son of man. And the Pentecostals, they don't have that ministry. The Protestants, they don't have that ministry. Catholics, the Catholic, they don't have that ministry. The angels and the son of man. Hallelujah. That's the difference. Hallelujah. That's the whole difference. If you remove the angels, you remove the supernatural, you have bunch of books. Are we still together? Yes, my brothers and sisters. That's the exact truth. Amen. Amen. Now begins to preach. I'm only going to preach with two quotes. The first one, why? Why? Why people are backsliding? Why people are leaving? Oh, I follow brother Bham though you eat with brother Bernham. If you backslide, that's your business. You you have been living loose. I'm not going to be influenced. Even if you were sleeping in the same bed with Renham, that's none of my business. You know, when Jesus was on the earth, one day a a woman came, they only called her the woman for blood, they don't know her name until today. She came to church that day. She was saying to herself, "If I could only touch, I would be healed." Are we still together? When she got there, she touched Jesus, she was healed. That woman, my brother, when I'm thinking of that woman, I I'm being brother says, she didn't have any promise. She didn't have any reference. She didn't have the holy ghost. It It's It was before the cross. It was before the cross. She was under this the blood of goats and but Jesus was not dead [Music] yet but she went to church saying to ourselves how what do you say to yourself today don't come like that church come telling yourself something now listen that woman everything was against her. She had a blood issue. And the law was saying, the the woman with a blood issue. She has to be put away. The woman was coming, breaking the law. Is he getting it? Breaking the law. She look at the law. I have a blood issue. I have to be put away. by my only chance to be delivered is to touch this man and I have to know the law I should move people around touch Jesus Jesus said who touched me Peter said Jesus this is not possible anybody's touching you I wanted to say touching Jesus is not a problem but the way to touch [Applause] Amen. Amen. Touching Jesus is not a problem. Everybody's touching you. He said, "No, Peter, somebody touched me a very special way. I felt a special touch. A virtue left me. No eating with bread, sleeping in the same bed. That's not a problem. It depends on how you realize it. That is why my brothers, no matter who backslide, I will not [Applause] backslide. Oh no, brother. Oh no. And that's not a problem. They were living loose. Only the concealed But Jacob the newcomer. So God and they were still in loose. They were still los. Amen. Amen. I am in battle. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Says paragraph 56. Why March 1960? He said one day the trumpet was sound for the last time the Bible will be closed and laid on the pulpit. The actor will play the last act. The son will set down at the west. The weapon will be gathered for the last time. Now listen my problem and then we will be asked to give a reason for what we have done with the treasures that has been sent to us. It's a book of treasures. Are we together? The Bible is a book of treasures. God has given us treasures. 167 is praying. He said, "Our heavenly father, the riches of God is sent to us by a letter." Now keep this very well. When God is sending the riches, the treasures, how does he send it? By letters. The message of the Bible. The the the letter is the message of the Bible. that the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit was ordained of God our father with the blood of his son Jesus to bring us this message. He's the true witness of Christ. But it's written when he the Holy Ghost is come, he will bring this thing into your me remembrance. Remind you that you've got treasures and riches untold in the pages of this book. Are we together? God has given us treasures that we have to give an account. He sent it by letter the message the message of the message. Now my message is here that the bombad bomb in Gilead uh 61 paragraph 65 says There was a whole movement in this uh country. You see in the Bible the woman represent the church. That woman was dying of anger. She was starving. She was stricken by poverty. A woman. poor starving. Wow. Somebody accused her over the authority and we a charity work and the went to this woman ask her. We come to investigate your case today. We have come to investigate your case and we want to know what's wrong for you to be in this situation. They ask her, "Have you got any relation?" She said, "I have a lovely son. A lovely son. starving, poor yet she still had a lovely son. Are we still [Applause] together that it contradict each other, right? You're stricken with poverty, starving, but you still have a lovely son. Then they say, and she said, "My son, he's a businessman. a son, a lovely son, a businessman and you still living in this condition and they ask her where is he? He said she said he's in India. You said why they said a businessman your son and you starving and they ask her why don't he send you something and he said why don't he send you something remember God sent which is treasure by letter. Amen. Amen. How how long has he been over there? She said about 10 years. He said, he said she said he's a very prosperous businessman, a lovely son, a businessman. know what no a certain businessman a very prosperous businessman but her mother stricken with poverty dying starving are we still together they ask her why can't he just help you out where he said she said I just can't ask him. I just can't do it. Said, "He's just a sweet boy." He's such a sweet boy, a very lovely, a very prosperous businessman. Her misovert struck him with poverty. And he said, I write him letters. Amen. Stay with me. And he writes, "And he writes me the sweetest letters that any boy could write to his mother." And in his letters, he tells me how much he loves me. Hallelujah. But her stricken with poverty, starving, sick all the time, nothing was changing, but she still had lives. Remember The treasures of God are sent to us in the form of letters. Amen. Amen. She said, "I just couldn't ask him for it." And they said, "Well, you are to tell him." She said, "I just can't do it. tell my son that I'm poverty stricken and I just couldn't do it. And she said, she just doesn't send me letters, lovely letters. He sent me the prettiest pictures I've ever seen in my life. And they asked her, "What kind of pictures?" She said, pretty little pictures about this be. The man says, "May I see one?" And they ask her, "Where do you go there, man? Stay with me. This is where my message is. Where do you keep this message? This pictures, are we together?" She [Music] said, "Keep them in the Bible. Are we still together?" She had a suitcase. She had a purse. Why keeping the letters in the Bible? In the Bible. Then the old mother crossed the floor went. Now listen. She picked up her Bible, her own Bible. and begin to lay them out. To lay them out the investigator look at them says she was a rich [Applause] woman. She was a rich woman. What were they? They were bank draft from India. [Music] They had pretty pictures of on them. Where did she find them? In her [Music] Bible. Where did she find a treasures in the Bible? How how did they came in in the form of letters says in her Bible? She was rich but she did not know it. And Jacob awakened from asleep and said, "The Lord is in this place, and I do not know it. And this woman was rich, but she did not know it. But where did she find her riches?" Whatever say in revival, whatever is telling you now, you don't have to act like the world. Are we together? You don't have to act like the world. You don't have to go all burn down. Why? You are rich. [Music] Amen. If you don't want to say it, I'm going to say it. I'm rich. If you don't want to say it, I'm going to say it. I'm rich. Amen. I'm just informing you I'm [Music] rich. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. I want everybody to know I'm the richest. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Bam says now where do you find it now? It's not her, it's you. Now, where did she find riches? In the Bible. Where do you find it? Amen. But say in the Bible. When I was in the office, I said this is God. They were they were singing every chapter, every verse, every promise in the Bible is mine. Says, you just looked over and you thought it was just a picture, a picture book. Do we have pictures here? Do we have pictures here? The best pictures that you have never seen in your life. Somebody stay with me here. The best pictures that you have ever seen. She said he sent me the prettiest pictures I've never seen in my life. Say this pictures. It's not a book story. These are riches. Amen. Amen. It's not a picture book or some other true story. But there it is. It's God's word because the word you are rich. Now listen in the spiritual things. I'm rich spiritually speaking in health. I'm rich in the material things. I'm rich in the riches of God is in all dimensions. When God delivers perfect in delivering per perfectly, his deliverance is total. Are we together? Are we still together? Are we here? I want to tell somebody before I start preaching. The message that we received are riches and treasures of God that have been sent to us in the very kind and sweetest letters and the prettiest pictures that we have never seen. You won't see this manington, but you will see it in a museum in Washington DC. The prettiest pictures, the cloud of glories back there. I want to tell somebody these pictures are not just pictures. It's not psychology. This picture is the evidence that the pill of fire is real. A woman saw that picture. The pill of fire leaving the picture healing her. And if he did it, he can do it again. Oh my beloved brothers, it's not a picture book. I don't put a picture book in my church. This picture is to tell you that the pill of fire is real. And what was it? What was the use of it in the time of Israel? When it was dark, he was lighting the way. Are we together? When there was the Red Sea before them, he was parting the Red Sea. Where there was no way, he was making a way. Where there's no opportunities, he gives opportunities. That's the purifier. It's not a picture book, it's riches, a great treasure. Understand it that way. And the cloud of glory when it was sunny. The cloud of glory covers them. When people were crying left and right, they were under the shade of the cloud. The cloud of glory were covering them were protecting them. Amen. Amen. and my prophet in the birth pain and of the ministry of his life. He said this prayer, let the cloud and the pill of fire leaves the picture and gets in the people. Oh my beloved brothers and sisters, whyity to be the reality riches where men cannot see a way. You see a way through when men don't see anything. You see something. It's not a picture book. No, my brothers and sisters God has sent us by in the form of letters. Amen. Amen. A letter. Amen. You see a letter, you understand? How does is it written? Now listen, when you have a letter like this, don't just believe it's a letter. Go wake Jesus. It's not a letter. When you have a problem, wake him up. But you keep it as just a letter. You have a problem. You still have a letter. Go wake Jesus. I have a letter investment. I have a letter. Turn your way to Jesus. You have a problem. You have a beautiful letter. You a sweet letter. My son has sent me that letter. The only begotten son of God who's in glory. He sent me a letter. How do you find yourself in that same I have a lovely sonsper? He's very prosperous business. He sends me letters. Those are just not letters. These are riches. These are not letters. I'm saying these are [Applause] riches. When you read go wake Jesus, it's not just letters. It means wake Jesus up. The very sweetest letters. The exploit of faith. A very sweet beautiful letter. Investment. And you don't even invest. A very beautiful letter. Hallelujah. Are we together? And you find yourself in that state because you're still living in loose. You only see almond trees and almond and you don't see in the midst of it. There is another reality infallible. Hallelujah. As long as you see the natural side of it and you will find mistakes and you leave. But some of us we already see in the midst of all this. The Lord is in this message and I do not know it. Know my brothers and sisters for nothing in the world. I will leave this message. I will leave this land. I'm more than convinced. God is in this message. For me, it's not letters. For me, it's riches. It's a treasure. You will realize. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brothers and sisters. you reading the total deliverance and you're not delivered and you're just living like that to deliverance and I call Jesus on the scene lift him out of the history I'm telling you these are not just letters the riches of God has been sent to us in the form of letter Amen Amen. And once you realize it, your life changes. Your situation changed. Praise God. You just have to realize it. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. My beloved brother, was preaching this. when he was preaching I brought a few letters here the the sweetest letters so that you can understand those are not just letters when he's preaching the almighty god unveiled before you listen my friend here we are preaching paragraph the almighty god unveiled before you paragraph 20 was not preaching paragraph this morning there when he saying the almighty god a unveiled It wasn't just paragraphs. It wasn't the Almighty God unveiling before the people. Are we together? There were not just paragraphs. They put it after. Am I saying the truth? After they recorded and they put paragraphs by the morning was preaching. It was not books. It was not paragraphs. Almighty God was unveiled before them. Amen. Right before he preached they unveiled God. Unveiling of God. He noticed that people did not get it. He is coming back. He said the almighty God unveiling for you. People look they only see paragraphs. They only see almond and aren the presence of God unrecognized. disappointed. Disappointed. People can only see almond trees and almond and the presence of God unrecognized. This message my brothers and sisters are not just books in a man in the midst of the books. They are a being, a real being, a supernatural being that changes the life of people. There is a real thing when you have that message the message become better as long as it's loose where you can see quotes and doctrines and all that when I declare a a strong statement there's not only that in the midst of all that there there is another reality And when you have the message in Bethl, when you know the house of God, you will see a spirit. Where else to whom shall we go? We are conscious. It's here. The house of God. Amen. Amen. Yes. My brothers and sisters, I want you to understand when you leave today, listen. Brother said two things. She first she found a riches in her Bible. Then brother continued by saying her own Bible. Are we together? Everybody has it. Everybody has the richest. If you are stricken with poverty that's your problem. Let me tell you, the investigator did not give anything to that woman. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And today, the investigator did not come to give you money. He's not coming to give you your healing. He's not coming to change your situation. The role of the investigator is to wake you up, the role of the investigator is to awaken you to the things that you already have and you say you are rich. what you call the sweetest letters and the prettiest pictures. These are riches. These are your healing. These are your health. It's your promotion. It's your enterprise. All that you need and you call it the British letters. These are not picture book. Listen, one day a little igllet was lost in the uh chicken boneyard and her mother came to rescue her. And when the mother uh found her somewhere in the chicken bard, she came down there. She spread for a week and she cried out and the igllet that was used to the little cry of the chicken. That day she heard something different. And that cry awakened the nature of the elet that was in him. Amen. The igllet never turn their eyes up. Amen. They were just a chicken down there. While the chicken was looking down to lose a cried come from heaven. Amen. He saw a different being different than the chicken. The p the chicken is like this. over up there was a mighty wings and the mother told the son the little igllets come up come up and the English say I'm not going to go up you have great wings I don't have great wings like you don't have to have a great wings to fly up you just have I only need one thing let be the the nature of the eco be awaken You and I want to wen that nature in you. Spread your wings. Flap your wings. Work too hard. Listen. The mother eagle never remove his wings to send to the eagllet. He never send him his wings. The w the only wings that he had the little wings. Just flap your wings. It begins to flap and start to fly up a little bit. Listen, the same power that lift you up can [Applause] lift you up. Are you getting it again? Now listen, this morning, you don't need a greater faith than what you got now. Just the faith that you got. God say I have a little faith. Jesus said even though your faith is a little is enough to move mountains today what you got. Flap your wings. Come out. Change your condition. Flap your wings. Come up higher. Amen. You only need one thing. that you are ignorant and that's all. That's the awakening. You change loose to better and this message become the house of God and somebody will say this message is the house of God. He's the heaven. Amen. He's the king of supernatural. this message. Listen, it's the sight of the answer. It's here that God answer for you. It's here that we have a lot of Jacob. It's here that the angel ascended descend. If you believe it with all your hearts, I don't need to lay hands on you now. I'm just putting you before your conscience. Let it be a weapon. The investigator did not give any penny to that woman, but he just help her to realize she was rich, but she did not know it. I want to tell somebody, you are healed. You didn't know it. You are healed. says, "If you ask Jesus to heal you today, he will not heal you because you already did it." Amen. Amen. Says, God will not give you nothing. As long as you believe you already done it, it's already done. That's what he said. Everything you ask the father in my name, believe that you already receive it and you will see it being fulfilled. Are we together? You believe now. You already receive it. But you will see it in the future even if now you don't see anything. Are we together? That's faith. Faith is right now. It's between you. You already receive it and you will see it that in between. That's where faith is. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Continue to believe that you already receive it. And when you believe that way, when the devil comes to tell you something else, I got a letter here. Amen. Amen. Persevere. Persevere. Amen. Amen. Oh no. Oh no. You I still feel ignored. Persevere. Persevere. It's not a letter. It's a riches. It's a treasure. Are we together? It's a treasure. It's a great riches. Amen. Amen. Where did she find it? In her own Bible. Now I'm asking you a question. Where are we going to We're going to preach. When I ask you a question, I don't know how it's going to end. I don't know how it's going to end today. Now listen, where she found it? In her own [Applause] Bible, where find the way of heaven in this message. Now I'm in the message. I'm I'm asking question and then you answer in the in this message. Wait till find the way to heaven. Answer how loud answer together find the salvation of the son without repentance. Amen. The auntie where did she find the healing for a son? of John Jerry born in a poor family. Where did she get a million? I want to tell somebody in this message. The poverty of your parents does not justify your poverty. I'm going to repeat it. In battle in this message, the poverty of your parents does not justify your own poverty. Are we together? Oh, my parents are poor. That's them. They were poor. My my my father has has never been in America, but I'm [Applause] here. Now listen. Where is the promise? Even cancer will be healed by [Applause] prayer. Even cancer. Where is that promise in this [Applause] message? Absolutely. 66 years in the wheelchair. Where was he healed? [Applause] Where's the screws? Where was the scrolls created? By the [Applause] word and the little fish dead with the woman out seven filled with crutches. Where did you find it? Even the bulls was subjected by a man. Where did you see it? Yes, sir. And the officer, the mother officer in where was he in the message and the the felon then son the fen she was he was crushed. The little boy from Felon who was crushed and hallelujah with only the skin on the flesh. Where are the angel ascending and descending? But where you standing this [Applause] morning? If you're in the same message, all is possible. Everything is possible. You are in the right place. You are in the right place. You are in the right place. Whatsoever can happen. You are in this message. If you want to go to heaven, this message is the way. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you want to be answered by your prayers, this message is the site of answer prayers. [Applause] This message is the camp of a supernatural. If you need the Holy Ghost is in this message. Now listen, the voice told John, go to the angel, take the book. [Music] The Catholic will take the go to the angel to have the book to have the new birth. You got to go to the angel. If you don't have the angel, where do you get the book? That's why people backslide. Go to the angel. Take the book. Eat the book. When I So John took the book, he swallowed the book, he became the book. Now they say prophesy again. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brother and sister. To have the book, you have to go to the angel. And we believe the angel, the true new birth. It's in this message, the new salvation. It's here, the true Holy Ghost. It's in here and you are in that land where everything is going wrong and you go back the way you came. I said no. I'm saying no. You're not going back the way you came. Something has to happen and you leave this place saying this message is grateful. God is in this message. I did not know it. This message is the gates of heaven. This message is the camp of supernatural. This message is where God answers prayers. This message is the heart of God. God is in his word. God is message because God is here. What is your problem? Let this change. Let it change. You leave this place today. God is this and I did not know it. Amen. Amen. May your conscience be awakened of this presence. This presence go along with you. Go along with you. Go along with you. And when you leave, you get there and come back. Bring tithe, an offering. Amen. God, may God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord. This is a very lifting up message. Uh there is no reason to stay low. The solution healing is in you. You are rich. Let us stand up on our feet. Amen. There are two rules you may take, one by side. Oh, one by faith. Oh today just take the word of God. Oh what you see. Oh what you believe is what will be. Set your way. Set your way to the wings of faith. You can fly. You can fly in [Music] high to what you need today. Oh, what you want today? Oh mighty. Oh mighty. Oh today just the way. Amen. Here we move for you. We fly. Set your way. F of you [Applause] I [Music] pray to [Applause] my soul. Watch in the sky. [Music] It has no struggle. Thank you, Father. Oh, we for the power. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] to the wings of You fly [Applause] [Music] away [Music] my way to the set your There you can [Music] [Music] [Music] Baby only believe [Music] be [Music] all things are possible. All we [Music] [Music] Believe our face [Music] are Lord. Oh, I [Applause] today I [Music] [Music] Lord [Music] [Music] feeling everything. [Applause] Oh, I receive. [Applause] are [Music] [Applause] now receive. [Applause] Oh, let us sing together now. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] N. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You will find it's not too busy to hear your heart cry is sing by this one and your ser [Music] and touch the Lord as he goes. Reach out and touch as he goes by. All you find is not to be seen. Your [Music] heart is my heart. Sing by this one. Oh, we shine and touch the Lord as he goes by. Most gracious heavenly father, we thank you for your grace because this message is a message of grace and we are not worthy of anything. What we are, what we have, it's just your grace. And we want to be thankful and grateful. And this morning, Father, we want to say thank you for reaching out to every need. Oh God, it was not a man speaking. It was you, the living God, the creator of heaven and earth. The one who knows the need. Father, you have spoken. It's not in vain. You have an objective and we pray that that objective come to pass maybe Lord or certainly we needed a wakeup call. the things that we have, the thing that are in us. He took your wake up call the same way you did with Jacob. Wake up our conscience that we are not sick, we are not poor, we are not needy, but we have everything at our reach and we come with the power that is already in the message. The power that is within ourselves. The power that is in the church to claim every situation situation, every person to take conscience and to go to the angel now and claim that book. read the book and then prophesy and then we are going to say thing will come to pass. We need to prophesy good things, good things about ourself. Then everyone who have prophesied, let us believe and continue to claim. I got it. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Bless Pastor Gideon. Bless his family. bless his church and ministry and give us traveling mercies. We pray also, Father, for the upcoming meetings. Oh God, we want this Easter meetings be really a resurrection of our lives. We want to glorify your name. We want to thank you in advance with thanksgiving as we commit everything into your [Music] hands, praying and asking in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. May God bless you. May God bless you. We dismiss in the name of the Lord [Music] Jesus. Glorious. [Music] [Music] She to [Music] I pre [Music] [Music] [Music] We [Music] go [Music] [Music] sor powerful. Oh, I [Music] [Applause] [Music] sh Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] sh Oh [Music] The [Music] sher all I [Applause] [Music] She to [Music] sh the most I We are [Music] so happy with the free. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] sh to see [Music] the [Music] pre to what is there [Music] for this master keep the dawn [Music] I for [Music] [Applause] [Music] I call for why I come [Music] from over [Music] You will s [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, give us shining [Music] [Music] [Music] Mer [Music] and me I love on the And you [Music] won't [Music] shot. Emotion. [Music] One more time that verse [Music] [Applause] suffering glory. I praise Jes. He [Music] [Music] g my glory. [Music] chasing my pers. Oh, come home. Come home. Oh, never want you [Music] to open my Lord. I'm coming home. I'm coming home. Coming [Music] home. [Music] Open. Open wide. Oh Lord God. Oh sh. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I'm coming, [Music] coming never to open, open my eyes of love. Oh, first verse. Oh wonder, have wonderful way from God. Oh, now I'm coming. Oh yes, I [Music] for too long. Oh, I'm coming. Oh, I'm coming coming home coming [Music] to open wide arms are coming Oh, have wasted me in precious year. Oh Lord, I'm coming home. Oh yes, I repent with tears. Oh, I'm coming. Oh, I'm [Music] coming. Open my eyes. [Music] Oh, I got a bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat up [Music] [Music] here. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
