################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-05-01 - The Sufferings Are Not Worthy To Be Compared With The Glory - 2  |  Bro Stephen Dodd  |  05.01.2024 - Stephen Dodd - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-05-01
Title:   The Sufferings Are Not Worthy To Be Compared With The Glory - 2  |  Bro Stephen Dodd  |  05.01.2024
Speaker: Stephen Dodd
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK5F6UTicws
========================================

Come on, let's put our hands together now. When we all see Jesus, we sing and shout the victory. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the mountains bright and blessed. He prepare for us a blessing when we when we What a day of rejoicing. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. While we walk, While we walk, the hill pathway, clouds will over spread the sky. But we're traveling. But when traveling days are over, no shadow when you when we get [Music] to rejoicing. God will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout victory. Let us be true and faithful as stand be true and faithful. Trusting and serving serving every day. Just one less giving. All the joys of life will remain. Oh, when we when we get together. What a day of rejoicing God will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true. Let us then be true. I want to hear the church now. Oh tring every day. Oh just one glimpse of him in glory will the toys of life. The next verse brother onward to the prize. Onward to the prize. Soon is beauty. Soon his beauty will be soon the party gates will open. The body gates will open. We shall the streets of God. Oh, when we when we get to heaven, what a day rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Amen. will sing and shout about that victory. You may be seated. [Music] Amen. Brother Martin and the saints and and and and and precious from Busay Church, you're welcome. Sing your special song. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] [Laughter] 124 chance Ever [Music] Yes. No more we Oh [Music] my god. [Music] So in the [Music] way you receive [Music] Fire will come. [Music] Oh, good. I'm glad I [Music] She sle. [Music] for day [Music] enough to I will I also want to cover [Music] [Music] God [Music] Yes. So [Music] chance. Yes. God bless you. Grand Jesus is my daily walking daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be dear Lord. Let it be. Amen. You appreciate them for that special [Music] song. Fill my way every day with love. A man can get me that song in Luganda. [Music] Amen. I request that we stand prepare to receive the [Music] word. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] for you. [Music] Oh, yuru. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] come see. [Music] Get out. Oh, y [Applause] answer. You don't get [Music] [Music] Oh, young. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Maybe [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] there my way every day with love. Oh, feel my way. Yes. Feel my way every day. Now as I walk with the heavenly heavenly Let me go the wine. Let me go the wine with a soul and a smile. Feel my way every day. Oh yes. Feel my way. Feel my way. Feel my way every day as I am led by the heavenly with the Let me go all the while. Let me go. Oh the one with a song and a smile. Feel my way every day with love. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. 57. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is my eyes have seen the Lord. Through mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trampling out the ves where the graph stoing. [Music] Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Come on, give him glory this afternoon. Glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. He deserves the glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. His truth is marching on. I have seen him. Oh, I have seen him in a wood fight over 100 suffering comes an old in the evening news and dance. I can read his righteous sentence by the demon. His days maring on is maring on. last pass in the beauty of the liies. Christ was born across the sea with a glory in his bosom. A glory that transfigures you and me as he died to make men holy. Let us die to make men free. While Lord is maring home. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah is true. One more time. Oh, give him glory. Glory, glory, glory, glory. I want to see those hands. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. His truth is mar. Come on, we give him a hand of praise this [Music] afternoon. His truth is marching on. Amen. You feel good this afternoon? Amen. Amen. [Music] Yes. Su [Music] [Music] Oh, I come my way. [Music] [Music] What [Music] you might [Music] go on in the [Music] Yes, su. [Applause] [Music] Then sings my soul, my savior called to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Oh, how great thou art and sings my soul. And sings my song. My Savior God to thee. How great thou art, Lord. How great thou art. How great thou are. are made. Sing grace, how sweet that [Music] sound is like me. I once was loose, but now I'm found. I [Music] once was yours. I found was blind, but now I see. It was grace. It was grace that my heart to feel and grace my fears. praying. [Music] All pray shall see that I am [Music] unfort [Music] Now many [Music] need to [Music] I have [Music] wor this grace has brought me Thought and this grace will lead me home. Let us sing. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. As we wave our hands, all praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Praise God. God. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Now, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah [Music] lmen. Amen. Thank you Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we once again thank you this afternoon that Lord, you've brought us back into your presence. And Lord, even as you promise, they shall be taught of the Lord. Bread shall be their peace. We pray that Father, you may anoint the vessel you've chosen now that you may teach us through your word. That we may get that peace that surpasses all understanding. And even as we've been taught in the morning, that we may be rooted and grounded in your love. We pray may take us a higher set this afternoon. Anoint our brothers in labors. Father all of us as we partake of your word may bring the transformation in our lives and bless us all together. In the name of the Lord Jesus grant us peace. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. So you are all welcome. from our visitors who have come here to be at with us today. We have a number of pastors from different places. We would always make you come forward here, but we're not going to do that today. Because of time, praise the name of our Lord. Maybe I'm going to do it like this. Those who came from, if you can stand up, pastors and your flocks. Please stand up for Thank you so much for coming. We appreciate you. You may sit down. And then those who came from we appreciate you. Thank you so much. Then there are those who came from district that side of everywhere. We appreciate your coming. Those who came from district all we appreciate your coming. You may sit down. Those who came from you may stand up. We appreciate your coming. Thank you so much. Then those who came from you can stand up. We appreciate your coming. Thank you so much for coming. And then there are those who came from our neighboring pastor Kadala you can stand up. You're welcome. Thank you so much for coming. Praise the name of our Lord. I believe there are those who have who came from I think the came from and because they had Yes. Thank you for coming, brother. You know, brother Steven was in on Sunday and many of those teams were actually in those meetings so we couldn't bring them here. Then on Tuesday, brother Steven is going to preach in Nakalama. Brother, the pastor of Nakam may stand up. So we are going to be at his church on Tuesday. And so those who live around and those neighboring place, you're all welcome for that. Praise the name of our Lord. We appreciate brother Son being with [Music] us. Amen. Amen. So we are going to sing a song as we invite our brother Steven. Praise the name of our Let us sing that song. Give me all. Give me all. Praise the name of our Lord. And as the word of God is ministered we are receiving that oil. You know the Bible says go to them that sell the oil. You have now come into the shop where the oil is. You just keep on receiving that and then you keep on burning. Give me all in my lap. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Give me all in my lamb. I pray. Hallelujah. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning to the break of the dead. Hallelujah. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Let us wave our hands with hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana sing. Hosana sing. Hosana to the king of king. Sing hosana. [Music] Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. [Music] Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? You know, I remember when I was a young boy, sitting and listening to the testimonies of Brother Harold Hildebrandt and seeing what God was doing over in Africa. I never imagined that I would one day come and and share in that work of the Lord. But it is a real honor to serve with you brothers in what the Lord is doing over here. So, thank you for inviting me. And we want to just we want to take our Bibles and go back to second Peter once again and continue on where we left off. Just before we read, why don't we just bow our heads in a word of prayer? Precious heavenly father, Lord, we have come once again into the house of the Lord. Father, gathering with our brothers and sisters in Christ, desiring to once again look into the depths of your word. Lord, you said, "I thank thee, Father, that you have hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed them to babes such as we'll learn. Father, we have come to you believing and you have given us of your Holy Spirit, sparking new life within us. And Lord, we just desire that you would feed our hungry souls as babes that are desiring to learn. Father, take the word of God tonight. Bless the reading of it. Bless the hearing of it. Give us the uncction of the Holy Spirit. We ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's read from We want to read from from verse seven. Uh let's start at verse six. To knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness. into godliness brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. May God add his blessing to the word. You could have receipts. So the Bible says, "Add to patience godliness." As Peter is admonishing us to give diligence and he says add to your faith virtue to virtue knowledge to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience. And now he says add to patience godliness. So we find as we are walking with the Lord that he brings us higher and higher in Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham says in it is the rising of the sun. Says notice now if that spirit that raised up Jesus from the grave dwells in you, you potentially have life led by the spirit to quicken the word to you. to believe it. The little thing keeps pushing up as it grows. Remember, as we read this morning, he says that's the person that new life starts from, from this new birth. It builds another person in this im in the image of this person you are. around that life. So potentially it's here. So So he says potentially you have life. Led by the spirit. Those who are led by the spirit of God, they're the sons of God. So his spirit is leading us quickening the word. Faith is coming by hearing the word hear of God and that word now the spirit is taking that word and quickening that life within us. So everything that you need is already inside of you. But it takes the word of God anointed by the spirit to bring it to life to bring it into its potential. When we plant the seed of a tree and we water that seed, one plants and another waters, God gives the increase. It's his spirit that brings life. Potentially, all of the life is in there. In that one seed that we planted is all the potentials of the fruit the tree will bear. But it must keep feeding, feeding upon the sunlight, drinking in the water, spreading its roots in the good soil. And as it feeds on those things, it begins to grow and produce the potentials. But if we planted that seed, we're not happy with just a little green chute. We're not happy with a couple branches. If we planted the mango seed, We're not happy until we receive mangoes back. So, it's our desire that it would grow into a great [Music] tree and produce much fruit. And it's God's desire that we would produce much fruit. He's not happy with just a little bit of life in our hearts. He's not happy with just the quickening of his spirit. But he wants to keep quickening you word after word, line after line, that you would not be barren, that you would not be [Music] unfruitful, because he saw an image of you before the world began, of a fruitful tree, a tree with much leaves. to give shade to those around it. A tree with much fruit to give life to those around it. Jesus said, "I'm the vine, but you are the branches. And except the branch abides in the vine, it cannot bear fruit. He said, "Except you abide in me and my words abide in you, you cannot bear fruit." So we we have come into Jesus Christ and now we are growing into a fruitful tree. We can read about that tree in Psalms chapter one. I'm sure you all know the scripture. Psalms 1 and verse one says, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful. That's the believer. Come again. That's the believer. He's come out of the way of sinners and he's been birthed into a new and a living way. But his delight is in the law of the Lord. When you are born again by the spirit of God, Christian life is not a hardship. It's hard. It's difficult. There's much suffering, but but it's it's not a hardship. it. It's something that you delight to do. Our delight is in the law of the Lord. We delight in the chastening of the Lord because we know that when we are chasened, brought back in line with the word, that means that we are sons. And if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. So our delight now by the new birth is in his law. Let me just turn to Romans chapter 12 for a moment. He says,"I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. So before we entered into God through the blood of Jesus Christ, Christian life was a hardship. It was a life of dos and don'ts. You do this, you do this, you do this. You don't do this. You don't do this. You don't. It was a life of pointing fingers at one another. You're doing this wrong. You're doing that wrong. You're doing this wrong. You're doing that wrong. But so, so there there was much strife. But now you have come into Christ. and and now we present our bodies as a living sacrifice to God. Paul said, "I am crucified with Christ." Nevertheless, I live yet not I, it's Christ that lives in me. And the life that I now live, I live through faith in the Lord Jesus. So something has changed. There's a a new nature. And now we willingly offer ourselves to God. We're not offering our mighty works. We're not offering our good deeds. We have offered our life unto him. All that we have, all of our ambitions, all of our hopes, all of our dreams, we lay them at his feet. Say, Lord, my life now belongs to you. and and this sacrifice now through Christ is acceptable unto God. There there was many sacrifices that the Pharisees made. Many many sacrifices the priests made. They made so many rules. Oh, you have to wash your pots. Make sure you wash your hands before you eat. And they they saw the disciples of the Lord and they were eating with unwashed hands. Said, "Oh, your disciples eat without washing." They're going against the traditions of the elders. But Jesus said, "By their traditions, They made the word of God of no effect. When when when when you live a life of dos and don'ts, the word of God has no effect. When you try to live by a set of rules, The word of God has no effect. Because the word did not come to bring a set of rules. The word of God came to bring us into Jesus Christ. And now in Jesus Christ, now we've become a love slave to him. Now the things we do, we do them because we love God, because we want to do them. Because we want to be pleasing to him. So he says in Christ, this is an acceptable sacrifice to God. which is your reasonable service. Before you came to Christ, it was unreasonable. You could never be good enough. When you thought you were doing so good, somebody would find something that you weren't doing right and say, "Oh, I've tried so hard." And now I have to also do this. It's not good enough that I come to church on Sunday. Now I have to pay my tithes. It's not good enough that I pay my tithes. Now you want me to come to church two times. Now you want me to live a clean life at home. Now you're saying you want my wife to dress properly. Now you're saying I can't go to the bar. You're saying I can't have a drink with my friends. Oh, this is too difficult. This is unreasonable. But when you come to Christ and you lay your life at his feet and he fills you with his Holy Spirit, now what once seemed unreasonable now becomes a reasonable soul. [Applause] Now it becomes something that is natural to you. Now you're wondering when the church doors open because you want to be there. Now you're wondering about every place that you go into. Lord, is this pleasing to you? this is grievious to your spirit then Lord I don't want to go here the the life that we live is now totally different we think that reasoning is a bad thing it was reasoning that caused the fall in the garden of Eden but there is a right kind of reasoning. The Bible says, "Come and let us reason together sayeth the Lord." Now, when you are walking with the Lord, you are reasoning with the Lord. Lord, what is pleasing to you? What What about this over here? and and and we might feel condemned about something that we're doing. We say, "Lord, I feel condemned about this. Is this thing not pleasing to you? Show me in thy word. Open my eyes. Then I might see why this is convicting me. You're reasoning with the Lord and his spirit is bringing you back in line with the will of God. What was once unreasonable now becomes reasonable and be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. So by coming to the word and by letting the word of God mold you and transform your mind, transform you by the renewing of your mind. Changing your character from the ways of the world to the ways of his word. God is going to prove through your life what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. He's taking you. You are his proof. The de the devil comes before God and and God says, "Have you considered my servant Job?" And and God proved his word through Job. And the devil is the accuser of the brethren. He comes before God and and accuses us of things that we've done. Lord, look at what they did here. Look at what they did over there. Look at all their mistakes. Oh, God says he's a perfect man. He is evil because God is not looking at your flesh. When God looks down at you, he's looking through the blood of Jesus Christ. And he doesn't see your mistakes. He doesn't see your failures because you put them under the blood of Jesus. And he says, "That is my virtuous heart. That's my spotless people." The devil says, "God, how can you not see these things?" God says, "I don't know what you're talking about. All I see is the perfection that I saw in my mind before the through the blood of Jesus Christ." Amen. His delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law do he meditate day and night. So what kind of a people are we? We're not meditating on our favorite sports team. We're not meditating on our favorite movies. We're not meditating on the music of this world in all of its ungodly forms. But we are meditating upon the law of God. We are meditating upon his word. It's written upon our hearts, the tables of our hearts. It's all we want to think about. Oh, this flesh wants to do other things. This flesh wants to get caught up in sports. This flesh wants to get caught up in entertainment. But when we get caught up in those things, something inside of us begins to well up. Somehow the things that we once enjoyed, we don't enjoy them anymore. And before long, we think, "What am I doing here? I want to be at church or I want to be in prayer or I want to be feeding on the word. Something within us has changed and we want to meditate upon his word day and night. And anything that hinders us from meditating with the Lord begins to be something that we no longer are interested in doing because it keeps us from that which we really enjoy. The Bible says he shall be like a tree. planted by rivers of water and bringeth bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also will not wither. And whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. We've entered into the Lord and we've given diligence to the things of God. That's where our stability comes from. That's where our strength comes from. Not because we come from a good family, not because we go to church on Sunday, but because we are meditating upon the word of God. We are walking with the Lord day and night. And that has strengthened us, that has stabilized us, that has rooted and grounded us. God will test you to prove what you're standing on. We all have to come to a place in our lives where we recognize that Christ is the most important one in our life. Not not that He wants to be the most important thing, but because of the new birth, he is the most important thing. So, he will pull everything else away from our lives until it's just us and God alone. Just like he did with Job. He might not take away your family. He might not take away your wealth. But if we allow something to raise up in our life that we that begins to come between us and God and we begin to say, "Ah, this has given me success. This has given me strength. Oh, I'm a believer because my family was a believer. I'm a believer because my dad was a believer, because my grandpa's a believer. But it but when if we begin to develop that kind of an attitude, God will pull those things out of our life. He had to take my own mother out of my life. He had to send my father to a city that was far away. All my brothers and sisters left the town that I lived in until it was just me standing alone. God had a purpose for those things in in all of their lives also. But for me, God had to separate me away to show me that my walk was not based on my father. My walk was not based on my mother. It was not based upon having family around. But he wanted a personal relationship with me. He wanted He wanted to show me that he was my strength. He wanted to show me that he was my comfort. He wanted to show me that he was my refuge. that though all else should leave yet he would never leave me nor forsake me. So God will take you to that place in your life. Whatever it takes because you are a son or daughter of God, he will take you to that place so that you can recognize that he is everything to you. That when you have him, you have everything and he will prove to the devil that you are his child. No matter what hardship comes your way, you will not turn away from the word of God. Not because you're so strong, not because you're able, but because his spirit dwells in you. Amen. Godliness means to be like God. Many think to be like God is is uh to have authority over everybody. But the pope was not the image of God. is the image of the invisible God. So if we want to know what it means to be like God, we don't look for the holiest bishop in the area, who is the most powerful, who has the most churches. But we must look to Christ. Then we can know what it means to be like God. In Revelations chapter 3, Bible says, "I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich." In the Leodysian church age, brother Brennham says, "You better come before it's too late, sayaeth the Lord and buy of me gold tried in the fire, and then you will be truly rich." He says, "Are we getting it?" Listen to me. Naked physically, we came into the world. But naked spiritually we will not leave it. Oh no, we're going to take something with us. What that something is all that we can take with us. Nothing less and nothing more. So we had better be real careful now to see that we take something that will make us right before God. So then what will we take with us? We will take our character brother. That is what we will take with us. Now what kind of a character will you take with you? Will it be like his character was molded by suffering in the fiery furnace of affliction? Or will it be the softness of this of this characterless Leodysian people? It is up to each one of us. Each one of us from the young people to the old people. For in that day every man will bear his own. So what kind of a character did Christ have in in Philippians chapter 2? The Bible says let this mind be in you which was also in Christ who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Philippians 2 and verse 7, but made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of man. We want to have godliness. We want to be like God. Are we willing to take upon us the form of a servant? Are we willing to serve? Are we willing to give or do we just want to take? To be like God, we need to be willing to serve. And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. So he knew who he was. He knew that the fullness of the God had b dwelt bodily in him. But that didn't make him proud. when when he found himself in in fashion as a man, he looked into the word of God and he found who he was and he humbled himself to be the word that he was called to be. [Music] And when we find out that it's God that dwells in us, Now we have a piece of God in us. In Christ the mystery of God revealed. Brother Brandham says the whole thing is God and man one. So when we find out that God has been united with us by the new birth, the work of the Holy Spirit, the question is, are we willing to humble ourselves and become obedient to the word of God? Not the word for another day. But the word for today because it's the word for today that tells you who you are. The word for Luther's day told them who they were. That the just shall live by faith. The word for Wesley's day told them who they were. that they ought to live a sanctified life. But the word for your day is more. It takes you beyond justification, beyond living a sanctified life into the fullness of the revelation of God that you are the bride of Jesus Christ. And it's your purpose to be the word of God in your day, to be the expression of Christ. And are you willing to humble yourself and no longer become an expression of your own self, but become an expression of the word of God. Peter said we need to give all diligence and if we would add these things that we would desire to do the will of God instead of our own will then we shall be neither barren nor unfruitful. So he says he became obedient unto death even the death of the cross. Then in verse 12 he says wherefore my beloved as ye have always obeyed not in my presence only but now much more in my absence. Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. Paul was not worried whether or not they obeyed him. But he was talking about being obedient to the word. He says, "You've been obedient when I was there, and you've been obedient to the word when I'm gone. And it's important that you are obedient to the word because as we yield ourselves to the word to what God has for us [Music] today, we will work out our own salvation with fear and tremble. For it is God that workketh in you. You can't do it on your own, but it's God that works in you to will and to do his good pleasure. He will bring you right into the will of God. Jesus said it's it's not whoever saith Lord Lord that will enter into the kingdom of heaven but it's whosoever doeth the will of my father. He said, "Many will come to me in that day, say, have not we done many mighty works, and we've cast out devils, done all these great things?" And he will say unto them, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity, for I never knew you." So the will of God is not great mighty works. The will of God is that you would know him. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. So God always had something for you to do. Not your own works, but his works. And so he has brought you into Christ that you might do the works that he's always ordained for you to do that you might be the reflection of him that you are called to be. Amen. Brother Brandham says in the Pergamian church age, he says, "Notice the harmony of the son of the father and the son." Jesus never did anything until it was first showed him by the father. That's John 5:19. This harmony is now to exist between the groom and his bride. He shows her his word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her. Not even death. That's you. He's speaking about the bride of Jesus Christ. The word and the bride become one perfectly in harmony. Says nothing can harm her. Nothing can harm you, not even death. For if the seed be planted, the water will raise it up again. Here is the secret of this. The word is in the bride as it was in Mary. The bride has the mind of Christ. For she knows what he wants done with the word. she performs the command of the word in his name for she has thus sayeth the Lord. Oh, she knows what he wants done with the word. She is great. She's recognized the will of God. She's not taking the word and trying to produce many signs and wonders and miracles. But she is taking the word and she is being clothed in the word. She's walking in oneness with the word. She she is in fellowship with the person of the word. The marriage supper of the lamb is come and his wife has made herself ready. She didn't have to raise herself up to a certain level of greatness. No, she had to be clothed. to her was granted that she might be arrayed in white linen, which is the righteousness of the saints. The righteousness of the saints is not our righteousness, but he became sin for us so that we might become the righteousness of God. So we have taken his word and been clothed in it. Not put it on a shelf somewhere. Not put a big list of quotes somewhere. Not a stack of dusty Bibles. She has become the word. She and the word are one. She is clothed in this word, ready for the mar's supper of the lamb. Says, she performs the command of the word in his name, for she has thus sayeth the Lord. Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass. Heavens and earth will pass away. But Jesus said, "My word shall not fail. Our word will fail." Amen. We're not here to feed on the word of a man dream, but we're feeding upon the unfailing body word of the son of God. His word will not fail. There will be a bride that is clothed in his word prepared for a rapture. Prepared for a wedding supper. What prepares a bride for the wedding supper? Not that the not that she showed up on that day, but what prepares her for the wedding supper. is that she was part of the wedding ceremony. And when she is united with her groom, now she is ready for the wedding supper. Okay, let me just explain that. [Music] You can continue. Amen. It says, "Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass. like a seed that is planted and watered. It comes to full harvest, serving its purpose. Those in the bride do only his will. No one can make them do otherwise. She's become a mature woman. She's not a child anymore tossed to and fro by winds of doctrine. She's a mature woman and she accepts his word. She doesn't want any other man's word. She doesn't want any other husband. As Paul said, I have espoused you to Christ. She's not interested in a man's word. She's not interested in organizing. She's not interested in building a headquarters. She is interested in her husband, in her bridegroom, which is the word of God. She wants the word of God alone, and that's all she wants. They have thus sayaeth the Lord, or they keep still. They know that it has to be God. God in them doing the works, fulfilling his own word. It's not her word. The word is the seed. The woman doesn't have her own seed. It's the seed of a man. The bride doesn't have her own word. But it's the word of Christ. She knows it has to be God in them doing the works, fulfilling his own word. She's not chasing after mighty works. The Bible says, "These signs shall follow them that believe. The Bible or the bride is not chasing after works, but these signs are following the bride. They're following her because she has the word. And God always vindicates his word with signs and wonders. Signs naturally follow the believer. But because she and the word are one and God always vindicates that he is with you. Not just sometimes but all the time. He said, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you." And she knows that his will is to be conformed to his image. godliness. She's putting on godliness. Sons and daughters of God putting on godliness. What makes them godly? Not this outside man. but because she's doing the will of God because she does nothing but what the word shows her first. Add to brotherly kind Add to godliness brotherly kindness. the inner man that God is molding bringing you into perfect harmony with him in the message the Messiah Brandham says now when a man is converted just like that little white button starts in his heart says now that part is God when he's born again with the spirit of God. God's spirit dwells in him. Now he can let that spirit grow and take out all the roots of bitterness. and press God's way through him [Music] again, he can become back in the same condition that he was when he was in the Garden of Eden. So this this work that God is doing in your life will push out all of the bitterness will push God's way completely through you. Brother Brandham says God wants to fill every fiber of your being. He doesn't want to fill you just a little bit, but he wants to fill every fiber of your being. He wants to fill all of your thoughts. He wants to fill your every action [Music] until you're completely God and man united together in perfect harmony back in the condition that we were in Eden. perfect harmony with God. So God will push out all the bitterness out of your life. So as God is building you up into the perfection of his character, when we come close to God, we don't become bitter. It doesn't make us proud. It doesn't make us think we're better than everybody else. If we begin to think that we are better than everybody else, then we have gotten off of the trail somewhere. We have left the truth of God's word behind and we need to come back to Christ because it doesn't say add to godliness pride. It doesn't say add to to godliness uh important looking clothes. It doesn't say with godliness you have the ability to lift yourself up, but add to godliness brotherly kindness. So the closer you get to God, the more that God is able to use you, the more you will love one another, the more you will love your brothers and sisters. The more you will want to help them, the more you will want to lift them up. The more you will care for the sinner, the more you will want to bring them to Christ. When you get close to God, it doesn't make you want to push everybody else away so that you can stand alone. So everybody can see you. But it makes you want to gather everybody to see what you have seen. Now you're becoming like a tree. Your branches are spreading out wide. And under those branches comes fellowship. Under those branches comes peace. Under those branches comes happiness. Comes refuge. because you've come close to God and now his spirit is working through you. The life of Christ is on display. Jesus said, "By this shall all men know that you're my disciples, that you have love one for another. Not because there's more miracles, not because there's more more riches, not because the churches are nicer, not because the people are better. This shall all men know you are his disciples because you love one another. Because when a brother falls, you don't want to push him away. You want to bring him back to Christ. There's a love one for another. When brother Brandham was on the earth and they tried to draw him out of their circle, say you don't believe it the way I believe it. Therefore, I'm drawing you out of my circle. Brother Brandham said, "I'm going to just draw a bigger circle and I'm going to draw you right back into my circle." That's brotherly kindness. a loved one for another. They might be wrong. They might be off the word, but your heart hungers. But they would come back to the fold. Don't stay away, brother. Just come back into Christ. Amen. and to brotherly kindness, charity. The stature of a perfect man is capped off in charity. Love, love and action, God's love, the power of God working freely through you to perform his word. Not our will but his word. All of us is died out and now is Christ living through us. As we quoted earlier, Paul said, "I'm crucified with Christ. I've died to myself. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live is in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Oh, it's not a sacrifice to a church, but you recognize the love of God for you in personal fellowship with God in the Leodysian church age. Christ is standing on the outside knocking on the door. Said, "Whosoever will open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him, a personal relationship." Amen. If these things be in you and They make you that you shall be neither barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. What kind of fruit are we called to bear? Say, "Oh, here's where the mighty works come in. where we're just going to be able to speak and it's going to happen as much as God allows if that's his word because we're doing the will of the father. Jesus one time stood on the bow of the ship and said, "Peace be still." And the winds and the waves had to obey him. All things have to come under subjection to the word of God. And in the line of duty, God, there will be some things happen. There will be incredible things happen. There's incredible things that happen in all of our lives. Miracles, incredible things. because those things are following the believer because you are doing the will of the father. But this fruit that you bear, the fruit of the spirit is love and joy and peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. So this is this is the fruit that we are called to bear in him in this age in the last days. Perilous time shall come. Men shall be lovers of their own selves, truce breakers, false accusers, despisers of those that are good, having a form of godliness and denying the power thereof. But in the midst of such a wicked age, in the midst of such a godless age, in the midst of such a selfish age, you are bearing the fruit of love. You're bearing the fruit of joy where there is no joy. You're bearing the fruit of peace in a time when there is no peace. You're bearing the fruit of longsuffering when everybody is impatient. You're bearing the fruit of gentleness when everyone else is hardened. You're bearing the the the fruit of goodness when everybody else is looking after themselves. You're bearing the fruit of faith when all men are turning away from the word of God. You're bearing the fruit of meekness when men are lifted up in pride. Bearing the fruit of temperance when all men want to just do whatever their flesh leads them. That's the fruit of the spirit to be able to live that kind of a life when it looks impossible when nobody else is doing it. And God looks down says, "Have you considered my servant?" He's perfect in all his ways. a shoe in evil. Oh, the devil says, "It's because you put a hedge around him. Oh, let me give him a trial and he'll curse you to your face. Let me bring sickness. He'll curse you to his face. Let me take all their possessions. He'll curse you to your face." God says, "Go ahead and try it. put them through some suffering because it's only going to perform my will in their lives. It's just going to perfect a Christlike character with me. And once that that character is perfected through suffering, then they are fit to rule. Then the marriage supper of the lamb will come. Then judgments can come upon the earth. Then the righteous can walk on the ashes of the w. Then my sons and daughters can rule and reign with me for thy. Amen. Wherefore the brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. Praise the Lord. That's the word of God. He will bring us to a place where we will not be deceived. Eve was deceived. But God will bring his bride to a place where she cannot be deceived by the molding of his holy spirit. That's his will that you would come to a place of maturity where you will not be deceived. For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly. Uganda. Verse uh verse verse 11. Verse 11. Readers. Oh yeah. Yeah. I've read verse 10. Okay. I'll read verse 11. For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. All of these things that God is doing, building your character to be like pure gold, partakers of his divine nature, molding you into the perfection of Christ that we would only do the will of God. It will it will minister an entrance into his kingdom. Jesus said the kingdom of heaven's within you. The kingdom of heaven doesn't come with observation, but it comes from the inside out. God working from the inside. building his kingdom. His kingdom is his people, his sons and daughters. His kingdom is perfect harmony. God man one that we might once again walk in the cool of the evening in the Garden of Eden. So he he's he's bringing this molding in our lives so that we can enter into the fullness of this kingdom in in our hearts is the Holy Spirit which is the earnest of our inheritance. It's the down payment for our inheritance. The down payment for all that belongs to us. But God doesn't want to just give you the down payment. God wants to give you everything. So he is preparing you so that you can receive everything because it's your inheritance. It belongs to you. So as we quoted earlier, he says it's it's not this outside see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. He says that's subject to death and it will die. But the inside part of you, that person cannot die. And that's the person the new life starts from from this new birth. Builds another person in the image of this person you are around that life. So potentially it's in here. And what is it? The word promised before the foundation of the world and around there this only reflects the negative but that will reflect the positive the word. Then he says the translation of the bride will be the same thing. He says the word that's in you will material the the body will materialize around that word. So God wants you to receive the fullness of who you are. He's molding you. He's preparing you for that day. The fullness of adoption. You've not received the spirit of a bondage of bondage again to fear but you've received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. So we are looking for the fullness of the do of adoption the completing of God's plan. Paul says in Romans 8, which is the redemption of our mortal bodies, so when God has completed the work on the inside, that same word that transformed the inside man will also transform the outside man. the word that's in you. We're not waiting for another message. We're not waiting for another messenger. We're not waiting for more mysteries. But the word is in you. The word is in the bride. And she's patiently waiting because it's not her word. It's not her finishing the work. He's the one that started the work and he will finish the work and and when he's done working on the inside, then he's ready to finish the work. Then these bodies will be changed. We worry so much about this body. That's all man wants to worry about this in these days. They say in America they say if you want to get rich then write a book, write a diet book, write an exercise book. exercise. Why? Because everybody wants to look after this body. Everybody wants to make a perfect flesh. So, everybody's looking for that way and they're searching through all these different ways. And one says, "You you need to only eat meat. Oh, okay. I'll only eat meat. But then another one comes along and says, "You you need to only eat vegetables." Oh, okay. I'll only eat, but that doesn't work. Oh, well, another one says, "You need to eat those vegetables cooked." Oh, that's the problem. Another one says, "No, you need to eat the vegetables raw. And another one says, "No, you need to take vitamins." And another one says, "No, no, no. You need to take minerals." Another one says, "No, no, no. We have modern science today. You need to take these pills that will make for you." And another one says, "No, no, those pills are no good for you. You need to take only natural things." Oh, and we struggle so hard to figure it out. Another one says, "Oh, you're just not exercising enough." You need to go to the gym and lift. Oh, no. Another one says, "You just need to do yoga. Oh, no. Another one says you need to ride your bicycle. That'll give you a perfect body. Another one says, "No, no, you need to play sports. You need to swim in the swimming pool." All of these different ideas on how to perfect this body. But God doesn't have an exercise program for this natural body. He doesn't have a diet program for this natural body. But God spends all his time on the inside man to make you just like Christ. And when that day comes, then God pulls out his exercise program. He says, "Now you're ready for a perfect body." And how how long does that exercise program take? The Bible says in a moment in the twinkling of an eye we shall all be changed. Amen. And what what's the purpose that we receive this change of our bodies? Because corruption cannot inherit incorruption because God wants to give you everything. So when you are ready to receive everything, when you're ready to receive that which is incorruptible, this flesh body is no longer good enough. This mortal body is just a tool. God has been using it to mold us, using it to bring the inner man in line with the word. Now God is done using the tool and he lays it back in the tool box. and gives you a new body in the moment, in a twinkling of an eye. The Bible says, "If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have another one waiting for us." Jesus said, "I'm going to prepare a place for you. Oh, let me just read that as we're closing John 14. In my father's house are all let's start at verse one. Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. Oh, have you believed in him? In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. The word of God is always true. He doesn't tell us stories to try to make us happy. But he always tells us the truth. He says, "If there wasn't many mansions, I would have told you. But in my father's house are many mansions. And I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you to myself. That where I am, there you may be. Whether I go, you know, and the way you know. Oh, praise the Lord. He said, "At that day, in that day you shall know that I am in the father and that you are in me and I am in you." Praise the Lord. He He has gone to prepare a place for us. It doesn't do any good to build somebody a home. if they're never going to live in it. But he went to prepare place for us, a home for us because he always intended to come back and receive us. We have a home. We have a place that we can call home. A place where we can rest. A seat at the table at the marriage supper of the lamb. And it doesn't have anybody else's name on it. It's not a house that was built for somebody else and then they never showed up. So God's going to give it to you. You're not going to wake up in a new body and look down at yourself and say, "Who is this? I don't recognize this body. I don't feel comfortable in this body. I wonder who this was made for." But no, he went to prepare a place especially for you. It's got your name on it. And it's reserved in heaven for you. It has a reserve sign sitting on it. A reserved sign say like in front of your banks says this this parking is only for the bank of Bara chair in heaven with with a sign on it says says Steven Abali or whatever your name might be. sitting on there. Somebody else comes to try to sit in that chair. You can't sit there. That's your name. We're waiting for brother Stevenali to come fill this chair. That's his chair. We're waiting for brother Wilson Sea to come fill it. This one's got his name on it. Nobody else can take your place. You spell your name on it. The word that's in you, the body will materialize around that word. Give diligence to make your calling an election. For so an entrance shall be ministered unto the kingdom of God. God bless his saints. Hallelujah. Gazena, we thank you so much, brother Steven. God bless you. Let us clap for him. We want to appreciate you for laboring. The word has been rich. Praise the Lord. I don't know whether you saw that your seat is there in heaven. So it doesn't matter whatever the devil tells you that you're of this earth. Jesus was telling them you are from beneath me. I'm from above. So we should have the same testimony with Jesus that we are also from above. We are pilgrims and strangers. We are just passing through this land. We are going to home yonder. We are pilgrims and strangers wandering through this world. Amen. Brother Joshua should come and lead us in worship. Amen. So send our greetings the brethren in Canada. All the pastors here, God bless you. Amen. God bless you so much. I'm a pilgrim and a strange wondering through this wild sea. On my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, to be in that number. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints, oh, maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring, I want to be that number, Lord. I want to be that number. When the saints go magic, I know I'll see my savior. Oh, I know. I'll see my If my life is free from sin, if my life is free from sin, heaven's doors will open for me. heaven's doors. He will open for me. Oh yes. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints When the saints When the saints go maring in, go maring in. When the saints go, I want to be in that number. Oh Lord, Lord, I want to be in the number when the saints go much. And when we gather around the throne, when we Oh, around the marriage supper of the lamb. Oh, and against our glory. I'll be shouting glory, glory. I'll be shouting. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring. [Music] Oh, when the bride Oh, when the bride goes maring in. Goes maring in. Oh, when the bride when the bride goes maring. Lord, I want to be that number. Oh, Lord, I want Oh, to be that number when the bride maring. I am waiting for the chariot. I am waiting, waiting to swing low and take me home. Oh, to swing low and I'll set and on the clouds I rise to heaven. On the clouds, I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints When the saints When the saints go marching in, maring in. Go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saint Thanks so much. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, you get it. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, glad morning. When this life is I will fly away. I will fly away to our home on God's celestial show. To our home on God show [Music] [Applause] in the morning. I will fly away. Oh, I will fly away. Oh, glory when I die. Hallelujah. By and by when I die. Hallelujah. By and by. I will fly away. Oh, in the morning I will fly away. Oh, [Music] glory to when I die. Hallelujah. By and by when I die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh fly away. This old world can never hold me. This old world can never hold me. Any moment, any moment, I'll be gone. I've made my consecration. Oh, I've made my consecration and I have my wedding garment on this old world. Oh, this old world can never hold me. Any moment I will be gone. I'll be gone. I've made my consecration. I've made my conse. I have my wedding garment on. I've been dressed by the word. Oh, this old world, this old world can never hold me. Oh, any moment. Any moment I will be gone. I'll be gone. I'll be ruptured out of here. Oh, for my consecration. [Music] Oh, and I have my wedding garments. Oh, [Music] fin. [Music] Oh, sing it. [Music] Oh, [Music] who get angel get I am finally angry. [Music] [Music] Just speak to the master. Speak to him this evening. Oh father, how we love you, Lord. How we appreciate you, King of glory. How we worship you, oh king of glory. You are worthy, heavenly father, to be praised and adored, Lord. Father, how we desire, oh king of glory, Lord God, that this tabernacle, oh king of glory, Lord God, can be fashioned, oh heavenly father, Lord God, like unto thee, oh heavenly father, we desire deep down in us, oh king of glory, Lord God, that we can grow, heavenly father, from being babies, oh king of glory, that we can grow, heavenly father, in sincerity, oh king of glory, that we can grow, heaven Heavenly Father, King of glory, being diligent, oh heavenly father, in the word. Oh king of glory, being diligent, oh heavenly father, king of glory, in your statutes, oh heavenly father, being diligent, oh king of glory, Lord God, in the way, heavenly father, Lord God, that you instruct us to walk in. Oh king of glory, Lord God, as you say in your word, oh heavenly father, that men shall know that you are my disciples if ye love one another. Oh king of glory, Lord God, and you expound, oh heavenly father, that love, oh king of glory, that such love is patient, such love is kind, such love, oh heavenly father, is full of brotherly kindness. That love, oh king of glory, Lord, that only the Lord God himself gives, oh Lord. And that love, oh king of glory, is you yourself, oh king of glory, Christ in us, oh father, the hope of glory, Christ in us, oh king of glory, instructing us, Christ in us every day. Oh king of glory, leading our path, Christ in us, oh king of glory, Lord God, shining out every darkness out of our lives, oh Lord. Father, we desire, oh king of glory, Lord God, the sincere milk of the word, oh king of glory, we desire, oh heavenly father, Lord God, that as we feed on your word, oh king of glory, we can grow, oh heavenly father, king of glory, into the stature of a perfect man, oh king of glory, that we can come to our full adoption, oh God, we can be trusted, oh heavenly father, Lord God, like you said, oh Lord, that yes, have you concealed that my servant Job who excuse evil. Father, we want to come to such a state, oh king of glory, Lord, where you have confidence, oh Lord, in us, oh Lord, that we have come to our adoption, Lord, that we have eaten the book and we have come to a state, oh Lord, that we are able to prophesy, oh king of glory, we have come to a state, oh heavenly father, that we can speak your mind, oh king of glory, that we can come to a state, oh heavenly father, Lord God, like we can speak like the father speaks, oh Lord, We can think like the heavenly father thinks father we desire oh king of glory that we may grow king of glory lord god into that image oh heavenly father lord and you are giving us the assurance this afternoon oh lord that at the end of it all oh king of glory lord when father we have finished our race here on earth oh lord you will dissolve this body oh god and you're going to give us a new body heavenly father you're going to Give us oh Lord a body oh father that is immortal king of glory you are going to dress us oh so heavenly father king of glory lord back into that image we started in in Eden oh king of glory lord god thinking and speaking like you oh king of glory where heavenly father we can dwell oh king of glory forever and ever oh heavenly father in your presence oh king of glory where we can live oh heavenly father in sweet fellowship oh king King of glory, praising you, Lord, having communion with you, Lord, for over a thousand years. Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord, for your word, oh king of glory, Lord God, that you have spoken unto us this day, oh Lord. We want to thank you oh king of glory for your servant heavenly father I pray king of glory lord that you bless him oh father may you restore strength unto his body oh lord and father even for the ministry oh king of glory lord that he's doing I pray oh lord may you give him the grace oh king of glory and father bless his family bless his children oh king of glory bless his wife back home oh lord and father even for your children who have gathered here lord I Pray that you bless them, oh heavenly father. That portion that they have got, oh Lord, may they continue to meditate upon it. Oh heavenly father, king of glory, we pray. Oh Lord, as we leave this sanctuary, oh father, we pray that your presence will go with us. Oh heavenly father, Lord, continue to speak to us, oh Lord, continue, heavenly father, Lord, to reveal, oh God, the mysteries, oh heavenly father, of your word. Oh Lord, continue to expound, oh king of glory, Lord, the word that has been brought forth unto us. Oh Lord, we love you, Lord. We appreciate you. We glorify your name, oh heavenly father. Blessed be your holy name. We exalt you. We praise you. You are worthy, Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Hosana. Hosana. We love you. Oh yes. [Music] No. [Music] Oh, yes. Yes. Oh no. [Music] Oh. Amen. and you appreciate the Lord. We've come to the end of the service. God bless you all as we shall be traveling back. Amen. Amen. I just want to continue with that song. Give me the second verse. Amen. as we shall be going [Music] out. The second verse [Music] NC [Music] Come my [Music] way. Yes. My wife [Music] Oh yes. [Music] Yes. [Music] for mix mix [Music] Naz [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Oh, no. [Music] I'm going to [Music] [Music] Oh yes. [Music] [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Music]
