################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Inner Veil  Pastoral  Handover Ceremony - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Inner Veil  Pastoral  Handover Ceremony
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCOdpLYvvck
========================================

Jesus. Are you happy? Glorus of happy. John all the way. whereby given unto us exceeding grace, great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine. divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience, godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. For these things be in you and abound. They make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you very much. And clap for one Sunday school student today. Let's be seated. So us as parents and teachers we are living in the most dangerous times. We are living in the most challenging times where distractions and temptations are in every corner of our young people and constantly under spiritual attack. So the Bible tells us in the 2 Timothy 3:1, "But know this that in the last days, what will there be?" In the last days, what will there be? Perilious times will come. So if you are in a day that you feel you're being squeezed with issues of life, it is thus says the Lord, that's how it's going to be. Amen. This is the reality of this generation where the enemy uses every opportunity to target the hearts and the minds of the youth. Now more than ever, they need a sanctuary. They need a safe heaven where they can find peace, grow in faith, and be nurtured in God's word. Amen. We live in a time when from the moment we step out of our door, the world destruction is all around us. on the roads in the advertisements. As we walk here, other schools, our children are having great challenges even in our offices and even in our own homes. These distractions are designed. Does God love you class? Does God love you? Amen. Did he did he create this world in the perfectness of his himself? So God is perfect. Amen. So all things were created by him. You have a situation at home is not good. All things even that one God created for a purpose. Amen. So God has made a way for that generation to have a hiding place in the rock of ages. Amen. in the message God's own provided place of worship just to introduce it paragraph 78 God's 65128M paragraph 78 it say reads this but now we hear him say there is Only one place where he will meet man to worship. Not in my church, not in your church, not in your denomination, not in your ideas, but in one place. Amen. We read it right here in text. We'll refer it back back in a few minutes. Then if there's only one place that God meets man, we had better be very careful. Now let's lay aside our traditions. Underline that traditions this morning in this Sunday school lesson and be very sure that we find that one place because God has said here he will not receive you in any other way. Can I hear an amen? Amen. He will not receive you in any other way or any other place, any other church. He won't receive you in only in whose church. So let's find out where his church is. It's the only place where he'll receive you. Amen. Okay. I want us to find out something in this Sunday school class before I play a video for ask the children. Do you want to see a video of this messenger of this day? But hold on a bit. Uh let me let us read something uh more here. Okay. Right. Let's sing this song that our Sunday school we sing. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Amen. I'm going to let it shine. Hallelujah. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. All right. Let's read the in the in the message. Goes on to provide presence. Later on, push it to paragraph 14 uh 65 1128. We read this Sunday school class is a Sunday school. It's not a preaching, but we need to write notes. Okay. Then we see a video of what we're being told about. My heart shakes every time I think of it. Brother Palmer, I just climbed the steps up a few minutes until I got the message that was going. I just to believe it. Billy called me and somebody had got a hold and they knowed we are such lovely people. You are such lovely people. Clap for yourselves. I know that he he was gone is really shaking but we all go to God regardless of what we are. We must go on by one by one. But there's only one thing. Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. Amen. Fear God. Amen. And keep his commandments. Amen. For this is the full not half full duty of man. Yes sir. They says now I haven't got too much time for this Sunday school. Which is true. I have to go. I am horse me. I am nervous. I'm sweating. Sorry. So down there paragraph 17. Vag 17, it says, "Now, how many likes Sunday school?" My hand is up. Oh my, that's right. It's a good time to send your children to No, let me correct that. Are we there? A good thing to bring your children to. That's right. Bring your children. That's right. To bring your children, you come also. There's no big amen there, but we have to have believe the whole world. All right. That's right. How many know that's how Sunday school was first originated? And this church is taking me back to our fathers. So how no how many Sunday school where sorry where was it called first ragged school that's right called rugged school as I forget the names how the first established so we have to come to Sunday school all right paragraph 8 uh paragraph 8 of the same message the the morning he was healed And then a prayer of N says greetings to all of you out across the lands. And I hear you are the one he was speaking. God was speaking to across the lands. Eh here in this wonderful place of life tabernacle. That's a good name. This is the inner veil tab here at Ginger with the whole jam crowned of Sunday school. You know, if I lived in Ginger, now saying nothing about anybody, but this will be a place I'd come to church right here at Innovail Ministries. This is not a denomination. Pastor Ibal, I know him, he's my father. This is not a [Applause] denomination tabernacle. They come out of the denomination because they accepted the prophet the message this message the prophet preaches. Amen. And we say thank you. So let us see a video of this man who is saying uh but not the man. Please don't major on the man. Major on the Christ in the man. Okay. Are we ready? All right. Let us sing one Sunday school. Now Sunday school we have to come with your sword. H I want to see the ones who have carried their sword. You cannot go to war without a sword. So you have to come to Sunday school with a sword. How many came with their swords? Uhhuh. Then we're going to do a Bible drill called the sword drill. Okay. And the code word is charge. When you hear charge, you open the scripture. Okay, now I want us to open. Hold your Bibles high. Bible charge. You want to try Bible charge? The secret is don't open your Bible. Don't. And if you have a phone, doesn't work. It has to be the It has to be this word. It has to be this word. This is the only sword which works. This the digital one for now. For Sunday school, I pray let us. And if your your your father and mom didn't give you the Bible, go take his. Then he'll buy another one. Yeah. because you have to come to Sunday school the Bible so that you can train you to know where the old testament is or the new testament. Okay, it is important for for us the Sunday school we come with our swords. Okay, now we put our swords up and we say we'll use a the drill Bible charge but until you hear the word called charge. All right, we're going to open the book of Malachi. No, don't touch the Bible. Bible up up. Malachi 4:5. Don't open until you hear the code word. Bible up. Okay. Bible open. No, that's not the church. Please hear. Faith comes by and hearing the true word of God. So listen, the code word is Bible charge. All right. Bible. Great. Bible open. Uh-uh. That's not the that code word. Bible up up Bible charge. The first one stands up. I give him a gift. Malachi 45. First one to open and open and read and stand up. Malachi 456. 5 and 6. Brother Moses is the first one. Maki hands for him. All right. I have a gift for you, brother. uh for standing up and winning the uh the competition. Come and read for us. Take a mic and read for us. Malachi 456. Campaigns at Los Angeles. Sorry. Sorry. Malachi 4:5 and 6 says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts heart of the fathers and the children and the heart of the children their fathers. Lest I come and smite the earth with with a curse. Give a clap to that Sunday school and take your gift. This is a gift from me for standing uh winning uh uh getting standing first. I'm going to give you a small gift here. Uh and this gift is a uh uh uh a small one which can guide you to read your Bible and press play every day. It will guide you for today. M coffee gi thank you. So it's good to have small gifts token for Sunday school so they can be encouraged to open fast and enjoy. Okay, let us see this video together and then enjoy uh the 20th century prophet. Let's watch it. [Music] May I present my wife? This is brother. Enlarge it, please. All right, let's just sing a chorus as we wait for for them and say, "I'm so glad that Jesus set me free." Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh yes. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. School. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven and shouting victory. I'm sing glory hallelujah Jesus. So yes, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Amen. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And what a fellowship. What a joy. leading on the everlasting eye. And what a blessedness and what a peace is my living everlasting. Hallelujah. Leaning on my Jesus. Yes. Yes. I am once again from I am Jesus. I am leading all the ever. Oh how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way. on the everlasting arms and I have blessedness with my Lord so dear leaning on the everlasting I am leaning leaning I'm leaning yes and I am safe and secure from Oh, I am leaning. Oh yes. Leaning. I am leaning on the everlasting. [Music] Ah, praise the Lord. You're leaning on some everlasting arms. When you lean on brother John, you might lose. But when you lean on him, he's everything to us. Amen. Amen. Let's continue the Sunday school class. And uh let us uh now just know what is this Sunday school? What did this guy tell us about the Sunday school? Uh uh in um in the in the church order 631 1226 paragraph um uh uh it I think is and so far I want to commend uh maybe just look and so far I want to commend uh it talks about the Sunday school. So say he said and so far I want to commend that brother Neva and you brethren here trustees and deacons and Sunday school superintendent. So Sunday school superintendent was a part of Brown for what you have done in helping this way and as who have been brought up by pastor since we were kids now we are grown up now we are working somewhere we are happy. Do we appreciate him? Let's give a clap for him. Amen. He's been our Sunday school superintendent, our pastor. He's been our helping guide over the years. And now you're here grounded in the word of God. It's something to worship and celebrate him. Amen. One more hand clap for our pastor as we celebrate him. And brother Brham has asked a question in paragraph 63. Now, Brother Brham, what about Sunday school? Brother Brham, about the Sunday school. All right. 63 says, "Yes, we've always had it that way. have the Sunday school just before the preaching service. That's why they had to call me. I'm sweating like this because they called me before. All right. And that gives a chance for the little fellas who attend Sunday school to dismiss their class if they want. And the little fellas don't understand it and they have to set all the way through the preaching service and then have a Sunday school. This is boring for us children, you know. But say the little fellas are on. Let the Sunday school be fast. Have a set time just as one set time for Sunday school. Go to session. Okay. Amen. And we happy for the leadership of our pastor. And please come all of you for Sunday school. It is important to have this class and have together. I hope uh the sound is good now. All right. I wanted us to do a class to do a video on a class but the sound has refused but we are not going to get deterred now I want good all right let's watch that video together Let's just be patient with them. Let's sing one more song. God's not dead. No. Oh, Sunday school class today. What's going on, my Sunday school? God's not dead. No, he's alive. God's not dead. No, he's alive. God's not dead. No, he's alive. I feel him all over me. Let's start one more time now. The Sunday school vi God's not dead. He's alive. And God's not dead. No, he's alive. God's not dead. No, he's alive. I feel him all over me. Yes. I feel him. I feel him in my head. I feel him in my shoulders. I feel him in my I feel him in my knees. I feel him in my toes. I feel him all over me. Hallelujah. God. No. He's alive. God. No. He's alive. God. No. He's alive. I feel him all over. You ready? I'm waiting for you. I feel him in my head. I feel him in my shoulders. I feel him in my waist. I feel him in my ears. I feel him in my toes. I feel him all over me. So, hallelujah. God's not dead. No, he's alive. God's not dead. No, he's alive. God's not dead. No, he's alive. I feeling all over and clap for ourselves for that wonderful time. Now, because of the program of the day, we will definitely maybe postpone this class to another time. Oh, we're good to go. All right, let's enjoy the the video. my wife. Honey, this is brother Leroy and Paul Cop of Los Angeles, California. Delighted to have you in our home, brother Cop. Brother Brandham, in your two great campaigns at Los Angeles, at Calvary Temple, we noticed that the Lord Jesus Christ worked with you in a very special manner with these marvelous gifts, these earning of the spirits of men's hearts, as well as the sicknesses of their body and the signs of healing and miracles that were wrought. We thought it was wonderful. We're interested, Brother Brandham, in hearing more about this unique minister that God has given you. Very well, brother Cop. Let's go back to the beginning. I was born in eastern Kentucky in a little log cabin near Bertsville, Kentucky. The morning of my birth, I'm told of my parents that there was a light came into the room and hung over me. My people was not a religious people. They did not go to any church. Of course, this caused quite a stir among them. It's followed me all the days of my life. Recently, they took a picture of it in the scientific world as shown here. You're probably familiar with this picture. It was proven by science that it was the only supernatural being that was ever scientifically photographed. To my opinion, it's the same angel of God that followed the children of Israel from Egypt and to Palestine. You know, as a scholar yourself, that was the angel of the covenant, none other than our Lord Jesus Christ. And when here on earth, manifested in flesh, he did not claim to be a great person. He said the son can do nothing just as the father shows him. He in St. John the 5th chapter perhaps you're acquainted with it the scripture Jesus passed through this famous pool of Bethesda. He find many crippled people there blind halt lame waiting for the moving of the waters. It was strange that he just ministered to one. But if you'll notice, he knew where that person was. The father had showed him. He healed this one. Perhaps he he wasn't crippled. He was just laying on a pallet. But Jesus healed him. And then further in the chapter, we find about the 19th verse that he was questioned by the Jews. Perhaps it would be questionable today why God would pass through a place where all those people were lame and halt and blind and would not heal them all. But here I'll quote his words. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he sees the Father do, this doeth the Son likewise." than according to his own word. His ministry was based upon visions from his father. Would not be strange then that his ministry should be carried on as he promised his disciples. The things that I do shall you do also. Greater than this shall you do, for I go unto my father. He said, "A little while and the world seeth me no more. Yet ye shall see me for I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe it's a confirmation in this last day of the resurrection of Jesus Christ living among his people, performing the same signs and wonders that he did when he was here on earth. At the age of seven, we moved from Kentucky to Indiana, up the road a bit from where we live now. We packed our water then from a well, some city block I suppose, behind the old country home. One beautiful September afternoon, while coming from the pump with some water, it was a stately popper tree stood about halfway between the pump and the home. Passing by there, there was a whirl of wind in the tree. What we call here a whirlwind. Why, it was nothing odd for that time of year in this part of the country, but it remained in the tree. It didn't leave. I stopped to see what it was, and a voice spoke from it, saying, "Do not never smoke or drink or defile your body in any way, for there will be a work for you to do when you get older." Frightened, that's not a word for it. I ran home quickly, telling my mother that a man spoke to me out of a tree. Well, she thought I was nervous. She put me to bed. But from then on, visions begin to come. And when this comes up on me, it produces a vision. I'm able to tell people what's wrong with them and what they must do in life and the sins that they are holding back in their life. At the age of 37, one night, I was praying in my room. And when I raised up, I noticed there was a light on the floor and looking around to see where it come from. It was coming from above. The pillar of fire was hanging just above restoring the light on the floor. I heard someone walking. I looked coming through the room. Coming into this light came a man and human figure. He had be about 200 lb of weight. He had dark hair to his shoulder and olive complexion. Is barefooted. Of course, I was frightened. And he said to me, "Fear not." And as soon as I heard that voice, I knew it was the same voice that had always spoke to me. But the first time I'd ever seen him in human form, he said, "I am sent from the presence of God to tell you that you're to pray for sick people. Great signs and wonders will be following your ministry, and you'll be praying for kings and monarchs and so forth." Well, I told him I was a poor man. I had no education. I would not be able to do this job. He said as Moses was given two signs of confirmation of his ministry that I would be given two signs. One would be the praying for the sick the miracles and the other would be you know the very secrets of the people's heart. I told him that I had been praying about this that the people told me that it was of the devil the ministry. He referred to me many scriptures such as when Philip found Nathaniel and Nathaniel came to Jesus. What Jesus told him where he had been, where he was under the tree when Nathaniel found him. And many other scriptures such as the woman at the well, how that she was revealed her sins to her. When Jesus told her that she had five husbands, she ran into the city and said, "This is the Christ." many other scriptures he referred to. I told him I would go. He gave me the assurance that he would be with me always. As you know, brother Cop, and the world knows of the great things that's been taking place in the ministry. We were thinking about whether these visions I would remember them very long. Some time ago, I had one about four years ago to be exact of a little boy being dead on the side of the road, struck by a car and killed. and he was to be raised from the dead. Well, I told everybody about it. Prophesied throughout the United States and Canada. Thousands of Bibles had it written on their fly leaf that this would take place. One day while we were having campaigns in the Scandinavian country, we were coming down through Finland from Kovio and there was a group of people gathered on the side of the road. They were hovered over some sort of a farm. We got out to look. There it was, the little boy. Everything has seen just the way it was shown to me. I said to brother Moore, "Look at your Bible and see if this isn't the scene." "Yes," he said. I knelt down and asked our Lord Jesus to confirm his word that he had showed me and had told me would come to pass. The little boy was brought to life again by our Lord Jesus. He's alive and healthy today. Brother Cop, this is just a few of the things that our Lord Jesus is doing today in the ministry that he has committed to me. To my humble opinion is to confirm his word, the things that he promised that would happen in this day we are seeing them take place today. Now, concerning the campaigns in Israel, Brother Cop, I'll be very happy to serve our Lord in Israel. I believe that my ministry will be very effective to the Jews because as the scripture says, the Jews seek signs, the Greeks wisdom. We believe many Jews and others there in the Holy Land will come to believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Messiah when they see a Christian fulfilling the prophecy of Joel in the Old Testament. Yes, brother Cop, I'm sure that you're referring to Joel's prophecy in the Old Testament, Joel 2:28. how that he prophesied, saying that in the last days he would pour out his spirit upon all flesh, the sons and daughters would prophesy. The old man would dream dreams, and the young men would see visions. Well, brother Brandon, I guess we'll have to say goodbye for this time. It certainly has been a great pleasure and very edifying. We'll have to be running along, but we will see you, God willing, in Chicago in the next couple of days. Well, gentlemen, it's been a pleasure to have you in our home tonight. We'll be praying together for the success of the Chicago meeting, and by God's grace, I hope to meet you there in the next few days. Would you care for some teas if we're going? Oh, well, thank you very much, Mr. M. That'll be just fine. Thank you. Thanks, honey. I believe also I'll get some tea after this. Ghana collap. Wonderful. Did you enjoy to see your prophet? Yes sir. Now we are going to do a short quick exams to see if you followed that video. My class, were you attentive? Yes. All right. First question. What was hanging over the fireplace? Hands up. No shouting. What was hanging above the fireplace of the video? Uhhuh. Ah, my class was sleeping. Yes. Yes. No, no, no. There's something. There's something. Okay, let me give uh options and then you say, but raise your hands up. The first option rifle. Second option Hoffman's head c head of Christ picture. Uh third is a painting. Fourth is a fish. Which one? Hands up. No shouting. Uh uh. No, no, no, no shouting. Hands up. What was hanging behind the pillow of fire when you're watching the video? My class was asleep. Oh no. Did you take breakfast in the morning? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You have to be attentive to the class when you come to the Sunday school. We are teaching you about our prophet and how the house was. Let us go to the beginning and we see so that you don't forget again. Take the video back if it's so far. Okay. The one which was in the behind was a painting. When Sister Branam was having tea, you didn't see the painting of the cabin. Oh, okay. Question number two. What color of the rug on the floor on the front of the chair? Oh, no. Even you're worried. You didn't even see the carpet. That is it. Now you have those things on your phones. Please download an app called the lifeline. Then you go and watch that video. Then you confirm I have this video all the time. I don't know. I saw a carpet. The carpet was in color red. And if you have a question, just open your phone later after church and confirm and see that video. It is on your phone. All right. Question number three. How many of brother Brham's children were seen in the interview? Were there children? Did you see the video class? And how many children were there? Runs up. No, wrong student. But try another again. M tried. All right. Another one. Who? How many? How many? Uhhuh. There were two. There were two children. If you have a question, please download the app and you'll confirm. Wonderful. Question number four. One of the brothers visiting brother was wearing grasses. True or false? One of them was wearing glasses. True or false? Hands up. Eang. Yes. Wrong brother. Please, please, please put that video, brother. Please put that video because now we have to be attentive for Sunday school. That's why Sunday school is before the service. Uhhuh. Put and see the video. There were two brothers who came to visit him. Brother Cops and the other one was okay. Uhhuh. Were they wearing glasses? Do you see? Is anyone wearing glasses? The one on the left is wearing glasses. Oh, the picture is not clear. So, we blame the projector sound team, tech team. Bang. You are making this class difficult. Please come together and get a nice projector next time. Eh. Yes. Please, please, please. We need to see. You see he has glasses. Okay. And him he doesn't. And if Yeah. Do you see this one shows clear? This one here. So we can make this one here. Bring it here. Okay. All right. Question number five. Where is the gospel? Where where in the gospel does brother Brham refer to when speaking to Jesus? Raise up your hands. John. Yes. John five. I can't clap for that, brother. All right. So Jesus ministry was based upon dash from his father. Dreams, miracles, signs or visions was the answer. Yes. Okay. Uhhuh. Hands up. Yes, sir. Visions. Visions. Correct. Yes. Yes. Makofi Hakapo, our precious Sunday school student. How old was Brother Brham when his family moved into Indiana? That one I say I don't not say. Hands up. When they moved to Indiana, how old was he? Yes sir. Correct. Sunday school student. Hannah club for our Sunday school student. Wonderful. So then during the month during what month did brother Brham see the wild wind in the tree? Yes sir. Which month? Yes sir. September. Another hand for our veritative Sunday school teacher. Wonderful. Now question number nine. How old was brother Brham when the angel appeared to him the human form? Yes. In this side this class. A hands up behind there. How old was he when when Yes, sir. He was 20 years old. No, wrong. He saved a specific age when he Yes, sir. 37. Another hand clap for that student. Hey, I have a gift for that student. He has answered most of the question. Question number 10. Brother Brham believed that the ministry will not be effective to the Jews. True or false? Hands up. Hands up. Yes, sir. False. Yes. His ministry will be effective to the Jews. Okay. Question number 11. The Jews seek dash, but the Greeks seeks dash. The Jews seeks dash. But the Greeks seek Yes, sir. The Jews seek Yes. and the Greek six wisdom correct hand clap for him. Okay. Where did brother Brham where did brother cop say that brother that God willing they hope to see brother Brham in the next couple of days. Hands up. Yes sir. No Chicago. Correct. Handcap floor. We thank you very much for this school. I have a very good gift for those two students who have answered more. Even you, brother, I'll give you a gift. Don't forget, we thank you for coming for the Sunday school. May God be with you. Please make sure next time you come with your swords, each one of you, you come with your swords and let's all stand up. Let us all stand up now. We'll sing. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Do you know the song? Amen. Give us a key. See E. Go to E. Is it he? Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. is in Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. Hallelujah. Eyes have seen ears of heart. It is what is in Jesus. One more time. Oh yes. Is inde Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. Oh, hallelujah. is once recorded in God's word is Jesus my wonderful wonderful isn't he wonderful wonderful wonderful Jesus my wonderful eyes of sears of ears of what we holding in this is Jesus [Music] my walk we walk we walk we walk in the light we walk we walk in we walk in the light of God in the light of yes we walk we walk in the light we walk we walk we walk in the light of this message we walk We praise. We praise. We praise. We praise, we praise, we praise, we praise, we praise, we praise, we fight. Oh yes, we fight, we fight, we fight in the light of scripture. And now we fight, we fight in the light, we fight in the light of God. Amen. We give him a hands. You may be seated. Just want us to do a song here. You appreciate brother John. Next time carry your sword. Amen. Yeah. As we collect our offerings. I'm Paula. If you can give me a I'm Paula as we collect our offerings this morning. [Music] movie and [Music] I get Oh, I know. I She [Music] see you [Music] see I see my Jes. Jesus. [Music] It's so I am Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] She is singing on my Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I feel the mountain Heat. Heat. affliction for I know your salvation leads me home. Amen. I request brother Sart just come and bless the tithes and offerings we pray. Glorious heavenly father want to thank you and appreciate you for this day. You have granted us the breath of life which is a great privilege and opportunity for us to use it rightly. We thank you Lord God King of glory for all your children who are already here and those who are who are all coming on the way. Father my savior we appreciate you for this day. Lord, we pray that you continue to bless us through this day as it has started in a good way. Father, when we are happy and rejoicing before you, Lord, I pray that you bless the hands that have g that have given the offerings and the tithe, Lord. King of glory, bless them and replenish them, Lord, and supply more and more, Father. the king of glory and those who have not been able father to have anything to offer. Lord I pray next time you provide them Lord God so that they may come also with something in the house of the Lord as the Bible tells us. We thank you father my God for each and everything that is being done in this place my God because father you have called us here Lord God to come and worship you and praise your name. Thank you Lord God for every testimony and every special song. Thank you Lord King of glory for the word that you have for us today. We thank you for the message of the hour. We appreciate you. We pray all this in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Won't you get on your feet? I just want to sing one song with you. Lord, let me be a witness as we shall be inviting Pastor James to come and take over. Do you want to be a witness? Amen. Here's a chance. Give me a B. [Music] Lord, let me be. Let me be a witness. Let me stand by. Lord, let me see. station you are Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Come on, give him praise this morning. Amen. You want to be a witness. Amen. As the pastor will be coming, just want to sing and say, "It's dripping with blood." Gar if you can give me It's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost gospel is dripping with [Music] blood. It's dripping with blood. Oh yes, it's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost gospel. Oh, this Holy Ghost goel. Oh yes, it's dripping with blood. The blood of disciples who shared their life for the truth. Oh yes. Oh die for the truth. This Holy Ghost gospel. This Holy Ghost [Applause] goel is streaming with I want you to hear the church singing. It's dripping with blood. Is she the Holy Ghost drinking with blood? The blood of disciples that was who died for the truth. This Holy Ghost gospel, this holy ghost, it's dripping with blood. It's dripping with blood. The first one to die. Oh, the first one to die. for his holy ghost plan. Holy Ghost was John the Baptist. Oh, he died like a man died like a man. He told that the spirit would come and bring the Lord Jesus. They crucified him. They crucified him. He told that the spirit would save men that would save me from sin. I just have the keyboard alone and the people it's dripping. It's dripping [Music] with dripping with this Holy Ghost. Oh, this holy ghost. It's dripping with blood. is shing with blood. The blood of the disciples. Oh, the blood of was shed for the truth. Was shed for the truth. This Holy Ghost gospel. Oh, this Holy Ghost. It's dripping with blood. It's dripping with blood. Give me the second, the next verse, the next. They [Music] sto He preached against sin. Sing with me. He reached out against sea. He made them angry. He made them so high. They dashed his head in. Oh, they dashed his head in. Come on, drums. Oh, he died in the street. He gave up the ghost. Oh, and when to join others in the lifegiving host and to join other Oh yes. It's dripping with blood this morning. Oh yes. Oh, it's dripping with blood. Come on now. It's dripping with blood. Oh yes, he's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost gospel. This holy god's goel is dripping with love. [Music] The blood of who died for the truth. This holy God is [Music] Amen. Let us give God a hand of praise. [Music] Amen. Let us humble ourselves and pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we are so thankful to be into your presence, Lord. And sure, as we've sung, this gospel is dripping with blood. The blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, the one that opened the way, give us eternal life. And we are thankful heavenly father that we are partakers of your divine nature lord. We thank you for the salvation you've given out to us. We thank for the gift of eternal life you've given out to us. Dear Lord we've come together to rejoice into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered in you will be there in their mid and Lord we believe you are here Lord. May you bless us heavenly father. May you take charge over everything that's going to be done. All the testimonies, heavenly father, and the ministering of the word of the Lord Jesus Christ as you've given each of us a portion of yourself and the attribute of yourself and even through the different testimonies Lord because you in all these father are going to bring the testimonies even the ministry of our pastor that we may see the goodness of the lord. and the things that you've done for us. We thank you for this day, Father. We thank you for the grace you gave every one of us, Father, to travel from far and near and to come that we may rejoice together. We give praise and honor to you. We also want to thank heavenly father for the safe journey you gave our pastor and mommy back. We give praise to you heavenly father. Take charge over everything Lord. Even grant us such a conducive weather today that Lord even after the service this morning we'll be able to proceed with the function in the afternoon rejoicing father in the things that you do in our lives. We love you and we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the name of our Lord. It is a very happy day to see every one of you here today. We are very grateful to see each and every one of you. Those of you traveled from far and nearly thankful. We appreciate all the pastors that have come and all the believers that have come. Praise the name of our Lord. And especially want to thank pastor Kamachi and his wife and then brother's wife brother John and I thank you for coming. We appreciate the Sunday school by brother John. Praise the name of our Lord. We are a bit late by about 45 minutes but we want so we can catch up and we just want to call on the testimonies. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Pastor Benago if you can come. He's a special person to our pastor and I believe he knows why he was the number one to come and give the testimony. You're welcome. Yeah, God bless you. Good morning everybody. I'm happy to see you. I'm happy to be in this uh meeting tonight and I don't know where to begin. I don't know why they chose me to be the first one. I I am the first born Steven's ministry and I think you allow you allow me to read a scripture and numbers chapter 27 Seven. Numbers 27 verse1 15 says and Moses spake unto the Lord saying let the Lord the God of spirits of all flesh set a man over the congregation which may go out before them and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in, that the congregation of the Lord, be not asleep, be not sheep which have no shepherd. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Take thee Joshua the son of Non, a man in in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him, and set him before the priest, and before all the congregation, and give him a charge in their sight. and thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient. Amen. And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim. Before the Lord at his word shall they go out and at his word they shall come in both he and all the children of Israel with him even all the congregation. And Moses did as the Lord commanded him. And he took Joshua and set him before Eleazar the priest and before all the congregation. And he laid his hands upon him and gave him a charge as the Lord commanded by the hand of Moses. Amen. Alone. Alone. [Laughter] Alone. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Laughter] forch. for Amen. Amen. I have another scripture in Deuteronomy 32 verse verse 71 verse7 and Moses called unto Joshua you can paraphrase to save time and he said unto him in the sight of all Israel be strong and of good courage for thou must go with these people unto the land which the Lord hath sown unto and their fathers to give them and thou shalt cause them to inherit it. And the Lord he it is that does go before thee. He will be with you. He will not fail you. Neither forsake you. Fear not, neither be dismayed. And Moses wrote this law and delivered it unto the priests, the sons of Lev, which bear the ark of the covenant of the Lord and and all the elders of Israel. And then in verse 7 uh 32 he says remember the days of old considered the years of many generations. Ask your father and he will show you thy elders and they will tell you. May God bless the reading of the word. Good morning everyone. We are here on a very special day, very special occasion uh that we have to witness of the handover um not because of anything but for the work of the Lord to to go ahead. I'm very happy uh to see the elders from various places. You're welcome and God bless you. Thank you for putting in all your efforts and your time. Uh the Bible says children honor your father and mother for many days for you to see many days and to live a good life. Praise God. I want to thank God for fulfilling that law in my heart, my life. I was born in 1950 at Amusadia district and in 1982. I was reborn through the gospel of my dear brother and pastor and friend, Pastor Steven Ibalari. [Applause] You know a person has three parents. You have a parents that give birth to you. You have a parents of your wife and of your husband and you have spiritual parents. Brother Steven and his wife were my past spiritual parents in the gospel. In 1982, I had gone to Busama 82. 1982, we went for a meeting and people preached, but Steven came and preached. had not known him but I watched his preaching and it impressed me so much after preaching I went to him and we talked then we became friends because we don't have time to go into details and he started coming to my place then one day he was going to Toro uh for a mission and I escorted him from my place. When we got to the bus then he told me brother do you know? I said no said God sent us a prophet. I said a prophet. He said yes. I said which prophet? Then he told me but this prophet has not been received by many people. I said why? He said they their teachings he gave but they are true. I said no I want to know that. Now he was in the bus and I was down. Yes. Then he because the bus was about to leave. So I said but brother don't worry I'll come and tell you. So he came home from Toro. He introduced the message to me and he told me so many good things. We are reading. We read about the godhead. We read about the serpent seed. We read about women preachers. But one thing that disturbed me was about the goddhead. But with time it got revealed to me. So we continued with brother and then we met brother. So we became three and we were just like uh I don't know what but the message was so special to us that anywhere we went we had to take the message and uh one strange thing is today you may look at brother Steven and see him the way he is but that is not the Steven who was then what was he then he wasn't a rich man Steven it even kept me astonished because Steven could walk from foot to come to where he was Steven could ride a bicycle Steven wasn't having anything and yet he he was coming from a good welloff family but he didn't mind about that. Now the message at that time was disliked. People would get books and burn them. And brother Steven chose to serve God with the message of the hour. And brother Steven in his life that he was living was very hard life friends. He didn't have a house. He didn't have anything. And sometimes you know I shed tears when I remember his own wife having one dress. At least me I could I I could earn because I was working with that was the life that was starting but he was so faithful and he had a camera. He had a camera that he was taking photos and this is where he would get some little some little bunny to feed the family. But then there's a testimony about that one day he carried those photos because he used to photograph then take them to Kenya across and the other side and then get the pictures back. But then he told me a story one time that he met a manuh he didn't know. He stopped him and asked him you you are a preacher. Thus says the Lord go back home. Don't worry. God is going to bless you. But don't don't don't keep moving up here. Just go back and God is going to bless you. Brother Steven came back and gave me that prophecy. Then he went back again. And when he went uh there was a trap laid for him and they I think they wanted either to steal him or to kill him. So he had to pass through a very uh special way to move out of the home. If if he has the time he will tell you or if you want he can tell you his testimony. Then he was saved narrowly. from wrong hands of those people in Kenya. He came back without the camera, without everything. And the stories are too many. How life started preaching the gospel. Sometimes brother tell me things that I would really not believe because he said one time he told me brother Ben do you know I said no. He says God tells me he's going to bless me. He said he's going to give me a big church. So I thought a big church when we are trying to preach in we had a convention one time in Toro where we are only 30 the whole national convention was having 30 people honestly I didn't see ahead of us people believe like we believe and brother Steven was telling me you know brother Ben tells me I'll even go outside so I would hold my head I said enough go abroad abroad was something that we could not even think of but brother Steven was so faithful and was telling me this is what the Lord tells me. So this is how we moved together and with brother Steven he has been my mentor has been my mentor and at one time people started calling us I think the trinity They called us lots of names, briefcase preachers and all these things. Praise God. But I thank God when I see what he used to tell me all came to pass. Praise God. And that time when I mean 1987 85 89 it was very difficult friends you know the country was torn because of war we didn't have transport we didn't even these houses we now live in is just a miracle and it is a prophecy fulfilled so I I really thank God even for the protection. Praise God. Uh I don't have time but I want to chip in just a little thing that happened when we went to Congo. We went to four of us when we went four of us. His brother was brother him and myself. So uh we left them in and they were ministering. So me and we went ahead to GMA and then we I I went to witha and they came to they came from they came to GMA. But when we were there, brother was got a a message, a dream time and he he dreamed that you know the country was attacked, people were being massacred, people were dying. I was reading I was studying to go on to preach in the in the evening. So he woke he woke up and suddenly started telling me that story. I said, "Well, let us pray." We went and preached. And at night, we were supposed to go the following day to another another city. Now, I also got a dream and the dream was telling me, "Go back." And we said, "Go back." What? So, we we we the brother put us in his car. and we drove taking us to minister to another place and in brief we didn't reach the vehicle overturned. When it overturned, then we came back. We said, uh, we better not go because when we scrambled out, the natives of the land came and he tried to pick us up. But they put the vehicle back on the road and the vehicle was okay. So the pastor said, "Do we proceed or do we go back?" We say, "I remember the dream. I remembered what the brother had dreamt. I said we go back. So when we went back and put us on a ship, we made a ship. We came back to GMA. When we came back to GMA, I think brother Stephen either was preaching or what following day we came back to Kali. When we reached Kgali uh the brother pastor Vienna they said no brother Ben you people have not preached here we should preach you said no you should go back home so you can spend another day we said no boarded the ve the bus in the night we reached the border and when we got to the border It was so tight and we are wondering. Yeah. Was so tight. Then what happened when they let us when after they let us out they closed the border. We boarded the bus and we came home. The following day they announcing that rebels have attacked Randa and we said what a god we serve. It was much later after the war was almost over. Was he over? met pastor Vienna and Vienna gave us a testimony how they looked for us. They are saying we want those Ugandans who are here. That group went another group comes where those Ugandans I think it was the third group. when they could not get us that they got the sister because the brother was hiding under the bed. They got the sister and slaughtered her. And then the blood ran the brother says up to where he was. And when they went, he maneuvered his way out, brought into the to the border to the the airport and he flew to Kenya. I think he was staying with Pastor Kamat. God bless you so much. So uh I said our God is real. See he talked to brother was he talked to me but we couldn't understand but he still protected us until we came back. Friends, there are so many testimonies that we've gone through with the brothers, as a pastor, there are so many things and uh we appreciate God. We appreciate God for pastor is is rested. that these are brothers that have really stood with this message. I know, praise God. In the time past, I I didn't think as I have said, I didn't know this message would sweep over in the whole country like this. These brothers, they stood to bring in tapes and books. It was very hard to get books. We could get one book and saturate it around even copy it. It was a rare commodity and these tapes. We had what we call tape recorders. You people you are blessed now to have this message. There is nothing so special like this message. Now God has made it easy. You can download it for us. We look back and we see how we used to ride bicycles entering right into the bush. Brother is here. God bless you. And God is so wonderful. When we see the fruits coming out of it. Praise God. I don't I don't need even now to struggle at my age. Praise God. 75 years is enough. Let the younger people come in and carry the message up close. Praise God. Because this is what we desired. said that the message should reach out and it has reached out. So I pray that God will bless you. That was our lifestyle, the missionary trips. Praise God. The first plane I boarded was because of brother I to land in America. It was him who carried me there. Not selfish. people in Ginger, you are being so blessed. You see, in those times is when he he got a blessing to put this building. He didn't say, "Let me build my own house." Let me build a church come and worship. Oh, God bless you, brother Steven. We are most of us we are what we are now because of his ministry. When you get a revelation when he would get a revelation, he doesn't hide it, he will tell you and you look through the scriptures and see it is true. Praise God. I don't know what to say. We were down deep in the dust. Now we are moving on tyros. We didn't we didn't have ties. We didn't have ties. We didn't have cars. But remember this gospel goes with blessings. God cannot leave you in poverty. I remember brother Odipio when he was marrying He didn't have a wedding garment just ordinary dress and he was weded. Today if you want to wear a person you cannot bring a gass you you have to get a what a wedding garment them days just a few years behind here. It was a real hard life. We thank God for the gospel. Now tonight, praise God. I want also to thank you elders from different places that are standing with this gospel. God bless you so much. We respect the sovereignity of our local church. Let us remember. This is my last. Let's remember this. This gospel did not come to form a denomination. It came to prepare us to meet the Lord. Praise God. When you look at a brother in his capacity, receive him, you might know more than him. Praise God. But receive him, love him. Uh the young people. When Joshua got old, he said, "But there is more land to be acquired." Praise God. It is becoming very difficult if you are coming to think you'll be going abroad. It is becoming very tight. Countries are closing their borders. Our country still needs evangelism. That's my appeal to you young people. For us, we did evangelism everywhere. This church to begin, we had an evangelism on the other side. It started on street here in the school. Now we have churches. Young people, what are you doing? Praise God. I appeal to you, pastor, whoever is coming on whom they are going to hand over. Praise God. We are not handing over to you and then sitting back. No, I don't think brother Steven is doing that. He still has some energy to preach. Praise God. But he wants to offload his responsibility. He love too much. Even Moses, he said he chose men. He chose over 70 people to offload the work. And now as we grow into numbers, we need you young people and you ministers. Let us see eye to eye and preach the gospel. May God richly bless you. Do you appreciate Pastor [Applause] Beno? Amen. Amen. Immediately I want to invite pastor Emanuel and we shall have 10 minutes and then maybe the home team that's brother Fred MV and brother sees in the afternoon instead of this morning. Yeah. God bless you. want to welcome you all to today's service. It is so special to us showing us the genesis of this place. I appreciate my pastor. It was 1986 uh when we when he started the ginger church because back where brother B was talking about it was ina it was ina it was not in ginger so in ginger brother I comes I don't know whether it was 84 or 85 five. But then me and and his wife, we shifted from Busam. I think it was in 86 either February or March. So we came to Ginger and we were staying in our uh mansion. It was really a big mansion a 10 by 10 room 10 by 10 I think uh just near ginger essay in a boy's quarter school. So we were there uh it is now the person maybe to answer this question who was the song leader because what I remember I sat with his wife and he stood and preached he preached I don't know for what period after that he got his camera he goes out look for put. So that was the first church. Then uh he manage he managed to get when brother Mong came in brother Castas he got a nursery school where the other side is saturary schools now. So when we were there, I think we worshiped there. I think one month or two there was another powerful church also which came in. Our pastor could not pay rent. He was shocked. So again he had to look for another place. In that time we had got we had to go back to our original our mission. So you preach from there. Now we had somebody who didn't understand English. So now I had to stand in to interpret. Now I had my my patience so lovely to me. Now instead of interpreting what the preacher is saying I was attentive to my girl here then pastor PS you translate. So that was our church now because pastor was always aware in mission to patience. She thought I was her dad. So she always called me daddy. When I go to school, uh my obies come and say h you people you are joking with his daughter is crying for me. Daddy daddy and she was crawling towards the gate. So uh from there pastor got another place another church came and chased us. Lastly we ended up in ginger girls. So while we were there I could run from home come and prepare the place and then he comes and I song lead preaches. We go back Now one day uh it was he had preached about faith. So when he preached faith Monday morning I prepare breakfast it was porridge since he was tired. He was still in bed resting and all of a sudden patience because she was still crawling. She pulls the saucepan and it powers on her. Then mommy shouted. Then he asked what is it? So patience is burnt. Bring bring her here bring her here. and laid his hands on her, prayed. That was the end. No pain, no bruises, no nothing. So when we were in Ginger Girls, girls, I think 87 in the middle, more people were still coming. We had a brother the late now Pascal Amula, brother Tomi, Wilfreda, they came in. The church was growing. Brother Julius came in. Now while we were still there, there came up Calvary. I think something they were Koreans or Japanese. They also wanted a place for fellowship. So now the head ministries didn't know whether we stay in our block or he gives them the other block. The preacher there because he was white. He had good money. He promised to paint the whole school. But if I'm going to paint the whole school, there should be no church here. We were sent away. So we didn't know where to go. Now that time brother had come in with his family. So we went to his boy's court in his sitting room. That's where we were praying from. God bless brother and his family. So from there I don't know why but he became chairman management main street primary school. So he spoke to the head mad headmaster Mr. Mondo and they gave us a room and they gave us in the primary one we could reach there and play. Oh, before Main Street, after Ginger Girls, we went to Wuka. When you went to Waluka, you know, Wuka, that immediate school near tiptop. West. Yes. West. So, the church had gone to over 50 people. So I had also to leave home early morning come and clean the place and then the people come to have the service from there even uh in the shifting also there was also shifting of the home when we were in Wukuba there's a time when we were staying also in Waluba then we shifted to bug. So I could walk from come to west, clean the place. At times you could find the place too dirty that people defecated in it. And now once at times in the night it rains. So you come and you find the place the place is really terrible. But I could make all possible ways to make the place clean. So we moved on like that and uh when we came to main street uh we were staying in those uh lower classes and the chairs were really for babies. But the big people were the ones now sitting on us. But we thank God we were not people of the world. There were people of the other land who are not looking at the surroundings who are just looking at Jesus the word. Praise the Lord. I remember one time brother Castas preached he was talking about the zodiac and that's the time when sister Ledo came in and brother and it looked like things were the preacher either was confused looked like they didn't understand anything but they came the following Sunday they continue to come praise the Lord now from there I'm summarizing because there's too much uh while I was at school, pastor become became busy with the mission. So he trained me how to photograph and he got me that camera which you didn't need to focus. It is called Olympus Pen. So in senior 2 I started to photograph. I photographed at times I could get brother's bicycle. I go to primary. I go to secondary. I go to college. We are trying to make ends meet. Praise the Lord. Now from all there we were now planning for this place but there was no money. I remember when pastor went out in shells. Uh he called me when I was working in Victoria V hotel. Brother Fred Mv was the manager. And he says, "Emmanuel, what can I buy you from shells?" I told him, "You would buy me a keyboard, but buy me a guitar. Buy me a boxy guitar, I'll be able to play with play it." So I came back with a guitar. I was very happy. I song lead. I play the guitar. somebody we started even evangelism me we could evangelize we go to we were really doing the the best we could so pastor comes up with the mind we want to get our own plot Then I told him pastor how if we cannot survive? How are we going to buy a blood? Praise the Lord. So we believed and prayed. We believed and prayed and by God's grace we got this [Applause] place. Brother Mbe uh volunteered to look for mule trees. So pastor got him the money and he looked for those move trees in I believe because now the the uh the building was in construction and we needed now roofing. So we managed to bring I managed to bring uh timber We roof the place. Now we're struggling and the floor was mad. Pastor got some few benches. I don't know whether they are still around or the new generation has burnt them. So the brothers could see this side, the sisters could sit this side. And they were sitting on you know those ms which are real hard from the papyrus they call them. It is Mr. ins who used to call them like that. So that's how we are moving. So now it came to a time when we wanted to put in water to bring water and we place the pipes from down here to this place. But remember this place was so bad all the thieves from Ginger could hide here. The whole area here it was all bush. You could not pass that road there on a bicycle on foot by one by 7 p.m. I told pastor you are building there but you are not going to manage. He said by the grace of God the church will stand. So when we lay the pipes pipe brothers had to volunteer to protect the pipes. Brother was one of them but very old but with the love of the church he volunteered. We were about I think brother brother how many were we about 20 about 20 brother Bill was were you there? Yeah brother Bill was around. So we were in shifts for watch for about one or two hours then you come and wake others so that they go you also sleep. There is a day it was really bad. It was brother John and brother John I don't remember with other two but John was so rough. You see police patrol was always parking at total. So now John we don't know what happened. John started uh lighting everywhere with a torch. Now police was scared. Said there could be people in that house in that church there. So police comes here and now John and I run away dis they disappear. Now they wake me up and brother I sleep with brother S and we didn't know what had transpired. So on going out with our torch police stop what is don't go back don't go stop now we said what what has happened so they told us hands up and then we walked towards them and they took us the petrol station What are you doing here? This place is dangerous. What are you doing? Then we told them the story. But who was lighting flashing everywhere? Said we were just woken up. We don't know who we maybe one of our friends. So where are they? Don't know. So we had to come back with them. They searched everywhere. But remember we had our B straight down. and we are putting on timber. So these guys were down there. So we went back. They interrogated all of us and they saw that we had a genuine reason but they wanted those two but they failed to see and we also didn't know where they had run. So it was really hard but we thank God at last we are here. Praise the Lord. At last we are here. I remember when we were staying in I think after pastor preaching in I think ministry primary school we had to walk to back home. We're just walking back home. from ginger town and we are happy. There's a time pastor could want maybe to get maybe like 100,000 but nobody could give him the money. One time he got some money. I think if you can rent a room here in Wyama road and we put a shopping can at least it can help us. When he gave the man money, he didn't he didn't give him the house and he left it. He's a polite man there. You just his money. But I think now today if that man is there, he's now asking pastor to give him a look. The other day pastor surprised me that some either two or three banks called him that pastoral you come. You see we see you are a capable man. You are enterprising enterprising. Uh you come and we give you money. We know you are able to pay. Hey pastor, when did this begin? The other time we wanted 100. Nobody was there to give us. Now today if you want 1 billion, we are ready to give you. That's the amazing grace. Praise the Lord. We thank God for pastor standing with the word. If he didn't stand for the word, we wouldn't be where we are. I am what I am. because of him. He didn't give me cash but he gave me the word. Praise the Lord. So this message is God. And if it is God, he is life. And where there is life, there is continuity. You cannot stay the same. Praise the Lord. He he has to show you have to show you are gaining something from God. We say you see a calf a calf will rejoice and kick because of the mother's. So if we are really God's children, We should rejoice in what he has given us because it is all powerful. It has all the potential to get you from to be with to sit with the rich people or the kings. Our new uh pastors where we minister. You are welcome. has been made a special day to speak about this ministry. This ministry has been here for us. When you look at this man here with a shining head, I don't know where the where the hair went, but that time when we started the church, he had plenty of it and he was a slender man. Either way, in senior 2, when I was in senior 2, you see my best shoe was butter slippers. I used it in senior one, senior 2, senior threeen with one trouser and one shirt, black and white. My badge was not sewn on the pocket because if it is sewn it means I will not have a shirt on. After school, I remove the badge. I keep it there. I go town. He got some money and he got a cooker which had an oven. So he trained his wife how to make cakes and we could bake cakes and I put in a box. I got tax park bus park selling those cakes. That was life in my sleeper. While at school lane we had either it was a communal home I don't know it was not a nuclear family you see nuclear family is father mother children but this one was for everybody one time ministers came around seven and we all squeezed inside there and the land lady asked mommy All these men coming from that house said yes. How did you fix them? Said they they they had to put their legs under the bed like this and it was all joy. The whole family of pastoral had one pair of slippers and that was my shoe. So whoever went to bathe had to use that. Praise the Lord. So one time said but this boy here he needs another trouser. He had got I think three trousers. So he he got one which was navy blue and said Emma you try that and when I put it on it could not go through the thigh. I was fatter than him because that time did I have any problem? No problem. Don't worry no nothing. So I was more heavier than him but he was the boss of the house. So that's how we live and that's where God has brought us. Now today we are happy to serve the Lord. Pastoral. Thank you very much for being there for every one of us. For most of us to see that you have shown us the way of the Lord. The word has been preached in hardship. It has not been easy but we thank God. Here we are. Let us be patient with God. Let us be patient with God. Most of the people we started with are all pastors. Pastor, thank you for being a good shepherd. Brother welcome. Brother Castas, you are welcome. uh brother, brother se those were the first elders in the church and we thank God you have been good and loyal to the pastor many have come from the ministry here and you who are here I believe you are coming also to follow us but what you have to do don't stay in the phone so in the computer. Face the book. Face the book. Not the other one, but this one. You see these ones here, they are good. When your mobile come to real studying, you need a hard copy. So, young ministers, hard copy. Get them. Brother Max is here. Let him supply you with books. Study and write in the book. Brother, thank you for this opportunity. You are not coming in a small place. You are coming in a heavy place because all of us we have to look to you now. You are becoming our father now. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. Do you appreciate brother Emmanuel? Amen. He said 10 minutes is not enough. So his 10 minutes became elastic. So I want to invite pastor Robert Kavas to be the last testimony before. [Applause] Thank you. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's a great blessing to be together this morning. Amen. Amen. To witness a historical event. I have never attended this kind. I have never seen it before. So I I'm just trying to see am I doing the right way it should be done or not. Amen. Amen. But I want to appreciate God for the far he has brought us. He's a mighty God. Amen. Amen. And I want to say God bless you, Pastor Steven. Uh thanks for standing for the message. And I'm just uh one of the products of this ministry. Amen. Amen. Before I go further, I just want to say I want to thank the believers. for the believer's family at the country over and more specific to the inner ministries for the support, the comfort and the sacrifice you offered to us during the going away of our mother last month. Amen. Amen. We were so much blessed in history. This is the first time I've written a speech because I had too much and I wondered how what am I going to say? How am I going to say it? So I have written a speech and here it goes. Amen. Amen. In 1990 as a student I had in my ears the ever first utterance of the message of the hour and the name of brother William Marion Branham. It was through the motto lips of our beloved pastor Steven. I had never I never I had never heard about the message until by divine leadership uh in a primary school called I listened to the ever captivating message to a wandering s of a little boy in shorts and that set a fire burning to date. A gospel teacher with a piece of chalk on the black body was seriously speaking the word to a little attentive flock of about 20 people estimated. Zechariah 4:10 tells us For who has despised the day of smaller things? It was so small, so powerful and so great. Not long after that, a younger minister by the name of brother Emanuela was introduced to me by a precious brother, Michael Kasamba. [Music] And I was led to the river for baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Moving from the house of a brother [Music] called. Amen. Amen. I said I'm trying to see how brief I can be. In 1995 is when I again reunited with a long gospel teaching after school and shortly I was invited for the first time to minister in the presence of pastor Freeman in the mother church of Ginger Loco Christian Assembly as was called then. walking, preaching under this ministry. So inspired me that the gospel fire was burning at the place of work. Pastor kept following us up in those little groups, preaching to us in a pattern that has never stopped with every staggering income. My hands have been held from deep grass to grace untold. [Applause] I remember one time when I was teaching here in Sunday school, I used to ride a bicycle to come to Ginger. Uh pastor had now given me grace to minister as a Sunday school teacher. Sunday school. I came always very early, packed the bicycle out there. Uh, little did I know that one of the believers whom I shook hands with before I entered was interested in the bicycle. So as I came to preach, I think it was sister faith who told me he saw the person I shook hands with also going with the gospel. So after preaching, service went on. I didn't know what was going on. When everybody started to go home, that's when I realized I didn't have transport. Pastor stood with me. That bicycle, I don't have the stories talk about it. But we had to find a way of going back home. He supported me, got me a new bicycle. Uh, getting married. It has its own stories. We got married. I got married to a lovely sister, Juliet Modo. I think she's around maybe. But yeah, she's behind there. during our marriage like the way brother has described the incomes we had uh he was the best man pastor had a vehicle. It was the only vehicle I had on the on the function. It carried me, my wife and then a maid strictly. And that was the the wedding because we introduced and married the very day because the resources were just enough for that. If one missed food on the introduction that was all [Music] Because next for us we went home. Pastor monitored my life, watched me, looked after me and the the the what I would say is what I the title I would say for this speech here. I have I've said inspired by the inspired. Amen. Amen. I go I've been inspired by an inspired person. I think a man who has seen poverty, who has seen small beginnings, will know how to handle people who are having small beginnings and who are going through difficult. So his life has inspired me and meeting an inspired person is quite inspiring. And so it was for me meeting pastoral in my ears and through all the years that have followed. Lesson is learned. The great deep emphasis of the message of the hour reading it, listening to it and distributing it are the very core issues that I have been inspired into by this person called Pastor Ival Steven. In the 1990s, books were brought, tapes were brought and they were distributed. To date, I have been inspired even as I'm speaking. Whatever little man I get, I print message books. I distribute message books. I try whatever I can. My vehicle is always full of message books. I can buy message books and I give them as free as it is. I was inspired. I was led the message of the God bless you. A preached a practical preached and lived life of integrity has so much inspired many of us in the ministry that God has put in our med through pastor. He respects all categories of people both small and big. It's quite amazing and I have found that with pastor sometimes he's calling me pastor and I was I always wonder is he mistaken because I I don't really qualify to be a pastor before him. He will call you pastor. He respect every small gift. And we have been nurtured from nothing to something that another lesson I've learned. I have watched that this that I have watched that his greatest and very blessed success has been in the gospel and pastoring though I know it has gone with a lot on his physical. I have I have watched and learned the principle making tents like Paul did through our pastor. I have seen him struggle like any other mortal man to reach other ends such as business. Struggle like any other man in business, politics, poetry, animal keeping, education but in all the most and the blessed impact that has been in pastorship. And I am one of the most evident fruit though not any greater than others. Amen. Amen. As I stand, I just want to give a witness that we started in a small way in Kala to where let me say everywhere I have gone in the rented houses in the in the big houses, pastor has reached my place. He has come and when we started in Campala, it was a very small beginning. He used to come inspire us, speak to us and steadily, you know, challenging us with his life. As I stand, I'm pastoring a church in Campala. We started with about eight people. By his grace, we are more than 200 people. I give thanks to God. God bless you for standing. I have been challenged always and wondered if I'll ever be a pastor to someone like the way my pastor has been to me. I do not want to presume but I want to feel the way John was called the disciple that Jesus loved most. We know that he loved them all. I'm inspired to follow the list of them that I find in the course of the ministry that may that may seemingly be shy as I have been try to lift them to their feet. I hope it may not have been clear but I'm saying pastor has followed us pastor does even the least shy like me until he can bring us to stand and stand before the people. I'm inspired in my ministry to follow up the list whether whether small or shy. they can be able to come to the surface. Before I went for the ministry, I went I sat in his office and my beloved pastor spoke to me as a mentor. He gave me four principles in the ministry. It was a heart-to-he heart talk in the office which was behind there and these have guided me. I'll share with you. He spoke inspiredly and he may not remember what he spoke and this I've repeated it over and over. He said Robert know who has called you in the ministry. Amen. That's right. I will not explain details but a minister should know who has called him in the ministry. The second he says always preach inspiration. That's right. Never preach situations. Amen. Preach what God has inspired you to. He told me the third thing he says avoid being emotional. Amen. Details I will not talk about them. The fourth principle he told me be careful of preachers influence. Amen. Each of these I have always had a sermon on each of them as full as full as full. God bless you pastor. The secret I have learned is that the pastor gives all his life to the right cause of the gospel. This I have discovered that by around his early age of about 30 years his early years of about 30 years. When I met him, he looked mature, focused, experienced, deep rooted and more all like a man of about 50 years who met him. Amen. Amen. It was later on I discovered that pastor was still a younger boy. when we met him. But by that time, the way we looked at him, he looked like he was 50 years because he was mature. He was steady. He was deep rooted in the word. Thank God for that. I have learned that that years before that like brother Ben said he had surrendered his all to the ministry and the message of the hour. I believe he had forgo education. Maybe he had opportunity to continue. I've not heard pastor talk about employment. I've only heard him about the message. He had forgo politics. because I know he had great potential. It's a great life. His great life was a life of aspirations already sunk into the message of the hour. We thank God for such a life of sacrifice. Some of us have only been able to surrender to our to to to serve in our older parts and all our youth has been gone. I wish I had opportunity to surrender at the time when you surrendered. It would have been different. But I just left work I think about four years ago to devote myself. But I was already in 40s and 50s. For him in his 18s, he was already serving. When you retire now or when you say I want to give responsibility, we salute you with all respect. We love you. God bless you. He surrendered his home, his family, his strength, his resources, and the future to the service of the Lord. And when he sounds like he wants to hand over some of the administrative cause that go with the ministry, he has indeed labored. May God bless his beloved wife, our mother Sarah. The dear sisters, peace, peace, hope, hope, patience and faith for supporting closely our pastor he serves in the ministry. May God bless our pastor's heart. Pray that we hold his hands as the younger eagles. Hold the older ones. Comfort his heart as he pursu as we pursue the cause for which he has labored and may be his God. like Elijah, I pray that the anointing upon him will flow to others like it flowed to Elishah, Juel and 7,000. May manyers be in his crown even as he continues to serve. I just want to suppose it's a change of ministry. I just want to suppose that it's a change of ministry in the life of our pastor and yet only God knows all that. Amen. Amen. So it reminds me of some words that the prophet spoke about brother boss and brother Ne. I will not read the details. Brother I mean brother Brham said if there is anyone who represented Pentecost in this age who understood the cause of Pentecost. It was both worth. Amen. Amen. I say with all respect, but if there is any other minister, I know there are many ministers. But who has really stood for this gospel in before me? It is pastoral Steven. Steven should be respected like the way brother Brham respected Ne. He constantly talked about Neil. Even when the gift of Ne could not match that of Brother Brham, a real pastor, a real man of God, a real teacher of the gospel. I would compare you to brother. God bless your ministry. Amen. Amen. In closing, in closing, I want to say, may the almighty God anoint our precious brother James. May God use you in your humble nature. Dedicated to the cause. Simple. focused. That's the brother James whom I have known since he was a student at the university, whom I have been a best man for with whom we have closely walked together and served together. I heartly appreciate the grace that God has bestowed upon you to step in the footsteps of our pastor and steer forth the noble cause. of the gospel and uphold a spiritual legacy of our beloved gospel center in a veil ministries Ginger. We pledge to stand together by God's grace as we continue to serve. May God bless all the saints. God bless you friends. God bless your organizers. Oldtimes of ginger. I I I hope to mention this. I say rest in peace, brother. Rest in peace. Brother, rest in peace. Sistered, I want to say rest in peace. Brother, you held my hands when I was a little boy. If you were here, I believe we would rejoice together as we see the Lord uplifting this ministry and all others who have gone before and those who are present, all my young life deacons, mothers, sisters and friends. May God bless you, dear pastor, even grant you many fruitful years ahead. Amen. Amen. There's a request I put before him. There's a request I put before him at his own time. He'll be able to to perform it if it pleases him. May the good Lord bless you. Thank you for coming. Shalom. [Applause] Do you appreciate pastor Robert Kavasi? Robert Kavasi. Indeed, our time is just not enough. There are many people have been mentioned. Would be worth recognizing. Brother Castor, if you can stand up. came all the way from West Nile there. He was a deacon here. Brother, if you can stand up, brother is a is a pastor I think in you're welcome. He was also here. Praise the name of our Lord. He's a he was a head deacon. Now he's a pastor. We have also brother simp. I'm sorry I may not pick one by one but there are so many who are here. Now I want to invite pastor Kamati to come and greet the church before we can sing one song and then we bring in pastoral. Amen. Amen. [Applause] God deals with the church as an individual. each [Music] individ when a man [Music] proves and God loves him. God takes that man. I'll repeat when Pastor Steven Iar proved and God loves brother Steven. God has taken him out of somewhere to himself there in front of the angels. He does something for Pastor Steven Ibar. He lifts him up there in the presence of God and gifts him and fills him and sets him out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Allow me not to say anything more, but I'm honored and very, very humbled. to be here to hear the testimony of my precious friend and I'll call him my senior pastor. The Lord has used him in a special and unique way. He has gifted him in a way like the pastor say that he has he has been inspired by the inspired and we say thank God for pastor [Applause] I pastor I is not tired so he's not retiring God is rating him up with greater responsibility so that he can deal with us pastors who are coming up and he can train us as he has always done. Thank you, Pastor Steven, for allowing the Lord to use you from very humble beginnings, sacrificing your all as I finish, I'm accompanied by my precious wife. [Applause] You can read the people and my very precious friend Patrick Mangi can greet the people and his wife Betty. Mr. Betty you can greet the people. These are very very precious friends. walked with me many many years. I also came with my precious lovely daughter. Peace. [Music] Peace. God bless you. My love and my son John Bogwa. Wow. Like an gave Samuel to uh in the temple. I humbly request pastor CV to take my son John and train him like you have trained pastor pastor here in Campara. I want to run from those four points. Please remember to write them for me. I really want to run from that. So kindly requested pastor if God will give him grace to take my grandson [Applause] uh of course he's called Dan but I like call him and they train him because I believe uh the Lord has uh prayed for him and in the hands of my precious teacher, apostle, mentor, I believe the Lord can use you to make something out of him. We also have brother Rabbi Levy. God bless you. We we love coming to Uganda. We enjoy ourselves. It's our home. Actually I have no to appreciate sister Iare the wife of the [Music] pastor for giving me a wonderful wonderful daughter called peace boa little genuine Christian very well trained as a mother an example le of being alive and God bless you saints. I'm happy to be here. God be with you and I really really thank you for appreciating us. And remember we shall always appreci whenever I come here I want to sit here and learn. I've already gotten a few lessons about being a pastor from what pastor Robert got from pastor. I'm a third generation and I've gotten something. God bless you friends. I love you. Appreciate you. [Applause] I I feel so happy uh for this precious servant of the Lord. And the way pastor has trained him, I have seen him for many years since he was in Toronto. Genuine humble spirit, Christian spirit, for the church here, for the ministers in the country, the younger ones and the older ones. Let us support him. Let us stand with him. God bless you friends. Amen. Amen. Do you appreciate Pastor Kamachi? Amen. Amen. Let us have that song. Send me all Send me, brother Joshua. Praise the name of the Lord. Send me as we receive our pastor. [Music] I pray we are going to be patient enough. Praise the name of your sacrifice today to be with us. Just bear with us about 1 hour we shall be done here in church. Then we shall go for lunch maybe around 2 and then from lunch we start the function outside. Amen. [Music] Amen. It was this holy place. on this holy ground. I saw the sign. I heard him speak to me. Take off your shoes. Come glory. [Music] Where are standing Moses is holy ground. Who are you my Lord in an unconssuming boo? I am whom I am. Say the Lord. I have a work for you. Go deliver is right. Yes, my Lord, I'll do as you leave. Send thou me. Send thou me Lord to the nations. Send me near unto land so far away. I will proclaim your name to all people. heart. Here I stand before thy presence. Send out [Music] me. Somewhere in the temple, sing day and night. [Music] a voice in the night called [Music] Samuel. He arose and went to Eli. He answered, "Here I am." Oh, Eli told him, "That's the Lord says speak Lord I am." Oh, when he had the call again, speak thyself and hears the answer. The Lord then spoke to him for Eli's house and sent to all of Israel to be God's chosen prophet. Oh, as you as God commission him, send thou me, send me, oh Lord, to the nation. Send me and land so far away. your name to all in your presence. Here I stand before our praises. Send out me. The Lord may have called you. send you like Jonah. You've turned your way from the net of you. But even surely then God's plan will never fail. Heal the stormy sea situations on your knees down there. Three good days and nights of prayer for the Lord to come on sin with another chance. Oh that the next time his voice calls out and says whom shall I send? Oh my go send thou me. Send now me to nations. Send me and land so far away. I will proclaim your name. I will proclaim your name to all people. Here I stand before the praises. I will proclaim. I will proclaim your name to all people. Here I stand before thy presence. Send out. [Music] [Applause] Good afternoon. God bless you all. I greet you in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ and I'm happy to see quite a number of people to come on this small faction. Um I was of the idea that I wanted the people who started from here and the pastor says let's open the function to everybody and I've learned one thing to obey my pastor That's very important. Amen. Amen. So I told him also he should not put an emphasis on trying to get the people in. But I appreciate some of the people I see here. Uh the team from Nairobi Nairobi, brother, your wife, then brother here, and then brother Levi, and then my son John and the rest of brother Ruben and the rest of you. God bless you so much. I'm seeing brother Phillip Philip all the way from uh uh Chesro 600 kilometers from here. God bless you. Amen. I'm seeing brother many brothers. Amen. Amen. Amen. I certainly appreciate all of you. I want to welcome the pastors and you know who have come down here today to be with us. Brother, you came long ways to be here. God bless you. I always want to recognize the pastors that are taking the message. Now, I just want to invite you to recognize your presence. our new pastors that have been able to make it come just walk up here. You always do. We appreciate you people. Amen. Amen. Sometimes when we are having a function, we put in some money for them to be here and then we have about 200. Amen. Amen. And uh the Lord has honestly blessed us but we said this one should be a very quiet faction. Pray for those men. They've chosen to take the message that you cherish. [Applause] May the Lord bless you. You can go back and see. [Applause] Yeah. I appreciate brother Mambo being here. Brother Max of the voice of God of God. And then let the senior ministers come here. Amen. Come over. Come over. Amen. Amen. Brother Emma, brother Ben, all of you. Come over [Music] here. Amen. And all of you come over, brother. We appreciate having you here, brotherto. our brother, all of you, my neighbors. Amen. We certainly appreciate to have you here. And may the Lord bless you. God bless you so much. You can go back and take your seat. I'm not going to be long. And uh as I close uh I want brother Robert to come under the witness of his family and they'll stand right here. When we sent out brother Robert we prayed for him. to go out and do some work with those that used to come from Campala, come here for services and go back. And brother Robert went, but he has desired to have with an official ordination. So we shall ordain our brother. He has proved he has proved that he is a God called man. There's no question about his ministry and God has also given him a lovely family. You know, ministers, always pray for your families. And I've always told ministers, if you want to lose your children, talk about ministers in their presence. You'll never have them. You'll never have any child. Respect one another and God will bless you. I'm telling you, you say something negative about a brother in the hearing of your children, you are destroying them. All those things that you do on social media, they don't make you greater. Humility is your greatness. So I want to invite you for a few minutes here. I'm not going to preach, but I just want to do a handover to the man orained. Brother, God bless you. [Applause] How is my church? I was the first pastor in that place by that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So let's stand up and get first kings chapter one and verse 33. I'm going to say a few things and I want to be so emphatic when I'm handing over to our brother. I'll say a few things and I trust that the Lord will take those things, print them on his heart. I want him to know today that God has anointed him to take over this world. Amen. So, first kings 133. The king also said unto them, this is King David, take you with take with you the servants of your lord and cause Solomon my son to ride upon my own mule and bring him down to Guehon. And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint the king over Israel and blow you with the trumpet and say go save King Solomon. Let us pray. Precious heavenly father maybe I would not be the best to speak at this time. But because you have allowed me to do the handover, I pray that I may take this opportunity, I also pray that you may anoint my words and as the people receive them, Father, I pray that you may bless them. May they become stepping stones in the hearts of the wise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So I'll just call this little uh talk to you the handover. Amen. Amen. So let me say a few things here before you know I pick up those scriptures I've read. Now the five-fold ministry is ordained of God but the shepherd is the founding gift. Amen. Amen. It is the ministry of a pastor that nurtures you from a child to a minister. This ministry of a past must have the ability to teach. Out of that ministry, the rest of the ministries are natured and they are shaped. There is a brother who is a sheep a pastor now. When he was in school with brother Robert, he came to me and he said pastor I want to leave school. He was in his A level and I asked him what? He says I want to go and drive a trailer so that I can preach the word. You see when you are just beginning in the absence of a shepherd that boy would have gone but now is a very responsible accountant in a big company and is ministering the world. Pastors are very important for your upcoming. You may be able to have more knowledge than them, but those men they have what we call a gift. Gift and knowledge are two different things. Gift is an anointing with power behind it. But knowledge may just be something you know and sometimes may never help. But I'll take the scripture here in Ephesians 4 and verse 11. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. He doesn't say and some pastors and some teachers. But he seems to add these two gifts together. The ministry of a pastor and a teacher seem to be linked together in this scripture. Are you together with me? So the five ministry is just a selected few in the body. Amen. Amen. Not everybody is a part of this. but a fivefold ministry. Any man who takes part in it is ordained of God from before the foundation of the world to take care of the ministry of Jesus Christ. Amen. So not everybody can be one of those. They could be disputed, but God caused them to use them in his service. Amen. To the bride body. And sometimes for a specific season and in a specific location. Are you together with me? You know when God calls a man, he calls him for a specific season. and for a specific location. You cannot be a successful pastor in every area you plant yourself. God plants you in a place, waters your ministry there and the ministry begins to bring forth fruit. That's what God does. So at the handover, I want to tell the pastor here, if you can just stand in the rest of the words I'm going to say, take your distance. Don't mind just right there. On top of the obvious things that go with the ministry like a study and prayer, there are certain things You ought to take note of [Music] you have not been called to a popularity contest. You've been called to serve these people. The calling of a shepherd is more like the calling of the Old Testament priesthood. You are being called out of a people to serve a people. I'll take you to Hebrews chapter 5. I said I'm not going to preach. I'm just going to stay on a few things so that we go out of here. Hebrews chapter 5 verse one. For every high priest is taken from among men is ordained for men. Amen. He is taken out of you to serve you. Amen. Much as he has been part of you, you must accept him for the new calling the Lord has given. is called out of men and is ordained for men in things pertaining to God that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sin. And God designs the heart of this man. He makes him compassionate. I always wonder When whether some people are pastors, when they've got radical [Music] heart, God calls you to deal with the wickedness of the people. In verse two says, "Who can have compassion, on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way." Now, your calling is to deal with the ignorant, you have to teach them. And those that are out of the way, you have to bring them back. So you are constantly going to deal with the ignorant so that you may teach them and those that are out of the way so that the anointing of a good shepherd that God has placed upon you may bring those people back into the bit. Amen. Amen. You need to step in this office knowing that you are a burdenbearer and not a lord over other people. You are a burden bearer. And I have a few things to categorically place before you that when you step into this office, be sure that you take a criticism with grace. There are people They are just specialists on criticizing. You are going to suffer. So take criticism with grace and take praise. Take praise with caution. Take criticism. with grace and praise with caution. Always deal with principles because it's principles that matter. Feed my sheep. Feed my lambs. God is not giving you God's food. You take too much time. Instead of feeding the sheep, you'll be fighting goats. Feed my sheep. Feed my lamb. Now when you give yourself into service, Do one thing. Never ignore your family. Always have time for your family because that's your first church. You are not going to be a happy pastor. with a lost family. And as you take the office today, you are not a replacement, but you are a continuation. [Music] You are not replacing anybody because the church is on a journey. Like when you look at the seven church ages is basically one church and every messenger and every age was a continuation of that. So I want you to know that as you come in, you are not replacing me, but you are a continuation of what God has been doing. A few things that I think you should remember for the many years that you are going to be in this office. Don't use the office to prove yourself right and others wrong which is a very big problem in the body of Christ. People use these offices to prove I'm the one who is right and all the others are wrong. And you are preaching to people who are not even there with you. Feed my sheep. Feed my lamb. Avoid on concentrating on painting a personal picture. Don't make yourself your object. Christ is the object of our worship. Amen. I told Robert that when God calls you, he hasn't called you to preach history of your me of your ministry. When I was in Kala, when I was in when I was in Ginger and you are telling what you did, tell the people what they want [Applause] now. Keep the people on the focus. You see sometimes we draw the people's attention on ourselves and then the problem to that is that the people will [Music] lose the understanding of the body of Christ. This one doesn't think like my pastor. and they call you anything they want. Avoid that. Let Christ be the principal thing. Don't make a man even the standard because you'll find people say no it's not you let us make a Christ the central theme As a minister, you are just one man for your local area. And when you uncristianize all the other ministers, you are not going to help the people that side. You are destroying them. Let Christ be the central theme. Brother Brham says in the spoken word is the original seed part one. He says God's son was his example seed and what his life was when the spirit poured upon him after his baptism. and the Holy Ghost came upon him and the very life that he poured. That same watering spirit of the Holy Ghost will bring forth the same kind of life doing the same kind that he did. is the same seed, son of God seed to bring forth a son of God seed. If you try breed that seed, you'll get a wrong crop out of these people. Preach in season and out of season. Because once you are underpiration, you're preaching in season and out of season. I taught you here in season is you dealing with the people what they need currently. And when you see a minister going beyond what you think is necessary, underline those words. He might be preaching out of season. And that time you'll say this day this scripture is fulfilled. So whenever minister stands out here just believe the Holy Spirit is in front there speak to you. So I want to hand over these things but I want uh you know the team to come and sing me a song. ministers do what God called you for. You are not one another supervisor. Sometimes you dig someone else's garden when your garden has God calls you for your local church. You are called for this people. Praise the Lord. Very little gospel theme that we have. [Music] Praise the Lord. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is maring Lord. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing glory. Hallelujah. to I see the glory. Hallelujah. His truth is my Lord. My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is jumping on the [Music] pes. Heat. Heat. His truth is maring God. I have seen him in the washers of a harness that he comes. He have builded him also. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. His truth is maring on. He has sounded forth the trumpet. He is lifting up the hearts of men before his My soul is my God is [Music] my hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. His truth is maring in the beauty of the L. Christ has gone across the sea. We adore hisome and he died to make me to make me free. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] is hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. I want to appreciate God for my [Applause] family. They have traveled the 40 journey. I don't want to talk about what they've come through, but it has been the grace of God. My wife, my entire family, can you all come over here? Sister Sarah, God bless you, [Applause] Few people come over. My grandchildren. The only one missing his brother Danny is doing exams. So he could not travel. Stand on that side. I traveled with them in many places when they were still little children to preach this gospel. They went into West Nile. They went into all the places and the Lord has kept us as one family. [Applause] I've always tried the best I can to respect the ministers and sometimes I've not got back the same but is my principle to bless the ministers. [Applause] These children here, they've witnessed people who come to my house. And they say, "Brother Steven, we've come to destroy you." They would say all they wanted and they drive away. they would come again another. I always tell them love purchase of the blood of Jesus. [Applause] I want uh brother James's family to come here. his dear wife and the [Applause] children. We've gone through so much for the last 40 years. Just stand right there. Come up. You come up for you belong up. Praise the Lord. That's his little family. [Applause] The best gospel comes from the family. That's where it comes from. That's why they put the condition of a family. If a man wanted to be a bishop because it's there where he learns to deal with the ignorant and those that are out of the way. May the Lord give us grace. Sir, I now would want to hand over to you some important documentation here that pertain to this assembly. These are the registrations of the church. [Applause] I never put the church in my own names because it's mine, not mine. Amen. I am a servant to this church. And then these documents here is the right for you to marry the couples. [Applause] And now finally this these are the titles of these plots one and [Applause] two. So I think my family you can move back to those people. I appreciate them. They have walked with you for the last 40 years and I believe they love you. God bless you. [Applause] So I've given you those documents, but above it all, behold the purchase of the blood. They are all under your care. And these people are your holy burden. [Music] So the right under you, right under you, I also stand. [Applause] I pray that the Lord may give you grace that you may feed the older ego to a renewal [Applause] again. So for 10 years You've ministered under pastor and now you are the pastor. I want you to become an all word minister. All Genesis Revelation like Genesis is not the entire Bible. Some little experience, some little experience cannot be the entire message. [Music] Don't take people out of balance. Be a teacher of the entire world. Amen. So I want us to look at the principle of adoption here before I step out to call brother Robert and your wife and children will come to witness. I require brother James, me and brother Kamati to be able to lay hands on him as the rest of the ministers stand behind us. You see, when you are a minister, you should listen to the voice of the spirit. When he says turn northward, turn northward. If you don't listen, you destroy what you started. [Music] I want to say the people here love me. Nobody pushed me out. I heard the voice of the spirit. This is your time. And when you see somebody who can stand in the office with other better qualifications you talking about his master's degrees but I'm talking about the ability to deal with people. James is a class above the ordinary. [Applause] And I want to thank God for him for the 10 years that he has been under tutorship. He never set his foot ahead of where supposed to stop. So now David gave Solomon the kingdom because the king David had seen that of all his children it is Solomon who had his mind that's adoption is catching the father's mind and the moment You think like your father then the father will be comfortable to share his authority with you. Amen. Amen. So your adoption is not your birth. You have to be born by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And that's a very great subject. Amen. Some people still believe that when you get that excitement, you've got it. But just look at that message. Invisible union. When God made man, he made him into his own image and then placed him in a body and this body is a visible body. So the invisible union is God going into the female part which is you into union to bring forth fruit and that inside part it has no emotion. It is only faith. That's why he says total obedience to the word entitles you to the token pulls that token onto itself. But if the spirit doesn't go all the way to the soul and it stops at the human spirit, you can shout You can scream. You can fall. And brother Brham says you just feel an experience of sanctification at the altar. You cry and then you call it the home. Friends, we came out of Pentecost to come into the message of the hour. We shouldn't confuse the bosom of the Holy Spirit and stimulation of revelation. These are two different things. Amen. Amen. That's right. That's right. You'll find us excited, jumping, shouting, stimulation of revelation and the baptism is totally a different thing. I'm going far again. Praise the Lord. So that this training because you are born taken through Hebrews 12 just chastising the training of a child then allowed to share in the authority of the father. This training involves a period where a character is studied and then approved and later that character is put to use. Amen. That's adoption. Amen. So the occasion of adoption was not done in a corner. It was a public function. And today I want to say as far as ministry is concerned, brother James is an approved son of God. [Applause] And in the images of adoption, we are fellow hairs with Christ to the father. We share in his name because he left us the name and the name is not something that he answers back to. But the name talks about character. We dressed. Amen. Ourselves in that name by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We dress, we put on that name. And in this adoption, he has made us kings. and priests. Not he will make us but he has made us kings and priests. I'm finishing in Revelation 1:6 it says and he has made us kings and priests unto God his father. Amen. Which was not [Music] possible after the fall of Jacob's first son. He could no longer take the kingdom and the priesthood. So the kingdom was given to David. The priesthood was given to Levi. But we thank God for this day that when David came, he was the image of the unification of the kingdom and the priesthood. Amen. Prophesying that when Jesus comes, he's going to make us once again kings and priests. And now an adopted son exercises the authority of his father. And it's the father that makes that authority work. Are you together with me? So I want you to see here. When David saw that Solomon was a mature seed, he said, "Now Solomon must be sworn in as king over Judah and Israel. Now we are used to the natural way that a hair in a natural family waits for his father to die. But we thank God that we serve a God who doesn't die. That's why David painting the picture of God here calls in Solomon and said go and cause him to ride on my new and let all the nation cry. God save the king. We got to save the king. Isn't that wonderful? We have fellow hairs with Christ to the father. In the name of Jesus, we share with all the authorities that he left behind for us. Amen. So listen now. David planned for Solomon's incoming. And I want to say any real God called pastor must prepare for [Applause] Solomon. He planned for Solomon's incoming. He set up the kingdom. He pointed to him where the dangers were in the kingdom. He organized the materials for the tabernacle. He even gave him the order of service. So Solomon slept I mean stepped into continuity and that's what you are doing now. You are not replacing nothing, but you are coming into the continuity with the authority of the father standing behind [Applause] you. And you now have all it takes to build the tabernacle and the kingdom to higher heights. David is not giving you an empty kingdom. He has taught you. He has instructed you. He has adopted you and is giving you a kingdom knowing that you have got the ability to build you to the higher. What David was not able to do. Solomon did. What I have failed to do, James will do. What I have failed to do is because the season for it had not come. I will take you into this scripture. And David said in 1 Corinthians 22:5, "My son is young and tender, and the house that is to be imputed for the Lord must be ex exceeding magnificial. of fame and of glory throughout all the countries. I'll therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death to build a magnificent kingdom. And that kingdom was not Solomon. No, the kingdom is not going to be you. The kingdom is the life of Christ in the people. The kingdom is in you. So let your ministry open the hearts of these people that King Theophony may build in their hearts, the kingdom of Mechisedc, the kingdom of righteousness and peace. Make sure that you continue making this a peaceful island in a troubled waters. I'm saying these things so that they can be remembered of you in the years that you serve. We are people who came without guidance. We just dug our paths. And today we thank God that he gave us sober minds to be what we are. Let's go to the last scripture here. one as brother Robert's family will be making way here. This is Hebrews chapter 7 and verse one. For this mech, king of Salem because he says he has made us kings and priests. So for this Melisd, king of Salem, priest of the most high God who met Abraham. returning from the slaughter of the kings and blessed him. He had been in the battles. He was exhausted but Melisd met him in the valley of Shave. Amen. Amen. You know, battles are fought in the valley, but doesn't matter. Mechisedc was there to strengthen the hands of Abraham. And the scripture say for this Melchisedc So this mechisedc not the mech in the valley of mechisedc in the present tense Hebrews 138. For this Melisd, the one whom brother Brham identified in the service. And he says, who is this? He says to whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all. cross by interpretation king of righteousness and after that also king of which is king of peace. Amen. Amen. So he has made us kings and priests by dropping his nature. He drops the nature of mech in you. He gives you a drop of himself. And if you are a king, you are a king of righteousness. And if you are a king, you are a king of peace. This is what the church should do. Build that kind of kingdom. Amen. So this king Theophan has been made a continuing priest. The scripture says he's a priest continually. He's a priest today as he was yesterday. And as you stand as a priest among the people, let that anointing drop upon you to build the kingdom of peace, the kingdom of righteousness among the people. The King Theophan, a continuing priesthood, he's the one committing to you this office and he wants to use your [Music] instrumentality to help these people. In finishing, I want you to hear this. What made Israel What made Israel a great kingdom was not the size of land they had and it was not the amount of people they had but it's the God that was always in their maintain that presence here and God will bless you. He was among them. He went with them into the harvest. He went with them into the worship. He went with them into the battles. That was the strength of the church. May his presence work with you. And like you held my hands in battle, I will hold your hands in [Applause] battle. I will stand by you. You've got men of honor that are not standing against their word. Brother David here, brother Fred. You'll hear from them in the afternoon. They are going to stand by your side. [Applause] Together with you, we shall stand. And we shall make the end of this journey. The responsibility is now in your heart. Brother Robert, if you can come over, the Lord has prospered our brother. When he was working here, the people tell me I keep prophesying. But when you place the word in its right perspective, the word is prophetic. Maybe the rest of you can sit in the meantime, but brother, you can come. You know, it becomes prophetic. Brother Robert in the early 90s they were giving him 50,000 and he said I'm leaving. I said don't leave. I say if anybody hears that you have worked [Music] here. Praise the Lord. I said if they hear you have been working for those people all those years everybody will want to appeal you and that is the truth. When he went out the Lord has blessed him when he was at last post. He said, "Pastor, I want to retire and concentrate in the gospel." I said, "That's a good idea, but let God himself tell you to leave." Between that time and the time he was going to leave, something happened that caused him to walk out with a big blessing. So we thank God and we give him the glory for our brother Robert. We want to ordain him for the job that the Lord has given him to do and his family standing by his side. I invite the pastor And I ask brother to handle this. [Music] We pray. Amen. [Music] This is the Lord's doing is wonderful in our sight. Heavenly Father, we see a wonderful precedent of a man that you have approved [Music] through fairies, through thicket, through mountains. Lord still in his youth in his figure, anointing and inspiration. You have guided him to ordain this ministry for the church in Campara. Pressing all this responsibility in the hands of Lobat your servant and his family father in the name of the living God. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we lay our hands as your ministers. Giving our precious brother Robert our hand of fellowship. We will stand with him. We will pray for him. We will walk with him even as he takes this responsibility. Oh heavenly father which has been very well estimated this afternoon by thy servant pass in his hands and God in the name of Jesus Christ take his soul that it the soul will always amen your take his spirit his mind. Possess it Lord by the Holy Spirit. Give him strength in his body. Give him health. Give him wisdom. Humit heavenly father to serve to feed the sheep and the lambs of Jesus Christ. his precious wife, his children are called into this ministry together with him. Give them the grace. Give them hearts that can bear, hearts can forbear, hearts that can stand in the situations the difficult times come and the wind of opposition comes his way. Precious heavenly father, May he find sies in the loving wife, understanding in his precious children. Commit them in your hearts in the church he is pastoring. Precious heavenly father, may you continue to give them grace in their hearts. Lord Jesus, they will stand with their pastor. Heavenly Father, may you go, heavenly god, guide him into wider ministry. Not just the local church, but if you as you prove him in the local church, open doors, heavenly father, inspire him, direct him, guide his footsteps as we do this and lay our hands on our precious brother [Music] Robert in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. The Lord will be with you. Amen. God bless you. Can I call my family back here? [Music] Give me. [Music] Thank you, sir. Oh, sir. [Music] John and everybody. God bless you. Bless you. Abundant. I thank God for the call upon the heart. I continue in the ministry of the [Applause] word but the administration here goes to our brother James. The Lord is giving me open doors. Amen. Where people need grace by the little ministry God has given me. And I'll spend that time that [Music] way among our new brothers and all the other areas of call. And whenever the pastor needs my presence, I will always be here. God bless you. God bless you all of you. What are we doing? God bless you. Shalom. Shalom. God bless you so much. Thank [Music] you. [Music] Listen, thank you so much. [Music] God bless you so much. Do you appreciate our [Applause] pastor? I'm very much humbled. Praise the name of our Lord that is calling me his pastor. Praise the name of our Lord. I will certainly need the grace of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now with just without wasting time, praise the name of our Lord. [Music] Let me call brother if you don't [Music] mind come and close the service. Praise the name of the Lord and then we have lunch outside and I believe we close and go right away for lunch. We after he has closed the service shall invite the master of to come and make just a few comments. Thank you all for coming. We are going into another [Music] session. And lunch is ready for all of [Music] us. God bless you, brethren. Can we all stand [Music] up? Let us humble ourselves and bow our heads before the Lord as we close this pray. Let us close our eyes and say a word of prayer. Father, we raise our hands and we bow our heads before you seeing that such a humble occasion has taken place. A very important occasion in love handing over. It is not common. Oh God, it is you. Oh master, we want to appreciate you. Loving father, we want to bless your holy name this morning. We want to magnify your holy name. Lord, thank you for being in our hearts, gathering us to witness this, Lord. Bless our precious brother James and his ministry. Lord, bless our precious brother, brother Steven. There's much he has done for us. We raise him and commit him to your hands that wherever he goes Lord you continue using him. Father bless us together in this place. We also like want to accept Lord and commit the provisions hereafter. The food we're going to partake the drinks that we're going to take that you receive all the glory and praise. bless us as we go back to our homes also. Give us journey masses and bless this church abundantly in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. [Music] Yes, brother Peter. You may be seated. Brother Peter is going to give us guidance outside there. Thank you for coming. God bless you. God bless you saints. Can we give a big hand clap to the [Music] Lord and can we also appreciate our dear [Music] pastors? God bless you pastor and I want to appreciate our dear pastor James Kumba. We thank God for this day. Is the day the Lord has made for us to be glad and rejoice. Uh these are rare occurrences and they are right in the [Music] scripture. It's right in the scripture. The events that happen and you really you're right in the middle of scripture as the scriptures were being read. We are being blessed. So we are going to move as follows. I really request and if you don't mind assume that those doors are closed. Let's all move out through these doors and move to the tents so that we save time. I know we are many. We've not met for very long and we may take a long time to even sit down again. I don't know about you, but I'm anxious to hear more. I'm anxious to hear more. So, I want us to get there quickly as we get to learn so we can hear more. So, let's save the time. by using these exit doors. Let's go and sit in there so that we can move on with the next program as we get also to have our lunch. There's I believe a lot to say. When I look at all of you, you need to say something. You need to say [Music] something. Let's save the time. Okay. Levite, brother Joshua, lead us in a song as we'll be moving out. We've already prayed and then we'll start from there. If you don't mind, we'll sing that song. Isn't he wonderful? Eyes have seen, ears of [Music] heart. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful isn't Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard. Eyes have seen ears of heard. What's rewarded in God's word? Is it Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Isn't he? is indeed Jesus my Lord wonderful eyes have seen eyes have seen he was in God's word is it Jesus my Lord wonderful Oh. Oh. Great is the Lord. A strong tower. Great is Jesus Christ. I reuse. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is above every name. The fullness of God will be me and the name Jesus Christ will be me. Great is the Lord. Great the name Jesus. A strong tower. Great is Jesus. Praise Jesus Christ. I the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is above every name. The fullness of God will be near. Oh, and the name Jesus Christ will be the part to save. the heart to say in the name of Jesus. All knees bow down at the name of Jesus. The devil tremble at the name of Jesus. You need your healing call. The name of Jesus. All your might to the Lord in Jesus Christ. Praise is Jesus Christ. I refuse. The name of the Lord, the name of the Lord of every day. The fullness of God will be the name Jesus Christ. In the name Jesus Christ our creation in the name in the name of Jesus. Mountains are moved at the nations. All sins all sins forgiven by the blood of Jesus. Oh, get behind me Satan in the name of Jesus Christ is my victory. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. A strong tower. Praise Jesus Christ. I thank you for the name. The name of the Lord is a holy name. The fullness of God. The fullness of God will be the name Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We reign forever as kings and priests with Christ alone above all weakness and principalities. [Music] We've overcome by his blessed [Music] promise and the seal of the Holy Ghost in Jesus Christ. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise Jesus Christ. For the name of the Lord is our name. Oh the fullness of God and the need Jesus Christ. Who the name? The name Jesus Christ dwellth in me. My name Jesus Christ dwelleth in me. [Music]
