################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Seeing The Daughters Of The Land     |        Pastor Katumba James    |    31. 08.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   Seeing The Daughters Of The Land     |        Pastor Katumba James    |    31. 08.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxZ74-bvLpo
========================================

I trembled at the Lord. I spun until my guilt is so imploring to Calvary. [Music] Mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy. There was great pardon was multiplied to me. Bom they was multiplied to me and they my bon [Music] at Calary. [Music] Now I give to Jesus. Now I give to Jesus everything. [Music] And now I gladly own him. Now my raptured soul, now my raptured soul can only sing. Hope of Calvary. Mercy, mercy, mercy. Mercy was there. It was great. Oh bon bom they was multiplied to me and they my pardon so at [Music] all the love all the love that drew salvation's plan oh that grace that brought him down to man. And all that mighty God that God did spend at Calvary. Oh mercy, mercy, mercy, there was great and grace was free and bom they was multiplied to me. There my burden so liberty at calary. [Music] Mercy, mercy, mercy. There was great and grace was free and bon was multiplied to me. will live my bid and soul only at Calary. [Music] Oh, this little light of mine. Oh yes, this little light of mine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, let it shine. Shine and shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Come on now. Oh, this little light of mine. [Music] Oh, yes. This little light of mine. [Music] Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I want to hear your confession. I'll never let the blow it. Let it shine. Oh, I'll let the blow it. [Music] Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Yes, this little light of mine. Oh, yes. This little light of mine. Yes, this little light of mine. [Music] Just let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, give me oil in my lamb and give me body. Oh, give me oil in my lamb. I pray. Hallelujah. As you prepare to speak to him, worship him this morning. Keep me burning. Keep me body into the brain, Lord. Give me oil. Give me oil in my lamb. Give me body. I want to burn and burn. Give me oil in my lamb. I pray. Hallelujah. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning to the break of day in Luganda now. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] God. Come on, let's sing it together. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Oh, hosana. Oh, sing hosana to the king of kings. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh, I will praise. I'll sing hosana. Just worship him. Sing hosana. Oh, I'll sing hosana. Singing hosana to no other but the king of kings. Oh, sing hosana. Oh, sing hosana. Oh, I will sing hosana. I'll sing hosana to the king. I will praise hosana. Oh, I'll praise hosana. I will praise hosana. Praising the king of kings and the Lord of lords. To the king of kings I'll praise him. Oh sing hosana. Oh, just sing hosana. He's here tonight. Just speak to him in your own way. Tell him, Lord, I need the oil. Keep me burning. Precious heavenly father, king of glory. Lord, once again, heavenly father, we are coming before thy throne of mercy, king of glory. Appreciating you, heavenly father, for such a morning, oh king of glory. Lord coming father before your presence Lord a fountain oh God that never runs dry. Oh heavenly father that you can fill us this morning oh God with the Holy Spirit and fire. Oh king of glory that you can feel us. Oh heavenly father Lord God that we may be able to burn Lord burning within us oh Lord a light that can be able heavenly father to shine oh heavenly father in this dark world oh lord helping us oh heavenly father being being oh king of glory ambassadors oh lord of your word oh lord living oh heavenly father a life that is worthy of the gospel lord this is our prayer heavenly father this morning lord May you will pour out your oil, oh king of glory, heavenly father, may you pour out your holy spirit, oh heavenly father, this morning lord like they were gathered in the upper room oh lord waiting upon thee oh heavenly father I pray this morning lord as we await upon thee lord as your children speak to you oh heavenly father as they call upon you oh lord in their different trials oh lord I pray in the name of Jesus oh father may You keep on burning Lord within them. Oh heavenly father if there are any dark desires oh Lord I pray Lord may you burn them out oh heavenly father Lord if oh king of glory the church is waxing cold oh lord you are the lampstand oh heavenly father lord god may you pour more oil oh heavenly father through the week oh king of glory that our lights may burn brighter and brighter lord may you remove oh heavenly father lord anything that you do not desire lord Lord in our lamps, oh Lord, oh king of glory, that your light, oh heavenly father, will so shine, oh God, that it may be seen of all men. Oh Lord, father, we want to rededicate ourselves this morning, Lord. Heavenly Father, that you may come and take absolute preeminence of the service, Lord, as a heavenly father, we invite you this morning, Lord. May you speak to our hearts, Lord. Forgive us, oh heavenly father. Cleanse us, Lord. Give us the liberty, heavenly father, to worship you this morning, Lord. Give us the liberty, oh heavenly father, to praise you, oh God. Come, oh heavenly father, Lord, and dwell in our midst. Oh Lord, that as we worship you and praise you, oh Lord, you our praise, oh heavenly father, may ascend to heaven, Lord, like a sweet smelling savior. Oh father, we love you and we thank you, Lord. Come and speak to your children, Lord. Father, may you come and bless us, oh Lord, in a special way, Lord. We love you, oh Father. We thank you, Lord. May you come and Lord, inspire us, oh Father, as we sing songs to you, oh Lord, as we worship your name, oh Father, as we give glory and honor, Lord. May you keep us burning, Lord, burning within our hearts, Lord, burning with a desire to know you more and more, Lord. Burning with a desire, heavenly father, to hear your word. Burning with a desire to testify, oh Lord. It is our desire, Lord, that we may burn and burn and burn, Lord. Burn within us, oh heavenly father, Lord, and cleanse our souls, oh father. We love you, Lord. We appreciate you. Blessed be your name, oh Lord. We thank you, Lord, for this morning. We give you praise, Lord. We give you glory. We give you honor, oh Father, for there is none like you, Lord. How we thank you Lord. We glorify you. We bless your name. Thank you Lord. Come and heavenly father take over even the rest of the service. And Lord that we'll be blessed. Oh father we'll be energized. We'll be king of glory met by you father speak to us in Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. I want us to collect our offerings this morning. Sister Grace ready. Amen. I don't know now what to do, but sister Grace was going to sing the song I wanted to sing. So I am wondering who should sing the song but I just believe it will be a blessing to us. Amen. Amen. Let's just maybe sing one short chorus here as we shall be waiting on the windows of heaven are open and the blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my altar garment. Oh, he gave me a robe of pure white. And I'm feasting today on the mana. And that's why I'm happy tonight. Oh, the windows, the windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling. The blessings are falling. Tonight there is joy. There's joy. Joy. There's joy in my life. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my alt. I gave him my old tart garment and he gave me a robe of pure wives. Oh, I am feasting today on the man [Music] and that's why I'm happy tonight. So as they will be singing, we shall be collecting our offerings. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. The longer we serve him, the sweeter he [Music] All that I love more love. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer rise of him, the sweeter he grows. The longer the longer I serve him, the sweet heels. [Applause] [Music] Each day like heaven my heart overflows the Lord the rise of the sweet [Music] I started for the king since my life he control [Music] since I gave my heart to Jesus the Lord that I serve him, the sweeter he grows, &gt;&gt; the longer the longer I serve him, &gt;&gt; the sweet The more that I love you, more heals. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The love rise of him. As sweet in her royto [Music] [Music] Every day my way gets brighter. [Applause] The longer I serve him, the sweeter heater [Music] heater, the more that I love you, more of the best each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. Each day is like heaven. My heart overflows. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. &gt;&gt; The longer I serve him, the longer I serve him. the sweeter he grows. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I will request brother Dismas to come and bless the offerings. The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows, the more that I love him, more love he bestows. Each day is like haven. [Music] My heart overflows. [Music] The longer I serve him, the sweeter he grows. Let's have ourselves and pray. Precious loving father, I want to thank you and appreciate you Lord for this great money that you have given up to us Lord. This time Lord we are thanking you for the offerings and tith that your children have brought into thy house Lord. It's a fulfillment your promise Lord and you say that you bring ters and offerings to your storehouse that there has to be food king of glory and that you shall open the windows of heaven for the blessings even father to your children till they can fail where to put it Lord Lord for we know that your word is sure and amen Lord you said you can't send your word and returns to you void minus fulfilling that for which it has been sent may you fulfill your word of promise in the lives of your children king of glory praise the press the works of their hands Lord. Press and let whoever that has put out something Lord for the sake of your ministry Lord get something in return according to your word. Blessed Lord and even them that have not been able Lord for you say that we shouldn't come to your house in empty hands Lord but we know that heavenly father you are the we are depending on you Lord. You are the one that provides for us Lord. Heavenly father may just also provide for each and everyone so that your word may be fulfilled. Lord we are sening ourselves unto you. Now we are waiting heavenly father for the spiritual food Lord that is being prepared. Lord may you bless each one of us so that at the end of the day we may go back and return home Lord with our hearts heavenly father Mary like the heavenly father them that way heaven father from Amos. We are thanking you and waiting upon you praying and thanking you in the precious name of Jesus Christ we pray and pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Dismas. Thank you. Amen. Let's get on our feet in the sweet by and by in Luganda. If you can get us the song there's a land that is fairer than day. Do you believe that? Can flash it for us in Luganda? [Music] Let's get started. The projection will find us there in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in that sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in that sweet in that sweet by and by we shall meet on that Beautiful shore. Oh, in that sweet by and by we shall meet on that view. There's a land that is fair. raise a land that is fairer than. [Music] Oh, and by faith we can see a father. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there in that sweet in that sweet by and by. We shall meet. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in that sweet by and by we shall be musicians that beautiful show. We shall sing. We shall sing on that beautiful show. [Music] Come and lord your songs of the bliss and the spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sight for the blessing of rest. In that sweet, in that sweet, my and [Music] we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in that sweet by and by we shall be on that hill. the last pass to our bountiful father to our bountiful. We will offer tributes of praise. We will offer tributes of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that are in that sweet in that sweet now by and by we shall meet on that Beautiful show [Music] in that sweet by and by for us we shall be on that beauty. Oh say [Music] sing [Music] the first bus and see oh Cable [Music] to [Music] take you for say July sing. [Music] [Music] Let's just keep on clapping our hands. I want to teach you a song. It says, "I am going home in the morning train." You can check it up. The evening train may be too late. So I want to go home in the morning train, not the evening train. And the song goes like this. Oh, I am going home in the morning train. I am going home in the morning train. The evening train may be too late. I am going home in the morning train. Simple song. Let's sing together now. I am going home in the morning train. Oh, I am going home in the morning train. Oh, the evening train might be too late. I am going home in the morning train. Now it's your turn to sing. Come on, sing. [Music] I'm going home. The evening train may be too late. I am going home in morning. One more time. The church alone. I'm going home. Oh, I'm going home. I don't want to go in the last rapture. I want to go in the first rapture, the evening train. It will be too late. I want to go home in the morning train. I am going home. Come on, musicians. Oh, swing low. Swing low. Sweet chariot. Sweet Chario. Oh, coming forth to carry me. Oh, sweet Lord, sweet charot, just coming for to carry me home. Swing lo sweet chariot. Oh, sweet chariot. I want to say like Elijah, like Elijah, send the chariots of fire to take me home. Swing Lord, oh sweet Charo. Oh, coming forth to carry me home. I looked over Jordan. I looked over Jordan. And what did I see? Oh, coming for to carry me. Oh, a band of angels, a band of angels coming after me. Oh, coming forth to carry with our hands now. Sweet Lord, sweet Lord, sweet charot, sweet char. Oh, coming forth to carry me. Oh, sweet Lord. Sweet char on coming for to carry me home. If you get there before I do. If you get there before I do. Oh, coming for to carry me. Oh, tell all my friends I'm coming to. Tell all my friends I am coming to. Oh, coming home to carry me home. Swing low, swing low, sweet charot, sweet char. Oh, coming forth to carry me home. Sweet Lord, sweet char on coming for to carry me home. We give him a hand of praise this morning. Swing low sweet chariot. Anytime the chariot can swing us out of here. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I feel like singing with you again as we welcome the ministry in that city where the lamp is the light. The city where there are cometh no night. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a country far beyond the starry sky. Oh, there's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. To that city, to that city where the lamb is the light. In that city, in that city where the lamb is the light. The city. The city where they come make known have a mansion there. Have a mansion. My theopan bodies there. Oh, I am going where the lamb is the lamb. Oh, here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright will be changed to clouds and rain until we go to that city. To that city where the lamb is the light in that city. That city [Music] Point [Music] In the city where the in the city in the city where the [Music] city where they come they Now I'm a free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is the lamb. &gt;&gt; In the city, &gt;&gt; the city where the lamb is the lamb. city where I go to now I have my free from to I am going &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What a blessed job we have this morning. Praise the name of our Lord. We are going to a city where there is no night. There is no scare of the night. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. When the saints go. Praise the name of our Lord. I am a free stranger wandering through this world of sea. [Music] On my way to dark city when the s go. [Music] Oh when the s might Oh when the s [Applause] [Music] Oh lord I want to be the ground when the s maring. For all I know, I'll save my savior. If my life is free for singing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, when the saints Oh, when the soul maring. Oh, when I s Oh Lord, I want to be the number when the s when the gather around the throne and I close with the name. I'll be shouting. &gt;&gt; Glory. Glory. Oh, &gt;&gt; when the saint might. &gt;&gt; Oh, when the s &gt;&gt; Oh, when the s &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh hallelujah. When the saint go all I want to be when the saints go my I am waiting glory for the child to Window and I'll stay on the clouds. I'll ride you. &gt;&gt; When I say maring, &gt;&gt; oh when maring. &gt;&gt; Oh maring. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Open the s. Oh Lord, I want to be the th. &gt;&gt; Oh when the &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; maring. &gt;&gt; Oh margin. Oh, when the s when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in the now with the s. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just give a hand of praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we are grateful this morning to sing that time heavenly father when the saints go marching in the land that you prepared for us. Oh, we are grateful heavenly father that already our souls have been redeemed. We are waiting for the redemption of our bodies. They change from the motor to mortality where we shall have a no more pain, no more sorrow, no more death, no more sickness, no more fear. What a day that will be. We are thankful this morning that you've given us such a hope. Regardless of the things we go through, regardless of what the devil wants, We are more than we come this morning. We worship you heavenly father. Thou is said in your word desire us to worship in the spirit and the truth and we appreciate you father. Your holy spirit is already in our ministry and we thank you for rejoicing that has come down in our hearts. Lord even as we open our hearts You come and speak to our hearts father of eternal life. You encourage us, strengthen us, you may reprove us and Lord, you may guide us far the path that we have to take. We thank you for this day heavenly father. We even commit our brother into your hands of healing may touch him. Make him whole heavenly father. Pray for the meetings in May. We brother as a minister father meeting through the course of the week upon them speaking to your children how we glorify holy name we magnify holy name bless us all together father manifest yourself in our ministry deliver heavenly These are bound in different fill your children with your holy spirit that all together we may receive from you lord what we have need of expecting you heavenly father bless us even this day thank you lord in the name of the lord we pray and ask this amen you may be seated I greet in the name of our lord Jesus Christ It's a good morning to be back here. Praise the name of our Lord. Also want to appreciate those who attended overnight. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord and just keep on encouraging us that you know we continue taking opportunity all the time when the church doors are open. Praise the name of God. So brother Wilfred is not around. He was admitted in hospital last evening. He was vomiting blood. But I called the wife this morning said that when he was not only vomited once but doing better this morning. So we just keep on praying for them as well as extending our hand of support. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Our pastor is not around today. He went to Mayuk &gt;&gt; where he took brother Franklin. &gt;&gt; You'll be preaching in the whole day. Then tomorrow morning. They all traveling to Calvary. So just keep him in your prayers. They going to have a whole week meetings in just keep them in our prayers. Praise the name of our Lord. Do &gt;&gt; we have any person coming here for the first time? Please raise up your hands. You're welcome. Praise the name of our Lord. So today we are going to have an afternoon service for all the youth, those in school, those out of school and even those who are married. But they they are youth. Praise the name of our Lord. And then now starting from September, we are going to separate these two. Praise the name of our Lord. Now I've been receiving quite a number of concerns saying that you know how can you share things of married people as youth? with these in school. Praise the name of our Lord. So we are going to separate that. Praise the name of our Lord. And that I'm thinking in the middle of the month we meet the youth in school. That's the second service which will be in the afternoon. And then we can talk about school things. Praise the name of our Lord. Breathing hard at school, you know, being parents, doing housework at home, all that may be necessary. And then at the end of the month, we meet those who have finished school and those who have just married. And then we talk about How can I get into marriage? And then if I'm married, how can I keep my love burning? Praise the name of Lord. And then we talk on that kind of level. Praise the name of Allah. But we are meeting all but coming month we shall do the separation of the classes that the lord can guide us how we can be able to be of help to one another praise the name of our lord I don't know if there is a song today there is nothing praise the name of our lord so I think we can proceed Praise the name of our Lord. I request that we stand up and then go to our Bibles. Before we read it, let's pray again. Father, we thank you for this morning. We give praise and honor to your name. now commit the reading of the word into your hands, praying that you may reveal yourself to us and show us the path that we have to take. Bless us in such a special father. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. Perhaps I'd forgotten to make this. Next Sunday will be the first Sunday of the month. So we shall have the Lord's supper that is on 7th 7th of September. We shall have the Lord's supper. So that's next Sunday. So come prepared for two services and then the Lord's supper. I don't know what the Lord will put on my heart preach but I felt maybe coming down to preach about The why we all need to observe the Lord's supper. All of us when Peter was telling Jesus not me. Jesus said then if I don't worship you are not part of me. So we need to see that we partake of the Lord's supper as long as we have come for fellowship. If there is anything that hinders you, make it right before you come. Praise the name of our Lord. Make it right before you come. You know, people were not counted serious. Don't partake of the Lord. A widow was not counted worth to be held if she didn't wash other disciples feet. In the Exodus, whoever never took of the Lord's Passover was cut off. So why would you cut off yourself? Praise the name of our Lord. So let us go to our scripture reading in Genesis chapter 34 and then verse one to verse 7. The Bible says and dinner the daughter of Leia which she bare unto Jacob went out to see the daughters of the land. [Music] And when Sheckchham the son of Hammed the Heivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her and lay with her and defiled her. [Music] And she sp and Sheckchham spoke unto his father Hama saying, "Get me this damn cell to wife. Verse four. [Music] And Jacob heard that he had defiled dinner his daughter. Now his sons were with his cattle in the field. And Jacob held his peace until they were come. Navana bar and Hmed the father of Sheckchim went unto Jacob to commune with him. And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it. And the men were agrieved, and they were very wroth because he had wrought fully in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter, which thing ought not to be done. the blessing of his word. So my subject, praise the name of our Lord. I got this title several month ago. But he was waiting for the right time and I felt it was good to preach it in the holidays. I thought it was good to preach it in the holidays. So in verse one that's why we are taking our title seeing the daughters of the land. So our title is seeing the daughters of the land. How do they behave? How do they wear? How do they eat? What do they do? That was the problem of dinner. They were actually on their journey, you know, from where Jacob's father-in-law was and then they were going to the land of Canaan and then they reach a place which is called actually shaken and so when they were in this place so you find that dinner &gt;&gt; was the only daughter of Jacob. I believe she was so much love. You know, like when you are maybe the only daughter or the only son at home, you know, everybody's attention is on you. You are very precious. You know, until even some things they exclude you from doing them. They were esteemed higher than us. And this was dinner. And then his brother, our brothers would go down to take care of the animals. Maybe spend their two days for the whole week because you know pastor, you know, they keep on moving from one place to another looking for pasture. It's like if you follow that story, if you go backwards, you know, you'll find that you know like Joseph, he was sent by his father to his brethren to find how they doing coming with some things for them and then he reached a certain place and then he was asking those people have you seen the sons of Jacob and the person told him I heard them saying that they are going to a certain place because there was pasture and water. So then he continues walking long distances until when he met them. So now dinner here maybe her association was more with the parents. Now she has come to a land. There is a city around let me go and find out. The Bible says she went out to see the daughters of the land. She left her protection and then she went to the people of this the land. how they were behaving, how they were conducting themselves, how they were dressing themselves, you know, and then these things influenced her. But now the Bible says if she went to the to see the daughters of the lamb and you know the daughters of the land people who don't fear God people who behave any way they want to behave. People who speak anything they want to speak. People who do anything that they want to do. We are also living in the world and we live amongst the daughters of God. We live amongst them. Either they are our neighbors, either they are our colleagues at place of work, either we study with them at school, daughters of the land, but they don't have the same value. They don't have the same character. They don't have the same fear. They don't have the same aspiration that we have as children of the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. They have their cultures that they follow. They have their lifestyles that they follow. They have their fashions that they follow. They have their things that they call dear. They have people they look to maybe superstars, oh great influences, models, you know, all you know kind of different people and they draw their influence from the daughters of the land. We live amongst them. We work with them. We stud with them. We we are neighborhood to them. So now the danger that Dina did is she went out and then she absorbed the wrong influences. She looked unto the people of the land and then her mind was taken by what they do, how they behave themselves, how they handle their lifestyle. The daughters of the land, they don't care when they cut off their hair. When the Bible says it's not good for a woman to cut off her hair, they wear pants. You know when the Bible says it's an abomination for women to put on things that pertain to a man, they tattoo their bodies. You know all these things the Bible says they are wrong. They paint themselves. Praise the name of the Lord. Then you see sometimes you find green lips. Then you say it lives on the lips or what? Then sometimes red lips. Then you start wondering have they been leaking blood or what? Then black lips. Have they been licking charcoal or what? Then yellow lips. And then you start wondering &gt;&gt; then some eyelids. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then you get different colors. Some of them you get them painted like a cats. I start wondering what is this? And then others go to the hair and then they have different colors in the hair rainbow colors. Not natural at all. You know those days people had gray hair [Music] they would put I think is it can't or die? They just put something to make them die. But these days they make their hair white hair. I start wondering what's happening. The daughters of the land. So now saw the daughters of the land and they had no values. A society which doesn't have things they take as godly. And these are the communities that we live in. Maybe you are renting here. This where your home is and the next place is a lo and every evil thing just happens around you. Now God has given us the Holy Spirit to be in position to overcome all these negative influences. That's why it is important for each and every one of us to receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit because when the spirit of God is in you, the spirit of God will give you ability to overcome all negative influences. Praise the name of our Lord. Wherever they may be, whatever it may be, you have the Holy Spirit in position to overcome all those things. Praise the name of our Lord. So now when dinner went to this place, the Bible says and she who was the prince you know the son of Hammer &gt;&gt; the heite the prince of the country saw her. And when he saw her because they they had they have no values and now as a prince of that country any woman you see you just take. So when he saw dinner the Bible says he took her and lay with her and defiled her. [Music] defiled her or we can say raped her. And this is what happens when you go out to see the daughters of the land to the daughters of the land. The rich man to come and say, "I love you. This rich man loves me. &gt;&gt; She doesn't care anything. She just goes. That was the same thing here. The daughters of the land were telling dinner. Ah, now you're going to become the queen. [Music] If it was me, an opportunity of God, daughters of the land, And so the daughters of land can start teaching you their manners of life. Don't you see that you look beautiful? This dress brings you out well. The figure comes out well. They teaching you their ways of he also behave like you come and we go the other side. Daughters of the land, they influence you because that's part of them. I'm tired of you with your dresses. You don't want to wear some trous and you look well. You don't want to be daughters of the land drawing you to the things that they do. That's why I was being subjected now to shake him say this an opportunity and these are the people who came with Jacob. Ah, this one I believe is good. And now the struggle we have today. Elderly men, they want young girls. You know those young ones are not sick. Now they come and give you maybe a million shillings. I have never even received a million. And these young girls or young women, they are not afraid of any disease. What they afraid of is pregnancy. Because pregnancy, everybody will know what happened. And then now we have scenarios even in churches. Sir, &gt;&gt; a sister is not married, &gt;&gt; but she's on family planning planning for what? &gt;&gt; You don't have a husband. &gt;&gt; And then you go into family planning planning. &gt;&gt; There's something wrong there. Daughters of the land. And some of them when they marry they want to give excuses let us not produce children &gt;&gt; but covering up some family planning things and then you get troubles you know they they are just used to the way of the daughters of the lamb now to shake him like the men of the world. How would you take a wife whom you have never going to her? You don't know her. &gt;&gt; That was shaken. He got her, lay with her, smiled with her. Then the things you should have done first. Now he starts trying to work. And then there are people doing the same thing. They not married but they living with one another and then now they come to try to cover up. Now what are we going to do? Shake him. So the Bible says he took her and with her with her. Then verse three says and he sle to dinner. the daughter of Jacob and he loved the dam kindly unto the dam. I want her to be my wife. The things he should have done first, he's doing them last. We get many young people trapped in this kind of when they at maybe university you know there is a lot of pressure like I remember when I was also still there and then you know colleagues would come and say you know you don't leave the university before you get somebody you're going to marry. So they were trying to pair up, pair up, but it's a mindset that people have got. I think this one can be, this one can be, this one can be. But that's not the way they do things. Praise the name of the Lord. But this is the mind that has taken people. And then somebody will say, but how do you just get to yourself to that person? Have you ever slept with them? No, you are foolish. &gt;&gt; Shake them. &gt;&gt; And that's the mind of the world. People don't care what they do. Like you go most of these places, youth centers. I don't know where the youth center of Ginger is, but we have youth center here and other places. Then there you will find youth centers. There is always a family planning unit there. Now family for a youth, not married, then you know where they are going. Pills, &gt;&gt; condoms, condoms. And he said please walk with them have them. We have this injectable this one here. Somebody is a youth not married and he knows all those kind of world daughters of the land. That's how they do. That's how they behave. And now they bring it to you. It's a good plan. Fornicating is not a problem. You know, they they try to say that but I I'll handle if that one is not a problem. Daughters of the land. But now the Bible says he did fall in Israel. And the Bible says he did things that he should not. And you can't if you sleep with a man or a boy or a girl, a woman that is not your wife, you are not married to him, is wickedness before God. Praise the name of our Lord. But you see, we have exposed ourselves to so many things of the world until the pressure to fornicate. You get young men all the time. They want to look at naked women. You get that spirits of the world. &gt;&gt; And maybe sometimes they either go to a place where they can go and have that to them. And now we have phones. Everything that is on the phone. And so your child, maybe your son, or your daughter, they are hiding somewhere, maybe in their bedroom or in their free time somewhere. All the time consuming that things all the time consuming that thing. They even know where to buy them from. They know very smart. The world has so much gone to influence them. You know that they can know every detail. They start wondering seeing the daughters of the land because they don't have any values. So then they used to this kind of things and then for you when you amongst them they will start a vulgar talk like boys or young men. talk about women. Then you go to girls or women, talk about men, this gossip, the other gossip, gossip, she has got this person. But if me had that one, I think I'll be well. How about your other one? No. You know that kind of gossip. And then some of them have not only one but three, four. Like the things we read in newspapers, university students getting marks just because they sleep with their lecturers and they get marks and they pass. Then others maintaining their jobs because they have slept with a boss. Those kind of things very rampant. Very common. That's the world we are living in. That's why you need to see the to get the baptism of the Holy Spirit to resist the pressures of today because they are everywhere. The pressures are high. And these people have enticement like maybe when you are in some of these places where you reside in your host or colleges, you get your roommate. He's having this big screen. He's having this kind of iPhone. Where do you get them from? You come, I show you. There are people who put in her and she's already defiled. And now people look at these things and value them more than their lives. That's the world we're living in. Like some of these universities, you get most of the professor students. just selling themselves over the weekend and these this these people who are rich knowh the university students you give them this and you finish daughters of the land so wicked so immoral you know and then for you those are your close pray. Whatever they say, you just take it up. Wherever they want you to go, you also go because they have an expensive handbag. Now for you maybe is almost torn or is just locally made. Now you look at that person also a sheep following a goat and those gods are smart they know what to do at a particular time ship when you go once this is what is happening you don't The Bible tells us don't be equally yolked many believers for them. They are in their world they have gone into the depth of wickedness. So when they tell you something to them it is something small. Why are you crying? He has not given you money. You have got the money. Why are you conscious is seared with a hot iron. So she doesn't care having the other one the other side having the other on the other side breaking this marriage making this fight one another they are demon possessed can be like a demon you know demons want you to do wrong and then they come aside and start laughing that's what they are daughters of the land wicked and Now you bring this to be your influence or sometimes people are married and then they want to go to people whose marriages have failed to be your counselors. What are they going to cancel you to break your home? That is what is happening. And then they are going to put on some radio program where they are speaking lies and then they want to take that cancel from the radio. &gt;&gt; I don't know what's happening these days or which film they like most. I don't know. America. I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. And then they want to get those characters to be their source of influence seeing the daughters of the land. Now &gt;&gt; anything let us go and pick this scripture in verse 26 that's Genesis 34:26 and they threw hammer and Sheckchim his son with the edge of the sword and took dinner out of Sheckchham's house and went out and the sons of Jacob came upon the the slain and spoiled the city because they had defiled their sister. [Music] Now you can imagine they had not given dinner into marriage but She's already living in Shakam's house. And many people are in those kind of situations. Just get a young man and then you just go, pack your things, go into his house or maybe a young woman get into her house. Now the question is, who gave you? Is it the street where you met her which gave you [Music] or the place of work which gave you because daughters are given in marriage and it is their parents who give the daughters into marriage not starting the other way around. No. Daughters are given in marriage and our sisters who are here. Make sure you don't go with any man if not given if they have not given you to that and make sure you don't sleep with any man until you are rightly married. That should be your purpose in your heart. And when you have that purpose in your heart, God will always give you grace to overcome the temptation that come. You must also resolve in your heart to behave like the rest of the girls because I lack this you will pay my school fees. Now you are giving your body because of school fees. How many is it doing the same thing? So you don't try to get yourself lowered. [Music] Do something wrong. Value yourself. Hold your integrity. I cannot sleep with a man unless I'm rightly married. You must resolve to keep yourself pure and not like the daughters of the land. For the daughters of the land, that is a game. Ah, this weekend I'm going to go to this place. I'm going to find out how these are. So when that is over, I think let me try another it is part of their life. as children of God. That is not our world. That's not that's not how we marry. That's not how we find out how men they are. Do that. Even brothers, you know, you don't start saying, "Let me check this one first." When you finish her, you put her aside, then you go to another. And some of them are serpents. The serpent will always come to you in the unguarded moment. You know I'm also brother why don't you come to ginger where we can meet at dat then you see you know they have good boat there is a brother serpent serpent &gt;&gt; and then there are those serpent when you say I'm going to ask the pastor You mean you not mature enough to Are you still a young guy? So they defile this one and their mission is just to sleeping off. I don't know why that girl is but he knows what he has done to her. Then he goes to another same thing then another same thing then another same thing serpents. So you need to see that you watch this wicked spirit. See that you know any step you are going to take you are protected when you talk about it to others. Talk to your parents about I don't know why this brother does this. Are you sure? I don't know why this one does this. And now those people who are fear to be exposed know there is something wrong with them. They want to press you there in secret. By the time you mention it's finished, done deal. Are you going to force him to take you? No. &gt;&gt; But he has finished what he wanted. The daughters of the land because Satan is so cheeky. He will come maybe look at where your weakness is and then he says, "Ah, she doesn't have this. The parents pay school fees but they don't give enough pocket money. Then he comes there to be uncle just to supply. Now when they when he comes at your host ah this is my uncle but has happened. Then your friend when you get from home your uncle comes here. They get uncles. &gt;&gt; They get aunts and they have people just kind of meet their needs. You eat the devil's money. There is something is after you. And if you don't meet what they telling you to do, they rather put you broadcast. That's what the devil does. He doesn't give for free. Then you get yourself fully exposed because they have nothing to fear. They have nothing to lose. Now for you, you'll get yourself in that kind of mess and then you try to do damage control, but you've been pierced terrible. So be careful. These spirits keep around. Resolve yourself not to defile yourself. Whether you at a college, whether you at a university or you at a place of work, not to defile you. Praise the name of God. Don't allow to go with those people. Don't somebody's interested in marriage. You know how to do it to the pastor. Your parents if they can't stand that they are not worth they are not worth. Praise the name of Allah. Don't be like Dina loves me. Defiled her &gt;&gt; and then she kind of comes back to do trouble. Trouble kind of you know and then you know you need also to know spirits of fornication and adultery they are with spirits of murder. They are following the spirits of murder. He and she did it and the whole men of the city were killed. Why? fornication. [Music] &gt;&gt; They have followed &gt;&gt; when when Ammon &gt;&gt; defiled Tamar Amn was killed they follow. you are in a dangerous ground to do into those kind of like I remember I think about 30 years ago most of them most of that was in the '9s they used to kill a lot of students of the university girls of the university they have shot this one but the whole thing comes back to that paid her fees. Now when she's finishing, she's going with another person. Says, "We can't I can't lose." Kills her. &gt;&gt; Dangerous grounds. So see that you don't get into the hands of Satan. Don't go and do things the way the daughters of land do. So the the children of Jacob, they came upon a city boldly and killed all the men. And then they said to their father, why should he deal with our sister as a hallot? Verse 31. Now, you are not meant to play a harot. When you're in your father's house, you sleep with a man who is not your husband. When you're not married, you are playing a harot. That's what the scripture is saying here. Why should we she deal with our sister? [Music] That's the one they have not given. I've got this. I'm also giving out my body. &gt;&gt; That's hallow tree. Now in Deuteronomy chapter 22 and verse 13 to verse 14, he says, "If any man take a wife and go in unto her and hate her and give occasions of speech against her and bring up an evil name upon her, and say, I took this woman. And when I came to her, I found her not a maid. [Music] Now marriage in the scriptures was for virgins. Virgins. And then there are some people who consult themselves. They are not virgins. Now they already confessing to you. &gt;&gt; I'm not a virgin but they are. &gt;&gt; No I'm saying they are virgins. Now if for you are not one doesn't mean others are not. So now they console themselves. Where are you going to get a virgin? &gt;&gt; God has always got a he retains those who are faithful in his word. &gt;&gt; When there was a lot of idol worship in Israel, the prophet was saying, "I'm the only one left." God said, "No, I am 7,000. Praise the name of our Lord. There are those who keep the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Because once God says it, there are those people God has ordained to keep his word. And God knows where they are. Praise the name of. So if you want one God has kept, you ask him, God, I want this one. Praise the name. Not a consolation. So now when a man found a wife was not a virgin, he had to go to the parents. right now when you continue reading that scripture that's why let us go and pick it in Matthew chapter 19 Matthew chapter 19 then verse 9 the Bible says and I say unto you whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, [Music] and shall marry another committeth adultery. And so marries that that is put away commits adultery. Now they are looking at fornication. But this parade married. So when did what is fornication? Fornication is an act when one is not married. Adulter is an act when somebody is married. So then he says the reason of divorcing a wife is in case she fornicated before she met you. That's why Praise the name of the Lord. When somebody takes interest in you and is serious, &gt;&gt; it's good to confess it &gt;&gt; to that person say that there is no time in future you fornicated. But I told you now. Praise the name of Allah. Also, it's because I fornicated. I don't have to tell everybody that I fornicated. Tell the person who is wife who is serious. Sister, how are you standing? You may not be worth that talk. Sister refused to tell me. Are you really serious? There are some of those kind of that's not right. No, that's not right. &gt;&gt; I didn't because the respect and guility and actually it's the fear of God when one confesses that shows they fear God. Praise the name of the Lord. So now one has to confess I'm not a virgin. Now don't ask now who did you go with? Why did you go with him? You know but there are some who want to get the story right. What age were you when you did that? &gt;&gt; Where were you? You don't do those kind of things. &gt;&gt; Let us go back to our story. They told me chapter 22 and then verse 20. The Bible says, &gt;&gt; "But if the thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not formed for the dam cell, then they shall bring out the dame cell to the door of her father's house, and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she died, because she has wrought for in Israel to play the war in her father's house. So shalt thou put evil away from among you. for Israel. Now it says she played a war a harot my father's house so you should take it serious I should not behave like the daughters of the land. The daughters of the land, they do these things and they don't care. Don't behave like the daughters of the land for them. They don't care. Doesn't care how many times, how many they have care. That's their life. Praise the name of the Lord. That's their life. It matters a lot to God how you live your life. It matters a lot to brother. You can imagine he was still young. But then the angel told him, "Don't defile yourself. Don't smoke. Don't drink." You should do the same thing also. I'm not going to defile myself. I'm not going to sleep with anyone. I'm not going to sleep with any man until I get the right husband. You resolve as a young woman as a young woman. I'm not going to mess up my life. I'm not going to behave like the daughters of the land. I'm not going to behave like the sons of the land. To them, they can do anything. They can speak anything. I don't care what they do. I'm a child of God. Praise the name of God. You need to resolve that in your life. I'm not going to mess up my life. I'm keeping my body pure for my future husband, my future wife, and I'm not going to mess up myself. Praise the name of some of those scenarios. You know, when a brother has already convinced a sister sister for you are mine. They have not given her to you. Praise the name of the Lord. They have not yet given her to you. Wait until you are blessed in church and they declare husband and wife. There you are free. But before that you are not free. Praise the name of the Lord. So you have to be careful how you associate with everyone knows that this one is mine. There was a scenario certain brother was talking to a certain sister. Not really not really serious. They were all in school and then this one because he knows this one is mine. When another goes to attack then the girl puts noise. Ah this one is disturbing me but the other one is not disturbing them. But they are students just this kind of useful kind of funny. That's not right. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And we encourage people to think of marriage when you are done with your school. &gt;&gt; You know, you in school for 3 years, your college or university, 3 years, four years, 5 years. Why don't you finish that? Why don't you put all your mind on that? Your parents are paying school. Concentrate on that and finish and then when you finish that just when you can think about other is going to affect your performance and the quality of paper you're going to come up with. You will be not good enough. But yet the paper you worked for 3 years, four years can affect the rest of your life. You're not getting good job opportunities because you didn't pass away. But yet the thing of marriage is until death. Then why are you running into it when you're not ready? Finish one thing at a time. When you're in school, business of school, it's until you finish school about marriage. Even our brothers should be respectful. You know the sister is at school. Why don't you be patient? Why do you want to go first booking? &gt;&gt; And being fast is not the one who takes. So don't again start complaining. I used to send pocket money. Who told you? I used to do V station when the parents didn't come. Even when the host was not there, I used to pay her host. That's a risky venture. So you don't start coming around. You don't. There was a scenario which I was told in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe. These brothers got themselves through some kind of business scheme. It was related with something either around marriage or whatever and then the other people relocated to another country. Now the thing backfires and now they come to the pastor. But when you started you didn't come to the pastor. Now you want him to do what possible. Now my business collapse. All my capital went to her. There was a court case here in Uganda. There was a court case here in Uganda. I think the man was in UK. The woman was in Uganda &gt;&gt; and they started on those areas of relationship. The other one kept on sending money to invest and the woman was smart. Got the money did what she did but the papers were not in the other money. The investment has reached somewhere says we interested in you. The man goes to the court, you know, I put in this and then the judge said, "I was under love. You don't demand those things." Now, that sister did this to me, whatever happened there, forgive aside, move forward. You know people get themselves into those kind of messes. I did this. I did this. That mean that if you married her you would start telling her it. Don't get yourself into relationship relationship when it's not time and it's not going fast. It's me who went fast who came recently is wrong. &gt;&gt; It is not going fast. Praise the name of you know when you get into those areas they are mind troubling. That's why you shouldn't do them when you're in school. Don't do them when you're in school. Any relationship, start them after school. Praise the name of Lord. So let us get into another scripture. Here we go to numbers 30. And then verse one, &gt;&gt; and Moses spoke unto the heads of the tribes of concerning the children of Israel, saying, "This is the thing which the Lord has commanded. If a man make a vow unto the Lord or swear an oath to bind his soul with a b, he shall not break his word. He shall do according to all that proceeds out of his mouth. [Music] If a woman also v a vo unto the Lord, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father's house, in her youth, and her father hear her vo, and her bond wherewith she has bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her, then all her vo shall stand, and even every bone wherewith she has bound her soul shall stand. But if her father disallow her in the day that heareth, not any of her voice or her bones wherewith she has bowed herself shall stand, and the Lord shall forgive her because her father disallowed her. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! [Music] forch. Now the B the Bible says &gt;&gt; the father &gt;&gt; has a right &gt;&gt; to anal you've made as a young woman &gt;&gt; to to to anal to disallow That's why if you are not married, you are in your father's house. He's concerned about you. So he's the one to give you in marriage. Praise the name of our Lord. And as a young woman, you should be happy to sit your parents who are giving you into marriage. not your place of work. You get a man at place of work. Who gave you the man? your neighbor, &gt;&gt; the father is given this responsibility to give the daughter into marriage. And that's why it is important. If somebody is interested in you, make it known to your parents. If your parents have raised you, they have raised you up to that level, why wouldn't you trust your parents to help you in making decision of marriage? Why? Of course, I know there are parents who would want to force or maybe unless you go with this tribe, unless you go with this religion. So it should not be that I'm now because of this I'm going to do this. Approach it respectfully. Praise the name of God. Approach it respectfully. So a father would announce the daughter's war. I'm going with this man said no Bible allows it here the Bible allows it that's why when you are coming into issues of marriage there's an aspect of good faith you have done it in good faith you are not marrying because you are hiding some things behind Don't tell you not good fight or you have some sickness. Then you you even go and bribe the medical people, the laboratory. That's not in good faith. So it should be done in good faith. Praise the name of make it known to the other person. Why would you want that person to discover after some time? Then you'll bleach your trust and everything will be suspicious. It's just like people who sleep with one another before they are married. Just like people who sleep with one another before they are married, they will never have trust in their home. When the other one goes the other side, I know my husband no trust because you couldn't wait. So each of you doesn't trust the other. When your wife gets a job, you won't put spies at place of work because you don't trust. You know what you did to her so others can do the same thing. So there's no trust. So don't do those kind of things until you are married. I feel like shaking then I go back to the parish. &gt;&gt; Let me first &gt;&gt; do the right things first. Praise the name of And then you have that trust for one another, confidence. You know, even if I'm away for a whole month, my husband will not go with another person. my wife will not go with another person. But because you waited on one another, you built that trust. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So we need to see that we don't go after the way the world does their things. You know the world they do their evil things and they don't care because they are under that kind of situation. And so they want you to get trapped into them. Let us go to numbers chapter 25 and then verse one. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says and Israel abode in the people began to commit wardom with daughters of Moab. What happened? They were there and then these girls of Moab, they knew how to strip themselves, stripping themselves, fashion show painting themselves. And then there are some people they want to marry after people now to strip themselves. You know I was say I was not now to dress well but tight clothes and the whole body is visible. Daughters of Moab stripped themselves and then they came to dances. Then the the Jews were looking at her looks at the wife said, &gt;&gt; looks at the other one and the Bible say they burnt with lust. It was it was a party everything as we have. You're the one who has gone. You're the one who has gone there. just funny funny places. &gt;&gt; So the Bible says they called the people to the sacrifices of their gods and the people did eat and bow down to their gods. Now these people have no shame. These things they have been doing them over and over now you are seeing it for the first time. &gt;&gt; You think that is so bad? Those are the daughters of the used to put on a se. Why do you go under the daughters of the land? For them, they used to dress until they press their breasts up and they come out until they want to breastfeed everybody. And you want to be like the daughters of the land. This is a new style. They are daughters of the land. They know how to dress and they put on sleeveless expose their nerves their back and some of them use damage. They put on damage and they know where to put it. And as long as you somebody with a damage, your brain is also damaged and you go with a damaged brain, you must also be damaged. Daughters of the land, you know, they don't care. So the children of Israel, so these children of Moab, they don't care how they dance. They don't care how they sit. They don't care how they behave. They don't care what they do. They don't care how many men they go out with. Daughters of the land. So we need to be careful with the daughters of the land. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the days of Noah in Genesis chapter 6, let us go and read that scripture. I have pretty a lot but I don't think I can cover them because we've only gone 20%. Genesis chapter 6 and then verse one. And it came to pass when the men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and the daughters were born unto them, &gt;&gt; that the sons of God saw that the daughters of men that were a fair, and they took unto them wives, all of which they chose. Now see where all these scenarios keep on coming saw the daughters of the land she was taken into destruction. Then here the sons of God. Now the sons of God these are actually They were the descendants from Adam and S. They were the because Adam was the son of God. So Adam being the son of God. So his generation were the children of God. Now the daughters of men, they were the descendants of Cain. You get it? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So it's not that the sons of God were fallen angels. It's not so. Praise the name of our Lord. The sons of God were coming from Adam. And you know they had a different place where they were living because when Cain fell, he went to the east. And there he started this civilization. Adam remained this particular place. And with his children, sons and daughters of God. And when the people multiply, the civilization, the people are now getting closer to one another. And now the sons of God raised in the fear of God. And the people increased, they started discovering other people. You mean you can change your skin? Me, I'm tired of being dark. You know, you come, we have we have chemicals, but there are those which doesn't work. He has maps on the face. when they saw said hey you know the daughters of men can do anything one day I was in town and then I was getting some clothes for the children then I saw something said what is this is a bomb said, &gt;&gt; I got shocked. &gt;&gt; They don't care. They put them on. Put them on to seduce, daughters of the land, daughters of men. &gt;&gt; They know the world better. You can't be smarter than them. They know it better. There was a case, I think it was in Morocco, or Tunisia. A man went and got a woman, married her and now spent I think was it either something like either $10,000 or10,000 some money. Now, after 3 days after the wedding, He sees somebody in his house and thought he was a thief to come to realize it is his wife he had just but she had put too much makeup when he saw the real wife said you me took her to court for pretending to be what she's not makeup make up daughters of the land. So now when the sons of God saw men were fair, they took them to themselves wives wives and then it brought destruction. So we need to be careful about the way the world does their thing. We are children of the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. This is the way God expects us to behave. Why would you put on tight clothing? Why would you be seductive before men? Why don't you be, you know, dress well with respect of your body. Now let us spend some time on seeing before we close. Now the Bible says that the sons of God saw this seeing was dangerous. Dangerous scene just the same thing like in Genesis chapter 3 and verse 6. And when the woman is saw dangerous scene because the tree was always there but she had not taken this new knowledge. She had not taken an understanding. So she was attracted. She was taken you know by some kind of you know desire. And this is what the devil does. When the sons of God saw, they had a different scene. They see that God sees them. When God saw the daughters of men, he was seeing them as the serpent. But now when the sons of God saw the the daughters of men, they saw them as equal to be wives. Where the danger is. When you look at the world, what do you see? What understanding do you perceive in this world? Do you take the understanding of the world which is under destruction? Do you take the understanding of God to know that these people in their condition they need to be changed? Praise the name of our Lord. You don't just get a woman outside, then just bring in her in just marry her when she's not converted. You are seeing like the sons of God. You need to see the way God sees them. Praise the name of our need to be daughters of God before you can take them as your wife. Praise the name of our Lord. You need to look at things. The way God looks at them such that you know this man has a curse on him. This woman has a curse on him. The curse of sin because they have never repented and don't just bring them inside. Make up their repentance. What happened? I was there and I used to listen to this program. You come to be saved. [Music] Preach, marry, convert. [Music] They have a curse. So you need to tell them first have the curse removed by the blood of Jesus. Praise the name of And then you don't go to somebody to preach to them because you want to marry them. That's a wrong spirit. You are doing like the sons of God to the daughters of men. Praise the name of our Lord. So we should not do those kind of things. Somebody should be converted. Somebody should see that you know they have come under the change in their lives. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; We need to see that we get the people who have already been delivered from the curse of sin. Not somebody under the curse. They have no fear of God. They do things the way they want to do them. Praise the name of our Lord. But we need to see that we do things under the fear of God. Let us go to Revelation 17. [Music] They also daughters in Revelation 17. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says, &gt;&gt; "And there came one of the seven angels, which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, come hither, I'll show unto thee the judgment of the great war that siteth upon many waters. [Music] Now she was a great war and she had daughters, daughters of the Lord. The Bible says in verse 5, "And upon her forehead was name written, mystery Babylon the great, the mother of hallots and abominations of the earth. [Music] religious systems and then you go to their fellowships and you want to behave the way they came, daughters of the land. But God has given us a message which puts the standard of what we have to follow. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we stay with the message. Take it. Let it influence your life. Let it influence your way you serve God. How you worship God. How you live your life. how you live in your family, how you do your work. Let us have the message take total inflow, not the daughters of the land, the denominational systems of the world because they are under judgment. They rejected the leadership of the Holy Spirit. They reject the leadership of the message of under judgment. Why would you fall down with it? Why would you want to get their influence? Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, the God of this evil age in paragraph 18. Notice the sons of God saw the daughters of men, not the daughters of God, the daughters of men, that they were beautiful. And it caused the sons of God to fall into this delusion and took them kind of women and married them. And it brought an age of prostitution, just like it is today, like it was in Sodom, like it is predicted to be today. Now these are things which happen in the world. These people don't care what they do and then brother Brandham was talking about here. How men and women of this day they swap wives and they don't care. And then he says if they don't like this wife, they go over to Reno or Nevada and get married or get a divorce. And that one and marry again 15 minutes when he finds this one is not suitable. And women so pretty that they are almost irresistible. And as it is, the devil sees Satan still in beauty. &gt;&gt; Notice that sin was never forgiven them. And that's what the devil does. Now we can draw your attention. Something he knows is evil. When Balam when he saw God could not cast the children of Israel, he led wild here. Let us send our beautiful girls there. &gt;&gt; And now to use beautiful women to get information from senior army officers to use them. Those who are given to be used to use them. The other one is just a tool in the devil's hand. Doesn't care how she dresses. doesn't care what game she does as long as she gets what she wants. Like, if you love me, tell me this. Love me, tell me this. Until the Bible say, Samson's heart was so burdened and the only solution is to release the secret. But he was entangled with an evil woman. Let us not be entangled with the systems of the world. Don't go to see the daughters of the life and then they influence you. They influence your thinking. They influence your conduct. They influence your everything about the way they behave. They don't care how they treat their husband. I will leave him and get another one. You know, there's that funny song. You know, they say, "Why do you mar an old man? I I'll I'll divorce him and get another. They don't care. As long as the old man has money, sugar daddy will find my capital for the shop. Work on yourself. Dump the old man with the one you want. You can twist around. That's how the world does things. But we are not of the world. Praise the name of our Lord. We are children of God. There is a way we are meant to behave as children of God. Don't be equally yolked with unbelief. Don't be taken by the influences of this world. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't be taken by the things you just see and then you make a fast decision. Pray about every decision in your life. Pray to the Lord. Praise the name over and make sure that the devil doesn't trap you into something because the devil is smart. Like the way the woman had to get Joseph's shirt and then used the shirt as evidence. She was the one forcing him. But she said he was forcing me. Who would now defend Joseph? who would defend Joseph? And these are the systems we live under. So you need to be careful. Why would you stand with a woman alone in a place alone? What are you doing there? Praise the name of you know this one is this and this and this. Avoid suspicious places. Avoid suspicious people. Praise the name of our Lord. See that you live a life that is above reproach. Praise the name of our Lord. Anything that they may want to put on you, praise the name of our Lord. Let us jump there. Paragraph 21. says notice it was not like that God would interpret his word to Ken's evil generation. God would not interpret his word to them. God the knowledge to make a world so pretty and scientific sinful [Music] he had to destroy it. Would God do that to make a world so pretty? God making his daughters so pretty and dressed them so sexy and his sons would last after them and would commit adultery. God to do such a thing, you know. So we need to be conscious as a daughter of God, I should not behave like the daughters of the lamb. As a daughter of God, I don't behave like the daughters of men. Praise the name of God. See that you live a life that is upright in the fear of God, patiently waiting upon God. And don't allow to be defiled like dinner. She went out. She lost her protection with her parents. She was secure. Praise the name of And that's the same thing now with you. Keep in the circles of message believers. Why would you trust a friend who is not not a believer and then they get you into things which are not right. Praise the name of see that you don't allow the devil to take you aside and then stifles you there. not coming to church, you're not participating in the activities of the church. But there are other things where you are very active in the things of the king. You are not there. Take interest in the things of the king. That is how you find the favor of God. The name of we should not go out and see the daughters of the land. We live amongst them. We work with them but we are of a different world. Let us finish with John chapter 17 &gt;&gt; and then verse 11. &gt;&gt; And now I am no more in the world but these are in the world and I come to thee holy father keep through thy own name those whom thou hast given me that they may be one as we are one. John 17:11 So he says, "Keep them through thy name." Praise the name of our Lord and the name of the Lord. is a strong and mighty tower. The righteous run into praise the name of when the devil comes around you find you are completely held up somewhere. Call upon the name of the Lord. Praise the name of God. You know, just like when they tell people that if you get yourself that you in a dangerous point, maybe they are robbers or is a rapist. They say that you that's one of the tricks they say please make a noise. Call upon the name of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. You are caught up in action you don't understand. Call upon the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. And then he says in verse 12, &gt;&gt; "While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of pition that the scripture might be fulfilled. So he says we are in the world but what keeps us is the name of the Lord. But then he says, "And now I come to thee, and these things have I I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. [Music] Now in the message of his chosen place of worship, God the place he has chosen to worship is the place he has blessed his name. That's why we are meant to worship God. And that place is the Lord Jesus Christ and that place is the word of God. So you need to be kept by the word of God. Hold yourself to the word of God. Let the word of God be so dear to you. The word says this. It doesn't matter how foolish it may be according to the world. That's your protection. Praise the name of do what the word of God saying. It may be an old kind of way. dressing, putting on long dresses. I say that's like an old woman, but that's the way of the Lord. It's your protection. Be obedient to the word of God. Put on good dresses. Not only put on good dresses when you're coming to church, even at your place of work. Praise the name of our Lord. In some of those urban places, when you go to the places during weekdays, the sisters have a particular dress for work, tight things, be fashionable. Now that's work. I have clothes for church also. So you conduct different When you at work, you behave like the daughters of the land. When you at church, you want to pretend to be a daughter of God. You need to be changed. Praise the name of the Lord. You need to be a daughter of God filled with the Holy Spirit. When I'm at work, I'm not as the daughters of the Lord, but I'm the daughter of God. until when they will look at me, they will look at me as a different person. Praise the name of our Lord. Respectful. Even men know when they look at your conduct. They are going to respect you. They not come with funny funny words. They see you conduct yourself respectively. They come with respect. Excuse me madam. But now if you are the one who likes to dressing like a prostitute, [Music] they will come and just start doing funny things around you because there's a funny spirit on you. There's a funny spirit on them and they want to match. So don't put on dresses of a hallot because that's what the Bible says dress of a hallot. Those are daughters of the land. But we are daughters of God. We are children of God. We shouldn't be like the world. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in verse 14, he says, I have given them thy word and the world has hated them. Because they are not of the word. Even as I'm not of the world, I pray not that you should take them out of the world. Your place of work, you stop going to work. Your neighbor would stop being there. We have something better which protects us and that something better which protects us is within us. Praise the name of God. So he says, I pray that you don't take them out, but that you should keep them from evil. Praise the name of our protection is the word of God. Cherish the word of God about the word of God. Tell your friends who are changing colleagues at place of work. day is going with a driver. The other day is going with office. The other day he's going with a compound clean of the day sleeping with the boss is going with the treasure. Tell them it is evil. Praise the name of our Lord. Tell them they destroying themselves and tell them you a daughter of God and God also wants them to be delivered. You know when I said you are the light there. Let your light so shine not hiding it under the bush. They should never put your light in the bush. Put it on a lamp stand. Let them know The thought of God, the thought of the land. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know some of these men after using this one, they go and broadcast. [Music] I finished that one. Even the other one I finished. &gt;&gt; And now you want to be part of the line. Don't be a mistress me. No, don't be that. You a daughter of God. The daughters of land don't care like the other woman at the well. Where is your husband? I don't have. Then Jesus said, you've had many. Even the one you have is not yours. You are not worth that. And don't open up yourself to that. Don't allow yourself to get into that bottomless pit. It's a bottomless pit. It keeps you taking you farther. Don't allow it. Don't open those doors. Praise the name of the Lord. Don't do that. Just reject what the way the world does their thing. stand out as a daughter of God. Say, "Lord, I'm going to live faithful to you. I'm going to be a virgin of your word. Not defiled in my heart." And then there are those, of course, they will put on long clothes, but the spirits in them, they grumble when they put on long dresses. [Music] No, don't do that. It's for your safety. &gt;&gt; And you receive it with joy. The Bible says his word is not grievious to us. Let it bring joy and that's your protection. Praise the name of God. We live among daughters of the lord. We should not behave like the daughters of the land. And as a son of God, be respectful. Why would you want to exploit another person? Why would you want do things which are not right? Live upright before the Lord. Praise the name of May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let us sing that song. When he reached down his heart for me. Praise the name of our Lord. And I believe the Lord has been reaching down. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know when a message like this comes, &gt;&gt; it is grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Like when pastor preached, praise the name of our lord now and prophetic in season and out of season. Every message has significance. Maybe there is a trap which was late for you. Maybe there is a trap which was late for you. Maybe there is a challenge which is coming. Every message has relevance. Just take it. Lord, help me out of that mess. And if God has helped you, desire God help another person. Maybe your daughters, maybe your sisters, maybe your friends or your sons or your brothers. Say, Lord, help us deliver us. Amen. [Applause] When he rained down his heart for me when he reached down his heart for me. [Music] I was lost and undone. with our gold or his son when he reach down his hand for me. W for me. [Music] Once my soul was a stray from the many way and was ra as could be. Oh, by my savior above, give me peace, joy, and love. Oh, when he reach down his hand for me. Oh, oh yes. When he reaches, oh doubt is high for me. Oh, when he reach when he reach down his eyes for me. I was lost and undone. Oh, I was lost and undone without his son any desire for me. Oh, I was nearing despair. I was near bringing despair when he came to and he showed me that I could be free. And he showed me that I could be free. He lifted my feet. Then he lifted my feet and gave me glory complete. Oh, when he reach down his high for me. Oh, for me. Yes. When he reach Oh, down his eyes for me. Oh, when he reached when he reached he reached down his hands for you and me, for me. Oh, I was lost [Music] and undone without gold for his son. any reach. Thou design for me. Oh, for me, oh love of God, how rich and big, how measureless and strong, how meant. His love is strong. Oh, and strong. It shall forever more end you. It shall forever more. That's the saints angel song. Our saints are name. Oh lamb of God. One more time as we speak to him. Oh lamb of God. How rich and pure. Oh how rich and pure. How measless. How strong. How is his love is strong to redeem, to heal, and to save and strong. It shall forever. It shall forever, forever more and you more and you. Oh, it's blessings and just speak to him this afternoon in your own way. Everyone, precious heavenly father, king of glory, we appreciate you. We glorify you. We magnify you, Lord. We praise your name. We want to thank you heavenly father. Each time your word comes and speaks to us oh heavenly father it comes to instruct us lord as it is written oh father that all scripture is given for inspiration lord. Sometimes father you desire to correct us. Sometimes he father you desire to instruct us. And lord to them that you love you said you rebuke and trusted. Father, we have been told this morning, Lord, how, oh king of glory, they are daughters of the land and how the sons of God should only marry from their kind. Lord, we have been told this morning, Lord, how, King of glory, we should stay pure, how, oh king of glory, we can keep, oh, heavenly father, from wrong influences, Lord. Father, like any mortal man, Lord, we walk and live in this world. Like your scriptures say, we are in this world, but we are not of this world. Father, our prayer, King of glory, is that you can help us, Father, to overcome, Lord, each day, oh king of glory, you have put us in this world because you believe, oh heavenly father, that we are your royal seed. You have given us an overcoming power. Power to overcome every circumstance. Oh king of glory. Power Lord to overcome the flesh. Power to overcome sin. Power to overcome lust of the eye. Power to overcome the pride of life. King of glory. We are so thankful because each and every day we come in your presence. Lord, you re-energize us with your word. Father, we want to commit ourselves. Oh king of glory, Lord, perhaps Lord, your word has come to instruct us. Oh heavenly father teaching us the way. Oh king of glory Lord God in which we should walk. Oh heavenly father appreciating oh king of glory the oldtime way. Oh heavenly father we pray. Oh king of glory Lord God that we may not walk oh heavenly father Lord God after the lusts of our flesh. Oh Lord we may not walk oh king of glory after the things that please our eyes. Oh Lord, we may not walk. Oh heavenly father, after the way we feel, oh king of glory, because you say even from out of the heart proceeds all issues of life, father may our hearts be guarded. Oh Lord, like Samson, oh king of glory, Lord God, he gave all his strength, oh father, to thee, but his heart he gave unto a woman. Father, we do not want to be like that kind of person this afternoon, Lord. We want to give our all to you, Lord. We want to give our hearts fully to thee, Lord, that you can be able to instruct us, Lord, even as young people, Lord, instructing, oh heavenly father, in the way of marriage, oh king of glory, because oh heavenly father, we learn, oh Lord, that this is the only way the church can be broken. If the enemy can destroy the marriages, if the enemy can come in to destroy families that he will be able to destroy the church. But father, we want to thank you for your love. Father, it endures forever. Father, we want to thank you for your grace each and every day that give us that gives us power to overcome. Oh king of glory, that gives us power, heavenly father, against every w of the enemy. Oh Lord, you said in your word, oh Lord, that that the church is a type, marriage is a type of Christ and the church. And father, that is why Lord, you have given us the principles this morning, Lord, never to defile ourselves, Lord, that even as a spiritual church or king of glory, Lord, you desire that bride that is without spot or wrinkle. You desire that bride that is adorned, oh heavenly father, with a gown of righteousness. You desire that bride, oh heavenly father, that washes herself by the washing waters of the one. You desire, heavenly father, that we can be that bride, oh king of glory, that can put all the guilty stains back under the blood. Father give us the grace or king of glory that as we walk in this world Lord we may not be of the world heavenly father and as we make our choices Lord sometimes in marriage Lord sometimes for our children oh king of glory be gracious heavenly father that we come back to the mind of the word that we may inquire of thee oh lord that we may not do things oh father like the world but we may fashion after the after thy word. Oh Lord, may you help us, oh king of glory, forgive us, Lord, as your mercies are new every morning. Lord, if we have walked far away, Lord, if we have made bad decisions, Lord, may you give us the grace, oh heavenly father, may your unconditional love be poured out, oh heavenly father, that we may be able, oh Lord, as a body, oh king of glory, to rectify, oh heavenly father, to make amens, oh king of glory, lord, being guided by the word, oh lord, change our hearts, oh king of glory, lord god, that we may fashion after thee. Change our minds, Lord, to have a renewal of our minds, Lord, to think like you, heavenly father, to have a thinking man's filter, oh God, that everything that we do, oh Lord, we may receive it under the word. every decision that we make, oh heavenly father, we may look through the lens of the word, oh Lord, and be guided, oh heavenly father, it is our desire, Lord, it is our prayer this afternoon, oh Lord, bless our hearts, oh king of glory, Lord, continue to guide us and lead us, oh heavenly father, we appreciate you, oh God, blessed be your holy name. Oh, change my heart, oh God, [Music] and make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, and may I be like you. For you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. [Music] Amen. May it be your prayer that the Lord may change your heart. Every decision that you make, may it be based on the word. Amen. You appreciate the pastor. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Today he took a pastoral approach. It was a pastoral approach. Amen. Instructing and leading us. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So we'll have the afternoon service for the young people. Let's end to start at three. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Just want to sing and say I would rather have Jesus as we shall be going out than silver or gold. have Jesus than riches untold than to be a king of a vast domain and I am held in sin dread's way. Amen. Amen. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be he than have reaches and to I'd rather have Jesus than house or lands. I would rather be led by his nail pierced hands than to be the king of a vast domain or be held in sin. It's sweet. I'd rather have Jesus than any this world affords today. I'd rather have Jesus than men's uploads. I'd rather have Jesus that men's applause. I'll rather I'd rather be faithful or to his dear cause. Oh, I would rather have Jesus more than wildife f. I would rather be true to his holy name. more than to be the king over domain or be by sins dread sway. I'll rather have him than anything. I'd rather have Jesus more than anything this world affords today. He's fair than than the liies. He's fairer than the liies. of rarest bloom. He is sweeter than honey. How of the cold and is all that my hunger brings me? I would rather have Jesus and live as we go out. God bless you and to be a king over doain or beh. [Music] Oh, I'd rather have Jesus. more than anything [Music] this world affords [Music] today. more than to be than to be a king of a vast domain or behave by sins. [Laughter] [Music] I would rather have Jesus more than anything. [Music] They sw our forward today. [Music]
