################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-06 - Supplying The Store House  |   Pastor Katumba James |  01.06.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-06
Title:   Supplying The Store House  |   Pastor Katumba James |  01.06.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6do46uratQ
========================================

As we continue to to wait, The song says, The song says, "Salam through the waters, some through the blood, but all through the fire, the blood, the water, some through the fire, some through the water. But all of us, we go through the [Music] blood. Some through the through the s through the fire through the ground. sound great sorrow but God gives us in the [Music] night all the day [Music] long green pasture so rich and so sweet his dear to great alone. Where the host but the weary ones who children are some through the sun through the I am all through the [Music] flow where the sun shine. I'm so proud. All this is dear children [Music] alone. Sometimes in the valley in the darkest night only sees his children next to us. The sorrows before us in sold [Music] still. Through grace we conquer. Through grace we can conquer the Fore the children. [Music] through the sun through the lion ses. [Music] gives us in the night [Music] season as we sing that [Music] song. Let us sing it while we collect our [Music] offerings. 48 [Music] [Music] Amen. Seowing in the morning. Seowing seeds of kindness. Seowing in the noon time and the evening. Pring for the harvest and in the rain. We shall come rejoicing bringing in the sewing in the morning. So we in the morning silences of kindness so we in the noon time and the teing waiting for the harst and the time of reaping we shall I'm rejoicing. Bringing in the sh bringing in the sh bringing in the she we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the [Music] she bringing in the sh we shall come [Music] rejoicing. Bringing in the [Music] shing in the sun. Falling in the shadows, fearing never glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I we shall come rejoicing bringing in the spirit going forth with swinging for the master sustain our [Music] [Music] spiring ring in the She bring in the sheep. Bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoiceing. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the sh. Bringing in the sheets we shall come rejoicing bringing in. Brothers we are welcome to pray for the offerings [Music] are let us pray. Our loving father, king of glory, thank you so much for this great morning. The day that we have gathered here to come to worship your holy name. Father, we commit all our lives into your hands. Father Lord, pray that father give us your grace. And Lord, in the midst of our worship, Father, we have come with our tithes and offerings into your house, Lord. I present them to you in prayer. Pray that heavenly father you bless the hearts that has given him. Grant your grace upon each and every one of them, Father. May you multiply their areas of income. King of glory failed king of [Music] glory. All our master king of glory. We [Music] pray continue to be with us even the whole worship king of glory servant who is going to minister. Bless him king of glory and lord revelation. May you keep us in harmony master. We are thankful king of glory for good things you have done in our lives. Lord contin upon you father. Blessed be the name of the lord. In the name of Jesus I pray. [Music] Let us get on our feet and we sing that song. Bigger than anything. Bigger than anything. Song number 243. [Music] 243 [Music] [Music] [Music] Bigger than all my problems. Bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountains that I can I cannot see. [Applause] [Music] What is the mountain [Music] What is beyond [Music] my Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is bigger than anything is bigger than any mountain that I can see. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you in [Music] you Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Jesus in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. In the name of [Music] Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ. Thank you for your goodness and us Lord. We praise Lord Jesus Christ. You've come to die with us Lord. Lord Jesus Christ as we draw nigh to your table Lord. As father Lord the word is ready to be ministered Lord to our souls Lord. We present ourselves before you Lord. We come Lord Jesus with boldiness Lord to come and partake father of the heavenly nature Lord which is through the word of Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ we thank you for the ministry father of the bride which is moving on Lord until the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord help our unbelief. Lord help our shortcomings Lord. Sometimes when we feel weary Lord Jesus we see your strength Lord. You come by wings Lord and lift us up Lord on higher grounds Lord Jesus I commit the service at your hand. I commit father the minister Lord is ready to prepare is ready to talk to your children Lord I pray Lord Jesus as we come before you as we know Lord Jesus that you are the door Lord you are at the door you are knocking father it is an individual affair Lord Jesus I commit father ourselves to you Lord Jesus that you may open Lord our ears of faith that you may open our spiritual ears Lord that we may hear the knock of Christ because he says behold They stand at the door. Lord Jesus Christ, we know, Father, in the days of Noah, Lord, when Noah sat on the ark, Lord, there was, Father, the hand came out, Father, and it locked the door. And one of these days, Lord, the door is going to be shut. Not by the ministers, Lord, not by the believers, Lord, but the Lord Jesus himself is going to lock the door. But Lord Jesus before that time comes before the end of uh gentile dispensations Lord we pray Lord Jesus that we may receive the spirit of God that we may be baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Lord Jesus because that is the token father that is the demand of the spirit that we may be like the spirit because the scripture says he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and we know Lord Jesus Christ we've who passed from death unto life. And I pray for the younger ones, Lord, who have gotten into this message, Lord. May you bind them, Lord, with your yolks of bondage, Lord, that they yolks of love, Lord, that they may be prisoners of love, Lord Jesus Christ, like Paul was a prisoner, Lord. I pray, Lord Jesus, enlighten your goodness, Lord. Enlighten your mercies, Lord. Shade, Father, abandon your grace, Lord. As the scripture says, God, you are rich in mercy and you receive mercies new every morning, Lord Jesus. That's why we depend upon you, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. We guard, have mercy, Lord God, on us, Lord. Lord Jesus, Lord, we are in this world, Father, full of father deception, Lord, deception of the devil. That's why people don't mind, Lord. But we know Lord Jesus our eyes have been enlightened Lord with the eyeselves Lord and that is the Holy Spirit of God. We thank you Lord Jesus. We give you glory and honor Lord. Oh hallelujah. Come and prevail Lord Jesus. We love you Lord. We appreciate you Jesus. In the name of our Lord Jesus I prayed. Amen. Amen. Give him a hand of praise. [Music] [Applause] Let us get on our feet as we as the deacon prepares the minister and have that confession which says Jesus is my savior. Nothing is going to shake me. I will not be shaked because Jesus is my savior. Though the tempter rages, I shall not be [Music] moved. At least give me the favorable key to stop the strainings. Jesus is my savior shall not be in his love [Applause] and shall be just like our mountain by the water. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be more. I shall not be. I shall not be. Just like a tree was planted by the water. I shall know in my Christ abiding. I shall not be more in his love hiding. I shall not see just like a king as planted by the [Music] water. If I trust him, if I trust in I shall not be moved, he will fail me. I shall not be moved just like a tree was planted by now. I shall know what I'm shall see. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I shall know. I shall know. I shall not shall. I shall not just like by the water. I shall not [Music] be. I shall not be. I shall always be just like [Music] my shall not speak. Amen. In the name of our Lord. Amen. Amen. Let us sing that song. When the saints go maring in every day we are drawing nearer. Praise the name of our Lord. The body our body changes. Give us expectation that even if the challenges are enormous, we are drawing nearer. Praise the name of I am a green man, a stranger wondering for this world of singing. [Music] Oh my [Music] go to He when I s [Applause] [Music] my savior my life is [Music] for me. Hallelujah. in the sight. Oh my. Oh my Oh [Music] my [Music] [Music] god. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] mighty. Oh Lord number when the s might [Applause] I for sing your Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] When I say mighty. Oh my mighty king. Oh mighty. Oh Lord. to be that number. in the s. Oh mighty. Oh. Oh. Oh mighty. Oh mighty king. Oh mighty. Oh my Oh mighty. [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] my god. [Music] Amen. You want to be that number. Amen. Amen. I just want to sit. I want to continue confessing the same. Lord, let us sing that song. That number of lord that's why we are here in that number of in that number I'm in that number I'm in that [Applause] [Music] number I'm in that [Music] I'm in the number. I'm in the [Music] number one. Don't [Applause] [Applause] for Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Amen. Praise the name of Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this morning. It's our confession. Heavenly Father, that we are pilgrims and strangers and there is a time when our journey will stop you on earth when we get into eternity. We want to thank you, Father, for the privilege you've given us to come into your presence and how it brings joy to sing about things. And we pray you may help us heavenly father continue journey here on earth that lord our ropes may be wide may be upright that we may be ready for the rapture that we thank you for this day father commit the whole day into your hands so commit ourselves into your hands come lord and dwell within in us. You come and reveal yourself to us. You come and show us the path that we have to take and help us to be obedient unto you Lord and give us the grace heavenly father. Overcome all our weaknesses. We love you Lord and we bless your holy name to us according to your will this day father. Amen. May you bless the morning service Lord. afternoon [Music] service remembers and ministers in use in such a special when time come to come back [Music] riches bring him back commit his family into your hands protection and provision. We commit all our needs this morning into your hands. Lord, your grace may be upon us. Amen. We commit even brother Kawuka into your hands, the father over the passing on of the mother of the wife. We give them grace and all the needs of your children. We lift them with your hands. We love you Lord your name. [Music] Jesus. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I felt like I wanted to sing and sing. Praise the name of our Lord. My mind had gone to another song and I was almost singing thank God I'm free. Praise the name of Lord. You know just something feels like you just want to get into that. But you know there is a time for everything. Praise the name of our Lord. So we thank God for this morning being here again today. We have any visitors here coming and raise up your hand and recognize. You're welcome brother. We happy to have you around. We appreciate you. Is this is that brother from welcome pastor? He's a pastor in island and I've done a lot of work in island. He always invites me to go to I believe the Lord will give me grace. Then he was telling me there is a ferry from Chindi. A ferry. Then he was telling me you can even come with your vehicle. You park inside it and you go to the island. I believe I need more faith to cross the water. But we thank God for the grace he has given him over there. actually his elder brother passed away I think over the last week. So I was traveling on Friday for the burial and I believe that's why he's passing by here at fellowship. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Kawa lost somebody in his family. The mother lost I think the mother the wife lost the mother. So we just need to give him support those able to stand with him in going for the burial or any kind of support that will be very good. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a testimony here before we continue says God bless you saints. I thank the Lord for healing mercies he has given when I've been down for two weeks. I thank the pastor for the support and prayers of all the saints standing with me in prayers, encouragement, financially, physically and then visitations. May the Almighty God bless you so much. Honor and glory be back to our great physician, the Lord Jesus Christ. This from our sister. Praise the name of the Lord. Remember last Sunday were not able to be at church but God helped them to come through. Then on Wednesday they came and attended the evening service but her condition worsened on Wednesday night. that take her to main hospital but we thank God have been able to come today for services. Amen. We just need to stand with one another in the challenges that we face. So pastor went to do and he has been preaching since Friday and he's ending today. So keep him in your prayers. Praise the name of our Lord. Today we have two services. I believe we have come ready for the two services. The after the second service we shall have the Lord's supper at 5:00 and then the foot washing. Then next Sunday we have only one service. Praise the name of our Lord. I want to appreciate those who came for the Friday overnight. Brother Dan and all the other brethren. I personally missed coming. I wanted really to come but I found that almost at home I needed to be there to keep the place because my wife had gone to with her back to school and the people would call to come and keep home were also going to be in church. So I just had to keep at home. I believe it was it was a good overnight. Praise the name of. So on 22nd of June that is two Sundays away from now. We are hosting brother Andreas from German. Praise the name of Lord. So we really need to see that we come up to support these meetings. Praise the name of our Lord. So I would really call upon your support because we want to invite the new churches especially the ministers to come and be with us such that they can benefit from the ministry of brother Andreas. So we shall need to contribute for food for all of us here that day and then even for the transport of these ministers we want to bring and we shall need about 2 million shillings 1 million for the food 1 million for the transportation. So I call upon you to support Praise the name of our Lord and don't be weary. Praise the name of our Lord. No needs are continuous but the Lord open to supply. Praise the name of our Lord. I would call sister faith and to come and say before God the reading of the word. So today we are going to preach on supplying the storehouse. And this is the storehouse. eliminated. God bless you. That night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. I can't explain with tongue open the spirit groing deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pool. I feel the cold. Oh, I hear the [Music] poor and his spirit moving me to give my own his peace. to me. Oh, and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the I feel the poor. [Music] Oh, I hear the voice and I know his spirit moving me to give my own his peace to me. Oh, and I Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. [Music] I went to hear the word and read in each line and [Music] prayer. Oh, he was drawing me to give a higher praise. [Music] There's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. Cuz I feel the P. I feel the Oh, I [Music] he know his spirit's moving me to give my heart. Oh, he speaks to me. Oh, and I [Music] agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel [Music] the he speaks to me. Oh, and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You feel the pool. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you for the song. I fill the pool. Praise the name of our Lord. So I request we stand up and go to our Bibles. We're reading in Malachi 3 verse 7 to verse 12. Let us pray first. Father, we thank you Lord. We surely feel the pull that that's why you've come here in your presence. We want to appreciate for your presence in our midst may break unto us the bread of life. For it is by the word of God that we were created and by obedience to the word of God we are able to serve you Lord. Bless us heavenly father. and help us dear Lord Jesus that our hearts and our mind may be willing father to do what you tell us to do and help us not to doubt but have faith and be obedient. We love you and we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. So let us go to Malachi chapter 3. And then verse seven up to verse 12, the Bible says, "Even from the days of your fathers, you are gone away from mine ordinances and have not kept them. Return unto me and I will return unto you, says the Lord of hosts." But you said, "Wherein shall we return? Will a man rob God? Yet have yet ye have robbed me? But you say, "Wherein have we robbed thee?" In tithes and offerings. [Music] You are cursed with a curse, for you have robbed me, even the whole nation. Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, says the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it. And I will rebuke the divvara for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground, neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, says the Lord of hosts. And all nations shall call ye blessed, for you shall be a delightsome land, says the Lord of Hosts. Amen. The goodness of his word is seated. So today I want to share on supplying the storehouse. And then the storehouse we are talking about is the church. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know the Bible says bring the tithes and offerings. Praise the name of our Lord. And we always keep a record of those who paid the [Music] tith. Praise the name of our Lord. Now the Bible is telling us when we go back to verse seven. He said, "You have gone away from mine ordinances and you have not kept them." And then he says, "Return unto me, and I will return unto you, says the Lord of hosts." But he said where shall we return? And then the Lord gives the reasons for returning. He says you have robbed me. Then he said how have we robbed God. He says in tithes and offerings. It is our obligation. Praise the name of Lord to pay our taxes and obligations in the message let us see God. But you know I feel like this a member of a church their first obligation is with their tithe and offering is to support their church. Praise the name of our God. If you are members of these fine churches that is represented here, you support your church. That is your first duty to God. Bring your tithe and offerings into the storehouse. And the storehouse, you surely know what that is. It is where you get your food. So there is where you get your spiritual food and your obligation is to your church and not to an evangelist like me. So he was telling the people you know bring your tithes and offerings to the storehouse and the storehouse is the church like our church here before God is what is the storehouse is telling us. Bring your tithes, bring your offerings. Praise the name of God. And you know God has even put a blessing upon it. He says test me try me. Praise the name of Lord. You know in Malachi chapter 3 and verse 10. He says bring all your tithes into the storehouse that there may be meat in mine house. In other words, there should be abundancy here. Just as we come to get the spiritual word, then the natural things we should meant to supply them. Praise the name of Lord such that you know the work of God is not damaged. And then he says, "And prove me now herewith, says the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven and pour you out a blessing that there may be no room enough to receive it." Praise the name of Lord. You know, we want God to bless us, but here is a sure way to bless. says, "Bring your tes, bring your offerings. Praise the name of you know you don't bring it saying I got little have a lot." So you're doing it to the Lord. Praise the name of There was a brother I was told and then he went and visited the pastor's place. And when he reached the brother was blind and so when he visited the the pastor's place and then you know he was being told you know you need to pay tith and then the brother was saying that of all these things I see that the pastor is blind but the Now get on my man and give him attitude and so you stay poor. You remain down there. You have eternal life but all the time you in debt. This dead you have eternal life but the physical things you are doing bad. Either you don't want to work and when you work you don't want to pay taxes or if you are working the moment you get the money and the Bible talks about devir just come and take your money. You have money there, then you move along the market, then you get those this one is right, this one is wrong, and then you want to make more money and then you put there banged and then sometimes the divvara comes in your home, sickness, very expensive All the money is gone. But what's wrong with me? Or sometimes things break into your house, they steal something you've worked for 5 years or 10 years or sometimes your bosses cheat you because these things are happening. I've worked the whole year. I've not got money. First ask yourself, do I pay my tithes? Do I pay my offerings? That's where you start from. You do a selfexamination. Why is this upon you? Then you can go with the scriptures before God. Say, Lord, you said we prove you. I've been paying my tithe. I've been paying my offerings. But why is this devour coming? Praise the name of our Lord. But he says, "Prove me if I will not open the windows of heaven to you." So now God requires us. He says, "It is my [Music] ordinance. Do what I tell you to do and I will bless you. Praise the name of Lord. So it's our obligation to pay our taxes and our offerings. Now God cannot require you to pay anything if he has not given you. That's how God is gracious. By the time he asks you, he has already given from you. That's what he does. So if you don't earn, he's not asking you from anything. But then the reason is why don't you earn? Praise the name of Lord. If you are mature enough, you mean you don't want to work or you are crippled or maybe you know you can't do anything but get something you lay your hands on and whatever little they are paying you. Thank God for the little if they are paying me 5,000 a day. Lord, I thank you for the madam that money may not be enough to take you through, but get 500 shillings from 5,000. Bring your tithe, however little it is. You look at fulfilling the word of God, not how much you bringing. Praise the name of our don't say, Lord, first give me more money, then I give you. The Bible says if you are faithful in the little you are faithful in the much. Now if you are faithful in the little 5,000 a day how will he give you 50,000 day you know he has given me 10 50,000 now we have to take 5,000 that's too much money let me reduce you are cheating yourself and he says you have robbed me. So now we need to see that we are faithful in the little that God has given and that little God has given you magnify it be something bigger than but we need to change our attitude. Praise the name of our Lord and when you are coming to church praise the name of our Lord. You know there are scriptures I was reading here maybe I can pick it. Let us go to Deuteronomy chapter 16 and then verse 15. He says seven days shalt thou keep a solemn feast unto the Lord thy God in the place which the Lord shall choose. Because the Lord thy God shall bless you in all thine increase and in all the works of thine hands. Therefore thou shalt surely rejoice. Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the Lord thy God in the place which he shall choose. in the feast of the unleavened bread and in the feast of weeks and in the feast of tabernacles. And they shall not appear before the Lord empty. He says, "I will bless you in your work. I will give you an income brother." Hey brother, this week has been very hard. What have you been eating? Lorx, but there's no free Lorx. You know Monday got some job to I got 7,000 on Tuesday I didn't have a job and then on Wednesday I got a job from Wednesday not even had money to eat 15,000 a week you've made 17,000 a week and when you come to church. The condition has been so bad. You know, I just worked two times this week. All the money I didn't have something to eat and I just ate it and God says you were rob now. What would I have done? Now you have eaten the money and this one who provides for you is the one you are robbing. So what are you going to do? So he says you have robbed me and then he says when you when I've blessed you don't come empty-handed. Oh you know we got and this thing happened. So for you instead of coming to appreciate what the Lord has done for you, your tithes and offering, the week has been so hard. The week has been so hard. How about coming empty? Then he says, don't appear before the Lord empty. Even 100 shillings. Praise the name of the Lord. Lord appreciates it because you are giving it from your heart. What the Lord has blessed you with and the Lord out of what you've given you, I'm bringing back this. Praise the name of God. And then in verse 17, it says, "Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the Lord, thy God which he has given thee." So you don't account on someone's someone else's money. uh if my job I was getting a million shillings I would be paying tithe just a million I would be paying my tithe and now I'm getting only 150,000 how can I pay tithe we robbing God says every man shall give as he is able now that ability is what according to God has given you. According to the blessing of the Lord thy God which he has given thee. So start asking yourself what has God given me this week. Praise the name of what has God given me this week. And from what God has given me this week, I come and present it before the Lord this week because your confession or your testimony is when you are giving back, Lord. I've got 10,000 this week. I'm bringing my 1,000 as my t. The Bible says tithe and offering. Okay, let me give 1,000 my tithe. Let me give my 500 shillings as my Lord will appreciate that because you are recognizing that the Lord has given me here and he's telling me bring here and he's not asking you for what he has given you all of it. as I've given you all this all this. Now if you are complaining about giving a little then God knows you don't have faith to give the whole of it. So he gets individuals whom he knows that if I give this one this he will give me the whole of this year. And the Lord does that in those people who can be able to know. Praise the name of our Lord. God does it. Praise the name of our Lord. Like now there is a brother. Oh, actually this morning I was reading about a sister and she was in South Africa, South Africa and you know those days she she had cows but the currency was strong. They were using pounds at that time. They were using pounds as their currency. So she she was God put a burden upon her. I want you to get 80 80. She didn't have the money. She sold the cow. But the car was only going instead of 240 the price of the cow would only fetch that money. So she got that 80 and then God told her I want to give this to a missionary. So God himself after some time guided her. There was a missionary brother. He she didn't know him. But he was praying. Lord, there is this burden to go here. But then there is this need. He kept on praying. So now what happened? This man moved out to go to the street. And now this sister also moved out to go to the street. And then God told the sister that's the man. She got the £80. This man was the need was £80. They didn't know one another. But how God moved this sister to reach this brother and she gave him God to give you 80. And he just started crying. Of course, now the sister had enough to give whatever she had. But then if for you are paying to pay 10,000 10%. How will God move you to do that? Because you feel like you know this is too much. So now we need to see that we bring supplies in the storehouse. He says give according to the ability God has given you. Because he's telling you I need 10% of what I've given. I need also offerings. He says, "Bring in the storehouse that my house doesn't lack." Praise the name of our God. And this is our obligation. Praise the name of our Lord because the Bible says, the one who gives you the spiritual things, you give them the physical things. Don't look at saying ah but they are doing better than me. No don't look at that. Look at the command of God. Praise the name of our Lord and that's how God will bless you. Don't say but this is even too little. I can't give it. Don't look at that. Look at fulfilling the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. You know there is a there is a a testimony brother Brham was giving and then the brother felt in his heart and he got $10 and gave to a certain brother was head of the missionary my brother give this to brother Brham because that was in their heart to give and then the brother got the $10. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to learn how to bring what is due for the storehouse and don't despise the little you are getting but from that little you are getting faithful before God now I'll be eating into my capital. And now that one I'll be going into my capital. Praise the name of the Lord. We need to be faithful. We want God to bless us. And each of us there is something we are doing for a living. So from what you're doing for a living what the Lord has blessed you with it says don't appear before me empty-handed give me bring your tithes offering if I'm getting maybe 100,000 a week let me bring my tithe of 10,000 and let me also bring my offering praise the name And you know this life is so funny that the needs will never be will never get over the needs will always be there. Right now the need may be this but after sometime when that is over there's another one that comes the need will always be there but God gives opportunities to supply now he's saying from the opportunities I've given you support the work of the kingdom praise the name of our Lord and you know God does not ask you what he has not given you. Let us look at that example here. Let us go to Exodus 3:21. Exodus 3. And then verse 21, he says, "And I'll give these people favor in the sight of the Egyptians, and it shall come to pass that when you go, you shall not go empty. But every woman shall borrow of her neighbor and of her that sojourneth in her house jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment. And you shall put them upon your sons and upon your daughters and you you shall spoil Egyptians. Now God was telling the children of Israel. I'm taking you out of Egypt, but I'm not taking you emptyhanded. You are going to spoil the Egyptians. And then how did they spoil them? He said, "Go and borrow." God has given a command. Go and borrow. The Bible says, Praise the name of our Lord. A man that does not provide for his house is worse than an infidel. So the command is go and work. Go and dress the garden. He has given you the soil. He has given you the life, the body. Dress the garden. go and work and don't despise any work for me. I'm so educated. I can't do this job. Go and start from there. Praise the name of you know sometimes when you finish school you think you know too much but even that person who never went to school that work knows better than you. So you humble yourself under those people and you learn from them. Praise the name of just have a right attitude. Start from somewhere and you know jobs. You're not going to it's not easy for you to get a job when you're just at home. But go in the field. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. Like maybe you go in the morning where they recruiting people. You know in the Bible there is a place in they call it jobless corner. If somebody want somebody to leave for them things go also where they look for jobs go to those places like a lot of work doesn't support me to go but the degree is not giving anything Now go and work. Start from somewhere so that you can provide so that you can earn. You know you have you have the body but you wake up and eat food all day. Where do you get the food you eat? Go and work. Go and look for some work to do. That's the principle here. And say, Lord, I'm going out. Be like Ruth. She's a stranger in the land. They don't have food. Then, Lord, I'm going out. And then she goes to a field where people are doing some work. And then sir, what can you do? We started doing something. Then at the end of the day, he gave us something. He took home. That's the same thing with us. Go out. And when you are going to look for a job, you don't work at 9 a.m. You'll be there even at 6. But you say my degree. You know there are people who know how to get jobs. They can say okay the boss drives that car. Okay. Okay. So they scheme they go early in the morning at that at that door of course may not allow you and then you see the boss is coming you stand up. Why is this man standing up? If the is delaying then you run as if you're going to open the gate. But now if you just seated there they have not given me a job. They're not going to consider you. But you know, you need to see that you do something. Like now, for example, if you've gone to the garage, maybe brother's garage, you've come with your certificate. You know what they tell you? You pay for training because you don't know what you're going to do. Why does have the paper? But now if you reach in the garage now you're not serious but now you're going there. You want to convince those people show that you are better than others. Maybe the the mechanic has gone below the car and then you see the spanner is far. You go around asking can I bring you the other span even if they have not given you work you are showing willingness not sitting there they have not told me to bring any span you're not going to get anything but be interested in the work praise the name of you know like children at home naturally either their parents or the people they live with not allow them to drive their car but the child will do one thing your car is very dirty okay what can you do okay you pack it there I I wash it for you you're making ends meet then you start washing when you finish I finished You're building a relationship. It will not be too long. I think you come and share to drive in case I'm not around. You turn it like if you're going to be in the sitting room and you want your father to give you a car to drive or your mother, you have to show something. Praise the name of our Lord. If you're a girl at home, all the time you're in the sitting room or your bedroom, When you are hungry, you is ready. Have you cooked it or not? But show interest going what is lacking then you can tell them that I'm hungry. That's how you get jobs. Not being awake and waiting for a call. The boss to call me the night. You may never receive that call. Go where the work is and show interest. Praise the name of the Lord like equipment for me. I want to learn but no one calls me. How will they come and call you? That's the one thing about jobs nowadays. Most of the work they the people don't apply but they sh this one can do this one or you can even start from down then they see your ability your faithfulness I think you can do this I think you can do this. That's how some people have grown through. So you need to see that you look for work. Go where the work is given. If they open at 6 before 6, one of the workers may fail to come that day and we lacking somebody. This young man has been here since morning. you come and we see what you find and you get the work not sitting at home you know I went to that place asking them for work they don't begin at they start in the morning so you don't just sit back home I finished my course two years ago I have no job go and look for work and when God gives you the work. You've got some money. Now, this is another area. You know, with my degree and my diploma, that money is too small and he sits at home and then you forget what you learned. At the end of the day, you go for the interview. They ask you, "What is in your mind is Tik Tok. Facebook Facebook very strange there is somebody who was telling me that there is a a radio station and television being opened up in western Uganda and then for him he was put on the panel which interviews people So they got 200 applications, news anchors, these ones who collect news, different categories of people in the media industry. And now for him when he was seated on that panel, he saw a name of a person he studied with. Then he told his colleagues on the panel to me is a conflict of interest. I can't do anything. I'm not going to ask any question. You are going to ask because this one is my OG. Now, can you imagine you're looking for a job to be a journalist and then you go to where they're employing journalists and now they asked basic questions. One asked her, "Where do you come from?" Then she said the place she comes from. Then they asked her, "Who is your area member of parliament?" Nothing. You a journalist. You even don't know the MP of your area. What kind of journalism are you doing really? If you don't know the local leaders, Then they ask again another question that now on the diplomatic issues concerning Uganda. What is going on now? You know those were the times you know there was issues between German and Uganda and then what a lot of things going around and she just didn't know journalist but doesn't know what's happening I will start to work when they give me the job she wasn't given the job yet she had favor The questions were basic. She doesn't know what to do. Somebody going to to to ask a job of health worker. Then they ask you a basic question. What disease kills most the people in Uganda? What kind of health work are you? Who even doesn't know what's happening on ground? Now some people are not prepared for getting jobs like I'm going to go get a job maybe in the se of brother Cyrus information technology ICT IC then they ask you how what do you know about artificial intelligence? Then you start wondering what is artificial intelligence? What are you talking about? You're not ready for the job. So when you are looking for a job, see that you are ready, not the things around it. And then you get the job. Here God told the children of Israel, go to your neighbors. So it was to the children of Israel to go to the neighbors, not the neighbors to come to them. But they had to go there. Same thing with work. Go where the work is. Say, Lord, let me find favor before this person. Yesterday I came, I didn't get let me find favor. and you keep on going because you have expectations and the Lord opens door for you and you start working. So if these children of Israel didn't go to the Egyptians and ask for them of things, how would they have got them? But they went and asked, praise the name of our Lord. Now we can continue with that story in Exodus 12:35. The Bible says, "And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses, and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment. And the Lord gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them such things as they required, and they spoiled the Egyptians. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says they did as God told them. Lord, I've come out in the field. Lord, help me to find favor before the bosses. You're looking for a job. And then say, I'm ready. And I can give you a simple test. Ah, you can do this. Okay. You can buy for me water for me. I have not come yet for you water. You have lost. Nobody will give me say if now that thing is hard for him to do you lose the job. But the Bible says they did as God told them. And now when they ask the Egyptians, your role is look for a job to open up. It's the Lord. Then the Bible says, "Then God made the Egyptians to favor the Israelites until the Egyptians started giving out their things and then giving the Israelites and then the Israelites carried them and then the Bible says Israel spoiled Egypt. They carried with them things. But how would they get them? By following what the Lord told. The same thing with us. God has given you the hands. God has given you good health and work. And when God blesses you with because it is God who gives you the strength. That's what the Bible says. You can pick that scripture here. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of Deuteronomy. Deuteronomy 8 and then verse 10. He says, "When thou hast eaten and are full, then thou shalt bless the Lord thy God for the good land which he has given thee. Beware that thou forget not the Lord thy God in not keeping his commandments and his judgments and his statutes which I command thee this day. Lest when thou hast eaten and full and hast built goodly houses and dwelt there in thy hearts and thy flocks multiply and thy silver and thy gold is multiply. And all that thou hast is multiplied. [Music] Then thine heart be lifted up, and th forget the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of [Music] bondage. How do you forget God? Not keeping his word. So he says, "Return unto me. do what I'm telling you to do. Then in verse 17, and those say in thine heart, my power and might of mine hand has gotten me this well. But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God. For it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant, which he saw unto thy fathers as this day. Praise the name of Lord. He says it is God that gives us the opportunities He gives you the life. You are healthy. He gives you the strength. You are strong. He gives you the wisdom. When they ask you this question, you were to answer back and is the one again who gives you favor before those people. Then they say, "Okay, you take over this." Because the Bible says promotion neither comes from the east or west, but it's the Lord who sets up one one and he puts another down. Now that you have found favor before God's given you good health. He's watching over you. You know there are people who struggle for things but the time they get the thing the life goes away like I was looking at a very a very unfortunate situation. You know when we had here a deputy speaker struggled many years to become a speaker and now he is a speaker even when the life is not there but it is God who gives you those abilities. He has put you in this position and he protects you while you're in that position. So we need to recognize what the Lord does in our lives. God is the one who gives you the protection at your place of work. Others get accidents and they can't recover. Others travel to work. They get accident when they going to work or others. Anything can happen. But then he's saying it is God who has given you these things. He has given you good health. He has given you the talent, the skills to know these things that for you there is the way you handle things which is better than others. And sometimes they are more educated than you. But for you there is a way God has given you to understand better than the others or you are preferred above the others. It is God opening all those doors. So he says, "Don't say my power, my knowledge, my understanding has given me all these things. Don't be like Nebuchadnezzar. Praise the name of our Lord. But remember the Lord in keeping his commandments. Praise the name of our Lord." So he say it is God that gives us the ability You know it's not our ability but who gives the opportunity even your current place of work regardless of how much you are given regardless what position you are having is still the favor of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So you need to see that you do what the Lord requires you to do. Praise the name of our Lord. Now when the Egyptians had got a lot rather the is the Israelites had got a lot like yourself you've earned they have given you a salary you've planted you have harvested you've been you've been rearing animals they supply now God says from what I've given given you. Now I need a tithe. I need an offering. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go to Exodus chapter 25 and then read verse one. You know God had given them a lot and now God is telling them bring me an offering. He doesn't ask you what you don't have. He first gives you says, "Give me." And when he's asking you, he's not asking all you have. See how it says it here? Exodus 25:1. And the Lord spoke unto Moses, saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel that they bring me an offering. of every man that giveth that giveth it willingly with his heart, you shall take my offering. He has given them from in Egypt. They are now in the wilderness. And he says, "Give me." But says with a willing heart, he told us we have to give. They don't know the situation I'm going through. Have a willing heart. This is the word of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. It's the word of the Lord. You do it as you're doing it to the Lord. Say Lord what you've given unto me I'm giving back. Praise the name of don't start afterulating. That's the devil now. But okay the question is from the time you started giving how much have you benefited? You have not fallen sick, but others fall sick. You've been protected. Your job is still there. Maybe you have even been given a promotion. Your children are not problematic. Your family is not torn apart. There are people who earn a lot of money but they have no peace and they look for peace and it's not there. But for you God has given you peace. He has given you favor. Thief don't disturb you. When at night you sleep soundly but others and you can't pay God for all those things. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says they should offer willingly in verse three. And this is the offering which you shall take of them. Gold, silver, brass, blue and [Music] purple, scarlet and fine linen and God's hair and Rama's skin dyed red. and badger skins and wood. Then wood five. And then oil for delight. Verse six. Spices for anointing oil and for sweet incense. stones and stones to set in off and a blessed plate and let them make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them. Now he's given them and he's asking give me your and each person had a different thing. There are those who had gold to give of gold. Those who had silver of silver they had animals and now maybe say okay God wants go skin. Okay I want to give. So you slaughter your goat. Maybe you sell your meat or you do what you get the skin well you give. Then there are those who had stones. Oh, I have this stone here. Let me give there are those who had spices you know they like that I'm also giving. Praise the name of our Lord. So then in verse in chapter 35 and then verse and verse 5, then Moses spoke unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, "This is the thing that the Lord has commanded, saying, Take ye from among you an offering unto L unto the Lord. Whosoever is of a willing heart, let him bring it an offering of the Lord, gold, silver, and brass. Verse 20. And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses. And they came everyone whose heart was steered in him and everyone whose spirit made willing and they brought the Lord's offering to work of the tabernacle of the congregation and of all the service and for the holy garments. [Music] The Bible says those who were willing, they went back. I have this put the use of the kingdom. Have this put in the use of the kingdom. gave an offering willingly in verse 29. The children of Israel brought a willing offering unto the Lord. Every man and woman whose heart made them willing to bring all manner of work. which the Lord had commanded to be made by the hand of Moses. This is how we need to do also in the name of we need to bring what God has given us. Supply the storehouse with a willing heart. Praise the name of our Lord. And many times we are always running here in debt as a church every time we have a service there are expenses that are made. So we need to see that we supply in the storehouse that our brothers who are treasurers and trustes are not burdened. [Music] Because they most times pick from their pocket. Praise the name of the Lord. Many times they pick from their pocket to support the needs here. Praise the name of the Lord. So we need to see that we supply every time we come here. There are expenses we make. We need to get the detergents for cleaning, brushes and everything. We need to supply the toiletries there. We need to get issues of data or air time. Every Sunday and Wednesday we are live streaming. It's money. Power is money. If the power is off, we have the generator. It's money. Water we have to pay. Flashing the compound, we have to pay. But where does that money come from? It should be able to come from us. As God has blessed me, let me bring into the storehouse. Praise the name of the Lord. Like you look at our church, it needs renovation four, five years ago. We need to do another painting. We need to improve our toiletries. We need to improve our security. Our public system, we need to see that they improve. But where will the money come from? If we the beneficiaries, we are not willing to give. Praise the name of our Lord. And don't despise what you have. Bring what the Lord has put upon your heart. I said, "Look me, I have this. I can bring it here." Praise the name of the Lord. There are many things that are needed here. So, let us supply the storehouse. Now and when you are bringing don't tell and don't put another burden to another person I think it is the other me once there is a need there is a provision praise the name of our lord I'm told I think it was brother Hilda branch it was brother Hilda branch And then he was always in meetings and then he said now we have opportunity to be blessed. Now that's what I was saying. I said we have money. Then he said, "But the problem is in your pocket now. The willingness remove it from your pocket and bring in the treasure." Willingness, but we need to come out and do these things. I was getting a testimony from a certain brother and then he was saying they just have only 10 members in the church. 10 members only. They had a need of a projector and projector disturbs us a lot. I think said about 10 years old could be more than 10 years or even 20 I can't tell but now there are 10 members in a church they had the need of a projector and to buy one from they needed one and a half million shillings about.5 so So he was sharing with me what do we do? Said but you tell your people to do that. He got the boldness. You know boldness is also a challenge. Praise the name of But God opened the hearts of those people to raise one and a half million shillings within one month and they bought a project 10 people. How about us now? When we have a need and these things are for the kingdom like we have a need which is urgent. We need a gaming laptop, you know, which has better graphics and everything such that it can bring out streaming. So well, it's 5 millions. Who can do that? Now let us not look at the people outside ourselves. Praise the name of our Lord. We ourselves. It's a burden we need to carry and said this thing is serving the kingdom of God. Why don't I put into the kingdom because it's a need. Praise the name of Lord. It's a need that we have. We need to see that we pull up and supply that need. So God told Moses, "All those who are willing and indeed there are people who are willing act. You go forward and do it. Praise the name of our Lord. You go forward and do it. There is a church I was also told about. They are fewer than us. They had a need of a gaming laptop. And then I'm told they said, "Ah, this is a problem. Let us handle it." So that day whatever midweek service they all pledged within I think two weeks also they will raise that money to buy that game. How about ush you know I earn little and where do you put it? How about the kingdom of God? Praise the name of the Lord about the kingdom of God. We have like it's good we have brother Moa there behind they contribute money to buy their land on the island. Then he calls you now we have reached this far now we want to buy some materials. when they contribute and buy and build. Unfortunately, the other time when they did the construction, when the storms came, they did damage, a lot of damage to their now even their businesses. They can't do the businesses because of restrictions. Now, how about us? Praise the name of our Lord. The Lord has been so gracious to us. We need to supply to meet the needs that we have. Praise the name of our Lord. Be willing. Don't look at another person. I think the other brother earns more money. That one will be able to manage that. Don't budget from another person's pocket. From your pocket. What am I willing to bring? Let us supply the store house. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in Exodus 36 and then verse 2 it says and Moses called Bazel and Aia and every wisearted man in whose heart the Lord had put wisdom everyone whose heart steered him up to come up unto the work to do it. And they received of Moses all the offering which the children of Israel had brought for the work of the service of the sanctuary to make it wither. And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning. And all the wise men that wrought all the work of the sanctuary came every man from his work which they had made. And they spoke unto Moses, saying, "The people bring much more than enough for the service of the work which the Lord commanded to make." And Moses gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp, saying, "Let neither man nor a woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary." So the people were restrained from bringing For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it and too much. Praise the name of the Lord. He says it was much they had supplied in the storehouse more than enough. And that's what the Lord is telling us that if we can pay our tithes and offerings, the windows of heaven will open upon our house. A lot Praise the name of And this is our desire. You know, Lord, I want you to make my house better than it is. You know, like when Portifer when he appointed Joseph to be the head of his house, brought the blessings of God in the house of Portifer. Praise the name of our Lord. It's the same thing also here. Praise the name of our Lord. We can be obedient to the word of God, doing what the Lord is telling us. And then the Lord will appoint a blessing upon our heart to give whatever we need. You not stress about this. You not stress about this because God has taken care of it. Let us not put these things to the past, but let us bring them to our present day. And when there is a need, there's an opportunity for you to be blessed because the Bible says, it is more blessed to give than to receive. But you imagine you are very hungry and somebody gives you food to eat. You can even start and eat it in one minute. Thank you. These people are so good. Even when you know somebody is bad, you say they are good because they have given you food. God has left me. Now you see the joy you have when you receive. But the Bible say is more blessed to give. You imagine when you are receiving the Bible says the one who gives you has more blessing but many times you just want to receive give me give me give me how are you going to give also when are you going to give also and this is what the Lord is asking from us the little I have given you give me and you not before God it is little to it may be much but to God it's little like the one who was given five talents he says you have been faithful in these little things now the one who was given one talent he said this man wants to use me buried it shouldn't be like that man of one talent complaining all all the time suffering all the time again think of these meetings we are suffering with school fees again meetings are coming they postpone those meetings they for our good praise the name of get from your pocket praise the name of our lord make your contribution praise the name of yeah that is it pick from what you have and give but again we have ti we have offering in [Music] meetings it's a burden we have praise the name of and the next service God willing I want to talk about supporting missionary work we talk about it you know until we change. Praise the name of God. Until we change, we keep on talking about it. We keep on talking about you know, it's just like teachers, you don't get promoted if you've not learned these things. Like brother B was saying, how can I teach ABC? How can I How can I teach you algebra if you don't know ABC? Because algebra is 2 A + 3 C * this. The language is harder. So you start a V beginning things. We want to be blessed. We are blessed spiritually but want to be blessed physically. Let us get ourselves involving in the work of the king. Praise the name of our lord. So he says let us go to Genesis chapter 14 and then verse 18. I want to talk about tithing first then we can close. He says and the king of Salem brought forth bread and wine and he was the priest of the most high God. And he blessed him and said blessed be Abraham of the most high God possessor of the heaven and earth. And he blessed the most high God which had delivered the enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tices of all. Praise the name of the Lord. Abraham had got so many things. And when he met Melisedc, the king of Salem, the priest of the most high God, he recognized that it is God who has given me all the things. So of all the things God had given him, Abraham took 10% and said, "Lord, I give you all this." It was a revelation. Praise the name of our Lord. Tithes were paid before the Lord. Abraham paid tithes by revelation. Praise the name of God. And so here the Bible says in Hebrews chapter 7 verse 6 to verse 9, but he whose descent is not counted from them which received titles of Abraham and blessed him that had the promises. Hebrews 7:6 [Music] Oh, Hebrews chapter 7 verse 6. Okay, let me read it. But he whose descent is not counted from them which received tithes of Abraham and blessed him that had the promises. So he said he received tith of Abraham and without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better. Verse seven. And here then here are men that die receive titles, but there he received them of whom it is witnessed that he liveth. And as I may say say, Levi also who received who receiveth tithes paid tithes in Abraham. So he says taxes. So Abraham paid tithes to marriage zedc. And then the bible says even levi who received tith from his brethren paid tithes in Abraham. And right now we are under the zedc and Abraham paid tith and we are the seed of Abraham. If we are the seed of Abraham, we need to do what Abraham did. Pay our tithe. Praise the name of Lord. Pay your tes of what the Lord has blessed you with. Praise the name of Lord. You of course don't get a loan and then the money they give you from the loan say I'm going to pay the tithe from this. That's not it. You pay taxes. Praise the name of our Lord from your increase. I have a capital of 10 million. If it is a loan, put it into the business. Then what comes out, pay a tithe, you don't pay a tithe of the seed to sow. Praise the name of. But the thing is how have you got it? So now he says pay tithes of your increase in Deuteronomy chapter 14 verse 22. Thou shalt show the tithe all the increase of thy seed that thy field bringeth forth year by year. 14 14 verse 20 14 verse 22. So you pay tithe on your profit. You pay tithe on the increase what God has given you like a salary. You pay the tithe. If I'm a businessman, I know I made this amount of money. What is my margin of profit margin? I pay tithe on that. You don't pay tithe on your school fees. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't do that. But then you pay tithe from what you have gained. Praise the name of our Lord. Now don't start calculating. Now I have to calculate this like this. Now you know my salary is 100,000. They have to remove NSS 5,000 NSS. They have to remove as you earn 20,000. So I'm left with 75. So now 75 is what I'm going to pay from. But again I spend transport of 20,000. Then I feed every day. So what I'm left with is 10,000. Now 10,000 what I'm going to pay for. Is it what you've earned? Praise the name of people just start calculating this. This what she know. It's about willingness to do the right thing. Willingness to do the right thing. And then you just say okay let me bring this. You know, it's just like for example, if I'm getting 1,500 tithe, 150 shillings. But where are you going to get the 50 shillings? You know, the other time I overpaid by 50 shillings. I put there 200 So this time I'm only giving 100 willingness. Praise the name of our lord. You know, attitude also matters in those things. Like if you're bringing your offering, you get those which have gone to the market, those which are torn which you can't keep in your pocket. There is a person very prominent person. He was in a church and now when they were collecting offerings he removed he had 10 $100 20 then he picked from a lot he had then removed that it was $10 prominent person attitude praise the name of our Lord So Abraham paid taxes. Before the law, even Jacob paid taxes before the law. Genesis 28:20 says, "And Jacob a saying, if God will be with me and will keep me in this way that I go and will give me bread to eat and raignment to put on so that I come again to my father's house in peace, then the Lord shall be my God. And then verse 22, and this stone which I have set for a pillar shall be God's house, and of all that thou shalt give me, I will surely give the tenth unto thee. Now you see, Jacob In that situation, he was running away from Esau and then he was going to the mother's place without anything. Then he got tired along the place and he laid his head on a stone. Then he dreamt there was a ladder from where he was sleeping going to heaven. Angels ascending. They said, "This is the house of And when he realized he's in the presence of God, you can give me what to eat. You can give me what to drink and you keep me alive and you bring me back to my father's house. You pay everything, 10% of all that you've given. We need to have the same revelation. You started without anything but now God has given you ability. You are working. You have good health. You have strength. You have got promotion at your place of work through the place of work. You're working. You know, you've been able to buy clothes for yourself. You've been able to feed yourself. You've been able to buy this, buy that. You've been able to get a family. You've been able to raise your children. You've been able to get a home. You've been able to get means of trust. And then Jacob saying, "All that you will give me, I will give you a tenth and God is so faithful. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to pay our tithes. Praise the name of our Lord. Be willing to be obedient to the word of God. Pay your tithes. Pay your offerings. Bring food in the storehouse. Praise the name of our Lord. We are not going to be coming here every Sunday to remind ourselves. But let it be something as an obligation. This is my obligation as a church man. Prepare my tithes. Prepare my offerings. Praise the name of Lord. See what the Lord has done for your family. The protection of God. You know when people are going to those false teachers, you know they want people who will cheat them. He cheats you in this and then you believe he cheats you in this. We don't do that here. Oh, people who go to which doctors? You know which doctors? You get a home, they take a whole month or without eating a [Music] coke. Then the witch doctor says bring the white one. So for them they are raring for which doctors. They can't have opportunity to eat them. Then when he realizes maybe you have some more, bring a brown sheep. When he says, "Okay, you can do bring a white dog or black dog rather bring a white goat or black goat. Then for you are busy taking But the things we don't God has delivered us from all those things whereby you even sell your land because of a problem you have. You know there are people whose homes are so troubled. There are people who homes are so in danger. He has a son. The son has impregnated the neighbor's daughter. They are saying we want fine to millions. They go and sell part of the land. But here God has blessed you. But he has kept your children from doing those evil things. Your children are disciplined. You know they just not running out with men. They just running out with girls. They are not thieves that they have caught this one stealing. So you have to go and spend a lot of money to get that child out of prison. You know all these things God has blessed us with. You're not all the time in prison. You're not all the time in hospital. You're not all the time in this trouble. This chaos chaos. God's protection is around you. Then the Lord gives you the ability to earn a living from what you are earning just around 10%. Just bring your offerings on. It is not too much. Praise the name of God. It's not too much because God says I will bless you. I will multiply your increase. Praise the name of Now let us go to Ezekiel 44 and then verse 30. Praise the name of our Lord. I want so I can finish and so many things I've not reached to but I pray the Lord helps us. He says Ezekiel 4:30 says, "Thus shall they know that I, the Lord their God, am with them." Ezekiel 44:E 30, not 34. He says, "And the first of all, the first fruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations shall be the priestess. You shall also give unto the priest the first of your dove, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. So he says, "You shall give to the priesthood your offering." And then here he says that the priesthood may cause the blessing to rest in your house. And you all want our houses to be blessed. Your tes offerings, support the ministry, and then the blessings just come. Praise the name of our Lord. The blessings just come. Look what the stration of the Shunite woman. When she saw that there was a prophet, a man of God, he walks long distances to go, every morning he walks. She said, "Ah, why don't I build him a room by my house?" She got concerned about the burden of the ministry. We also need to be concerned about the burden of the ministry. And you don't lead to only a few people. But let us all be involved. Each of us has got a role to play in the kingdom. Praise the name of the Lord. Like when they were building the tabernacle, there are people who are good at knitting. So they were knitting now those clothes to put around the temple. There are people who wear good to die clothes you know they were doing that kind of there are people who are good at maybe being iron and everything. Each of us has got a skill whereby we live by an income I generate from this kind of thing. Let me come and participate into the work of the king. And then the Bible says that a blessing may come in your house. Praise the name of the Lord. You know there are many challenges we go through in life. And you know when you read in the scriptures when God gave the children of Israel their inheritance, he told them also get cities for priests. And he says those cities of the priests are going to be cities of refuge who when you have made a problem. So he told them give cities of refuge to the priest that somebody who been chased from being killed can run into the city and get his protection. And many times we have challenges in life. Oh, I'm sick. I need you to come and pray for me. But it takes fuel to reach there. Oh, I have a problem. We've lost somebody. We want you to handle the barrier. It takes fuel to reach there. Of the denominations, you can't move until they send you fuel. If the bishop is the one coming 500,000, we don't ask that. But it's a need. And in some scenarios, they tell you, "We've lost somebody, but we also don't have a coffee. We don't have food to feed people. Pressure back, but you also have personal needs. So it is us to come out supply the storehouse. So if the storehouse those things at the end of the day they come back and help us I'm sick and I don't know what to do. But if now there's no contribution around our offerings cannot meet our debts. Why would you demand a church to pay for you something? Praise the name of our Lord. Yeah, that's the thing. If you don't put in, why would you want us to be given? Praise the name of God. So, we need to supply the storehouse that there is enough when there is a need somewhere. Okay, there is this need, you can do this kind of It's our responsibility. Praise the name of our Lord. It's not too much for us to do it. Let us be willing to pay our tithes and our offerings. It is for our good. Praise the name of our Lord. There's another scripture here in Numbers chapter 6 and verse 23. The Bible says, "Speak unto Aaron and unto his son, saying, on this wise you shall bless the children of Israel, saying unto them, The Lord bless thee and keep thee. The Lord make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee. The Lord lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace. And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel, and I will bless them. see how we are blessed. Praise the name of our Lord. And when we come in the services of the Lord, we are blessed. Praise the name of our Lord. When prayer is made for you, you are blessed. When you pay your tithes, you are blessed. When you pay your offerings, you are blessed. When you support the ministry, you are blessed. We want God's blessings upon us. Praise the name. In other words, everything everything's land, houses, children, peace. Yeah, that's what we want in our places. Praise the name of so that you inviting another brother is not a problem. What are they going to eat again? I'm going to go into debt. No. I just go from my farm like Abraham. He didn't need to borrow anything. He told the young men, "Get that cuff, prepare it." That's how we need to be. There is the name of God that when you come to my home, I'm not going to be afraid. What are going to eat? You get one of the there, get one of those pigs. I got there. You're blessed. It's not headache for you to give. It's not ready for you to entertain your visitors. Why? You are blessed. Praise the name of the Lord. And we are blessed of the Lord. And as the Lord has blessed us, bring to the storehouse. Supply the storehouse. Don't restrain yourself. Now in the message God manifesting his gifts he says if God is God he is worth everything you are. If Christian religion is right it is worth everything that you can do for it. Support your church. Support your pastor. Support your missionaries. Do everything that's in your power to do and give to God the best you've got. Praise the name of our Lord. You support unreservedly. When there is a need Lord, I want to be blessed. You give in. Praise the name of our Lord. You come out and support. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we pay our taxes. We pay our offering. Regardless of how much you earn, see that you obey the word of God, Lord, from what you've given me, this is what I've brought you. Like those people who had the talents, the one who had five, the one who had two, he said, "Lord, from the five you gave me, I've got more fiber here. Lord, from the two you gave me, I've got more to hear. And I came with that kind of reverence. This is what I've done, Lord. Like now, today we are in church. Tomorrow we are out in the fields working. At the end of the week, Lord, from the whole week, I've come to present how you blessed me. I've brought my tithing. I've brought my offerings. I'm doing the support of the world. Praise the name of Lord. You are serving God in that kind. You are being identified as part of the kingdom of God. Abraham paid tithes. Jacob paid tithes. Even our brother, you know, there are so many things he talks about tithing and offering. We need to pay our tithes and our offerings. May God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. So, we have another service at 3. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us sing that song. Let us sing that song. I'm blessed. Praise the name of the Lord. I am blessed. [Music] I am blessed every day that I live. I am blessed when I wake up in the morning. When I lay my head to rest, I am [Music] blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed every day that I live. I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed every day that I live. I am blessed when I wake up in the [Music] morning. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. [Music] Change the king. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy. Bless the Lord once again. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless is holy. He has done. He has done great things. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his [Laughter] holy name. Sing and say he has done great things. He has done great things. Sing and say he has done a great thing in your life. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy [Music] bless the Lord once again. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. and all that is within. Bless his holy name. [Music] Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. And oh my soul. Oh my soul. and the Lord that is within me. Blessings of [Music] holy he has done he has done great. He has done great things. He has done. He has done great things. Bless [Music] him. He has done so much. He has done great. He has done so great. He has done great. He has done so much. He has done great things. Bless his glory in. Let us sing and say I return to you [Music] Lord. I return to you though I'm broken and pour out my heart. I run to you with a song of praise, with a parting heart in my soul humble. Your word is strength. Your word is strength and life and to my heart. I return to you. I return to [Music] you and and call my heart. I run to you with a song of praise. With a burning heart. With a burning heart. and my soul humble down. Your word is straight. The life and you mile. The roads are rough. The roads are rough. often times storms with me. Sounds are weird. I get weary and sometimes I fail. Arrows of sin directed to kill my soul. How can I make it to the end without your hand? Oh my lord. Stuff with life's flesh. I get so scared. But though they weaken I rise. Yes. God bless you. This man says that he came here last Sunday. He says that he's a Muslim but he came when he has many problems. Seeing that he wanted to end his earthly life, they told him to come today and he has come again and today wants to give his life to Jesus Christ. So I want him to speak for himself and confess then we shall pray for him. [Music] I am. I have been a Muslim man and I also teach a lot. But God somehow I got the the intestine disease and they sent me for operation. They they took my saliva and they took my blood and they found that I have HIV and I have tuberculosis. Then they operated me and they told me they will start with her. I have a wife and I have children. When they check the wife, they didn't find her with the disease. When she saw like that, she came back and she [Music] stayed. I even fell down when I was bathing. Then I got this scar. hospital. They took me back the hospital. That's why I was wearing a mask. I'm on [Music] medicine. They told me that TB can be transferred. That's why I've been wearing the mask. So seeing the situation I'm going in, I don't have someone. I went to the mosque. They told me and they chased me up. But I came here when the prayers have ended. God help me and I found this man in a white shirt. I showed him all the papers even where he's sitting there. But I started from transport. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Father in the name of Jesus [Music] Christ went away and came back. [Music] [Music] under this name. [Music] Fatherless blesses. [Music] [Music] I return to you. I'm broken and pour out my heart. I return to you [Music] with a parting heart. With a parting heart with a song, your word is strength. Your word is Let us sing together as we prepare to speak to the Lord. I return to you. I return to you. Though I'm broken and pour out of my heart. I return to you. I return to you with a soul of with a burning heart. with a mighty heart in my soul. Your word is strength. Your word is my life. The roads are rough of 10 times stormed. My brother, we [Music] s time stor we [Music] waste the sun. I get weary and sometimes I fail. Arrows of sin directed to kill my soul. Oh Lord, how can I make it to without your Oh my Lord, I'm living and s with lives they tumble. I get so scared. But they can be. I will arise and return to you. I run to you. I run to you. Though I'm broken in the door of my heart, I will run to you. I run to you with a soul. With a mighty God, with a mighty God in my soul, I'm all down. Your word is straight. Your word is great. It is the life of Jesus. I return to you. I return to you. Oh, I'm broken heart. I run to you. I run to you with a soul of praise. As you prepare to talk to the Lord with a burning heart, my soul, your word is your word [Music] is in my heart. Lord Jesus Christ, we realize your word is great. Lord, you lift us, Lord, with your wings, Lord Jesus Christ, that with boldness we may return to you, Lord. that we may go back, Father, Lord Jesus, in your presence, Lord, as your voice cried out. It said that you return unto me, Lord Jesus Christ. And we saw, Father, we return by the word of God. We return as we go back to what you commanded us to do Lord in giving offerings Lord in supporting of the ministry Lord Jesus and offering the offerings Lord into your house Lord help us Lord Jesus that that weakness Lord in our lives may be dealt with Lord that it may cease Lord it that we may not ever do it again Lord I pray Lord Jesus Christ as you've been with your children as you've been serving them, Lord, faithfully as you've been providing with your goodness to them, Lord. May you remind them, Lord, that they may not defy your word, Lord Jesus. That they may return holy unto you, Lord God. That they may possess, Father, the willing heart, Lord, that in in their hearts they may be steered up, Lord, by the word of God. that they may bring father Lord Jesus the services you want Lord Jesus in your house Lord with a willing heart Lord we love you Lord Jesus we are here Lord God under your word under the teaching of your word Lord we pray Lord Jesus Christ that you may light father Lord God this word with your spirit Lord that it may bear the fruits Lord of repentance Lord that Lord Jesus when we say we are not going to do it again Lord Lord, let it bear the fruit of repentance. Lord, that you may be found, Lord, doing so, Lord, what the word has commanded us to do. Lord, I commit your people, Lord, as they go back home, I mean, as they go to rest, Lord, for that evening service, Lord, may you stay with them, Lord, as they prepare, Father, to have a communion, Lord Jesus, with one another, Lord. I pray Lord Jesus provide for their lunch Lord and renew their strength Lord as I commit father Lord Jesus my pastor Lord give him strength once again as he's preparing to come back Lord in the evening service Lord to do the service of holy communion in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ Lord we pray hallelujah we've come to the end of the [Music] So as we go out, [Music] as we go outside, do you have that song which says um next time we [Music] meet the projectors are failing. [Music] Okay, let's say till we meet, oh Lord, till we meet. You are free to go out. Till we meet at Jesus feet. Till we meet. Till we meet. God be with you. Till we meet again. Till we meet again. Till we meet. [Music] Till we meet what Jesus did. Till we meet
