################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-24 - Inner Veil Ministries- Wednesday Service - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-24
Title:   Inner Veil Ministries- Wednesday Service
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKpPg8zU2u4
========================================

Now in Uganda [Music] all [Music] hallelujah. Oh, once more never [Music] just close your eyes and say a word of prayer to the Lord. If we if you are all so glad that he set us free, his mercy searched for you and he found you. You didn't seek him, he looked for you. All the ditches wherever we were, the mercies of the Lord that I knew every morning. He has never closed that door of mercy. He's always calling on us. Whoever is heavy is burdened, just come to him because his arms of grace are wide open. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this moment. Lord, we are not the best out there. We are not worthy. Father, you found us and you called us, Lord, Father, to be your sons, not give your glory. You ordained us, Father, to be who we are. And father we pray this evening that may you come oh God and minister to this seed that you put in us Lord come change us Lord come continue to mold us Lord for we have declare into your hands Lord that father you mold us into what you want us to be heavenly father I lay my brothers and sisters here this evening and those on online father the lord the king of glory you may come Lord and minister to each one of them may you answer their prayers. Lord, may you grant them at their points of needing of glory. Father, maybe some are sick, Lord, were afflicted in one way or the other. Father, for you search the heart and you know each and everything that every person is going through. I pray even father for the word that may you come and grant to bless us. Oh heavenly father, for without you, we can't get anything out of it. You are the one that gives the revelation. You are the one that opens the word. Heavenly Father, we call on you God that father as you lead us through the song service. May you continuously father come and minister to us Lord. We pray for our pastors Lord. We pray for all the ministers here. We pray for all father the leaders in this church Lord that you may cause a blessing upon each one of them. In the name of our Lord our savior Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the book of Job. The book of Job. Praise the name of the Lord. Uh time has really gone, but &gt;&gt; we shall use that God has given us. The prophet says that God does not use what he has not given us. If he calls for something from us, that means he has given it to us. That's where David stood and said, "All that I'm giving you is what you gave me." So, I'm giving you of what is yours. Praise the name of the Lord. So let's turn to the book of Job chapter 8 and then verse [Music] Oh my goodness. that grows in a muddy wet, you know, swamp areas. And that's what Maya means. &gt;&gt; And then flag means uh it's a species of plant that grows on water and indeed without water you cannot find a flag. So without you know muddy or swampy areas you can find rush. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the lord. &gt;&gt; So using this scripture I just pray that you know we get an aspect or concept of growth that for anything to grow there are some conditions that they have to meet and we know that growth is a is a principle of god. that anything with life will grow as long as it is in the right condition. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So growth can only be mentioned where there is a seed and this seed here has life. Praise the name of the Lord. Because you can talk about a seed and a seed means, you know, a something that has life or something that can bring forth another. But yet there are seeds that do not have life. Some of these seeds are manufactured in the machines and some of them during their growth maybe they did get some nutrients. So we can't talk about growth without a seed and a seed with life. So a seed means a storage of life and a seed without life cannot grow. It can only be used for food decoration and any other purpose. Praise the name of the Lord. So in in an in a dictionary English man you know defines a seed as a self-contained package. Praise the name of the Lord. So this seed here it is self-contained and it's a package that has genetical you know materials for a plant. So when you talk about mice, when you talk about mice, mice, mice. So for you to to have mice and to find it genetical material, it is found in it seed. For a m seal material, praise the name of the lord. He continues and says &gt;&gt; that this seed here has an embryo &gt;&gt; and an embryo &gt;&gt; is a tiny unveloped plant that is contained within this seed. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So in the seed also we find the stored food and all that is protected by a court. which is called a seed coat. So all these things here they are they are designed to bring forth life of the same species when it is planted in the right atmosphere. Praise the name of the Lord. So a seed, the main purpose for a seed is to bring forth reproduction. Praise the name of the Lord. So this evening as we take on this subject, I want us to look at the seed as the word of God and the seed as you the individual seed Abraham. Praise the name of the Lord. I want us to pick a quote here. show us the father where the prophet was talking about two kinds of seeds made in a machine that is spoken of God. He say so notice while he was there the radio was on in the little confectionary and and old Dr. Spun, a very fine friend of mine. And so the radio was on and the little 4 club in Louisville, Kentucky had a machine over there that they had made that could reproduce a grain of corn so perfect that you couldn't tell it from one grown in the field. You take a handful of of the sack that's grown in the field and a handful out of the sack that the machine produced them together and you would never tell them apart again at any size. You cut them open. The same amount of calcium, the same amount of moisture just right. It would make the same cornmeal and the same corn bread, the same conflicts just exactly. There is only one way you could you could ever tell them apart. that's bury them and the one that that the machine made rot and never live again but the one that God made lives again because it's got life in it. Praise the name of the Lord. So the prophet is telling us &gt;&gt; that there are two seeds. One seed that is made in a machine and one which is spoken of God that is grown. One has life and the other does not have life. The only way to know that this seed has life when you bury it. One with life will grow and another without life it cannot grow. And so the prophet continues down paragraph 44 about you and I and says you can take a man that looks like a Christian like a Christian but if that man hasn't got the word of God in him if there isn't a life in there is that he will never rise in the resurrection. is right because he can't rise. Praise the name of the Lord. So we see here that any seed that has life, it will grow. Praise the name of the Lord, it says every person that has a life, a life of God, will grow. Praise the name of the Lord. So as we continue with the rush seed with the rush seed, &gt;&gt; the rush seed in the way that it grows, we see that it needs moisture, it needs soil contact. So when you get a seed in your home and you put it down on the floor, it will not grow as though it has life. And when you put it in the garden, soils that you have filed very well, it will bring life. Let's pick up here in the book of Luke chapter 8. Praise the name of the Lord. Luke chapter 8 and then verse 11. &gt;&gt; Jesus says, "Now the parable is this, the seed is the word by the wayside are they that hear then cometh the devil and taketh away the word out of their hearts. Least they should be least they should believe and be saved. Praise the name of the Lord. Jesus was talking about a seed. The seed that Jesus was talking about with life. Praise the name of the Lord. A seed with life. When you put it on the west side, you cannot grow. And that's what Jesus says. The birds come and take it away. A type of a Christian that has sat in the sanctuary hearing the word yet is thinking about something else about his businesses to think about his education. He think about his welfares at home of other things. Jesus is telling us that the birth of Babylon will come and take away the sin. does not grow. &gt;&gt; And then he continues down verse 13 that they on the rock are they which when they hear receive the word with joy and these have no root which for which for a while believe and in time of temptation they fall away. Praise the name of the Lord. I want you to get from this scripture here that it's not just about having a seat with life. The conditions of the bedding ground matters a lot. Praise the name of the Lord. The condition of the ground where you are putting your seed matters a lot on the fusion of this seed. So he says when you put on the rock it may be to grow because maybe there is some sw but because it has no place to put it wither. Praise the name of the Lord. In verse 14, he says, "And that which fell among thorns, &gt;&gt; are they which when they which when they have heard go forth and are chocked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and you bring no fruit to perfection. never. Praise the name of the Lord. These are they that think about the things of the world. And John calls them the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life. Sometimes he's, you know, he has the right seed in him because of lack of food. He has his birthight to get what to eat. Maybe he has what to eat. He has the chaos. He has what to put on, but he wants to make more money. get the riches of the world. He sells his birthight yet the riches of the world to get a job and he compromises on his way of life a job. Praise the name of the Lord. He says that chalks the tree and he does not bring forth good healthy fruit. And he talks about the pleasures I've got. I have the chaos. I have the riches. And now I am going to enjoy life. Calls the pride of life. Enjoy your life. You may have your friends out there. Go out with them. Enjoy life. Why you enjoying life? You're walking contrary to the word of God, but you know, you're selling out your birthright. Praise the name of the Lord. So he continues and says in verse 15, on the good ground are they which in honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it and bring forth fruit with patience. Praise the name of the Lord. I believe our prayer this evening is for us to to stand in this scripture of our lives. Praise the name of the Lord. The ground has been broken and you know it's ready for planting. And when you put a seed there, There is nothing it does to grow. And when it grows, God wers it with the Holy Spirit. It grows forth as a plant planted by the rivers of water in it. So the prophet the message God's only provided place of worship. The word of God has a seed and size. praying is great author of this book. It is a seed. We are taught that a sour sword say the author. We do realize that a seed will grow if it's in the right kind of ground. You this morning take all the prayers and theos and unbelief [Music] and skeptical out of our hearts that the word of God might grow freely by the spirit in our heart that we might be when we come pray that God takes away the prayers. has been found here on India. He says the Holy Spirit which will produce the signs of Mark 16. of the only way it is in your heart when it grow and a heart that is a good ground here accept. went fall into the ground. And then when the word is brought into a heart of faith, every promise in the Bible again the Lord the word is brought heart of Christ putting it in the heart, not holding the word with this brings it into when there is fight in there of God. the promise withering. You're not walking in the promise. God, you said so. I said, God, you said so. And the prophet continues and says here, God lives. Word must live if it is received in the right place. condition when you leave a guy put under the right condition. It is not about the life in you condition around. You see, and then he lies down. And brethren, may I say this, reverence and respect you as my brethren, &gt;&gt; knowing that maybe before night, we stand at the judgment seat of Christ. You know, and listen, see what he says down. Brother, can you scroll it down? He says it's the atmosphere that brings forth the product. You see it is the atmosphere that brings the product. They might have 100 seats of mice. Something is not right and sometimes they may grow and they will stand because the atmosphere does not favor the growth of this seed. The name of God. Now let's pick up Galatians chapter 3. Galatians 3:16, he says, "Now to Abraham, and his seed were the promises made. He saith not to seeds as of many, but as of one, and to thy seed, which is Christ. Praise the name of the Lord. Getting back to Genesis chapter 15, God opened the heavens. Opened the sky and showed Abraham, all the stars that you're seeing up there, that is your seed. God was talking about you and I. seed Abraham shall be as many as the name of the Lord. And God was talking about a seed coming through the sun Christ seed that seed was the person of Christ. Christ came and down in the book of John 12 verse 20 came as Andrew would want to see Jesus Christ the seed that Abraham spoke that God spoke to Abraham about praise the name of the Lord Jesus the seed that was that was talked about for himself he said unless Yes. The corn of which falls into the ground looking at you looking at you sister. There is a seed that we must look at the word of the Lord. Jesus was not looking at the individual seed that he was. Jesus but it is until that seed is planted. Praise the name of the Lord. The scripture says in the book of John chapter 22 and then he says Philip cometh and tellth Andrew and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus. And Jesus answered them saying the hour is come that the son of go that the son of man shall be glorified. And then he says very I say unto you except a corn of it fall into the ground and die it abadeth alone. Uh, Philippise God. Now the question to us this evening, if Jesus did not look at himself as the individual that he was living that was pointing, how much more other people is looking for Christ looking for you. I have a seed inside of me to grow another seed and produce the same life because Jesus talking about the seed coming after him. Just like when you have a seed of maze in your house is not talking about yourself alone. He's talking about others of mind and have plant this seed here. Now here in the book of Galatians was talking about a seed Christ and says we are the seed of Christ. Likewise, no principle. &gt;&gt; Now listen what he says here in the book of Galatians and then chapter 3 verse 27. He says, "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither bond nor free. There is neither male nor female. For ye are all in one in Christ. So Paul is trying to say as long as you've come and you have accepted the Lord Jesus Christ, you've been baptized into Christ and being baptized into Christ just burying you in water. That's the beginning. The coming down of the Holy Ghost brings you into the seat of God in the name of the Lord. That's why Paul said, "If the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your that was in Christ. I hear the name of the Lord. You are the people that Christ spoke of my sheep hear my word. They hear when I call them and they follow me. He said, "I lay down my life. No one takes it away. But when I lay it up and I lay it down, no one can take it away from me. No one can take it away. The ship that Jesus was talking about comes and take up Christ and there are Christ and through Christ comes you and I by the Holy Spirit. Sorry. Who would ask God of the Lord and he contin same children with being dead in Christ Abraham and according to promise to God and the name of the Lord Christ and through Christ and that brings us into the government of the promises but you are the head of all you are not as standing the promises he promises not to be a hair you were born a hair when you sick not to pray no healing what belongs to you. When you need a blessing from God, what does not belong to you? The name of the Lord. And now realizing the word of God is in knowing that the word of God of God has told us the word until it is put in the ground that is on the inside. word of God receive it in the book. Praise the name of the Lord. I hope we can relate the scripture looking at the name and looking at the word to look at ourselves even to see that we just run through by the grace of God. If newborn babies desire the sincere meaning of the word that you may grow thereby okay sorry if so be you have tested that the Lord is gracious praise the name of the lord Peter is speaking to us because Peter knows my son the seed of Abraham that can receive the word in the name of the Lord speak to everyone where his genes are of God when the word is being preached Jesus on the inside of you praise the name of the prophecy when Christ was on the cross he was not there for the entire people of the world he was there for the it was talking to Christ. Therefore, you have to grow fire on the second Verse 18 says, "But grow in grace and in the knowledge of God and Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever." Second Peter 3:18. Second Peter. Okay. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. So in the in the previous scripture growing by reading on the word of God but now he's telling us growing in what? Growing in education growing in the word growing in the fashionist talking about growing in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus. the other morning. You realize that you are not worthy because you know once you know that you have done something yourself in the name of the Lord as the prophet says choosing law anything to make it for every other day when came to him and preach to David was a man and David was not understanding broke the knew that he was the man. He went into a thinking and he went into his wives. He went to a searching moment and then he came up with Psalm 51. I was I was born realize man. So it is the breath of God that brought us where we are from there. But when you realize that it is the god grow in that that you can share the same grace your neighbor says we must grow in the grace of God and the knowledge of the person of not the person of the world knowledge of the person of the knowled Jesus Christ about reading the law of the person of Christ knowing him the name of the firstian chapter size 131. Jesus in the world was talking to a church who was not growing and grace of the pastor of God. that hear the word taken by the thinking about their businesses about their word of the Lord as good as they came that has been done in their life. time to feed on the word of God. These are people that you know leave the word of God in the Bible and they don't feed on the word. Praise the name of the Lord. Are you friends? The word of God has life and it must even atmosphere. Praise the name of the Lord. pick up the prophet here in the message that he says therefore if you just come say I offer Jesus Christ my life and you've never received the Holy Ghost come into it you must do it you must grow into it on top of like that until you become the full of a son of God of God taking the things of the world. First John says, if you love the world, the things of the world, it is because the love of God is not even in you. You've been deceived. You got the love of the world there. It has deceived you. The devil has by pinging things things on on onto there and showing see and then you cannot take one word of God out of the Bible by the name of the Lord. The prophet is telling us the only way you can grow when you word upon word. Ask God word upon word. Put word of God upon the word of God of the world here. The person of the world, putting the word of God on the word of God in a way. And then he says here that the devil has deceived us. You know by making us think that you can put one leg here walk in the middle of the line. He continues and says here he says what caused the first sin &gt;&gt; not by just a big point blank lie but because miscon con constitute. The devil did it to her. One word. One word broke the child and refused to take one word. That was the beginning of the Bible. [Music] that you see you can have this here. Just go and listen it upon here and after it go back the time that you meant to read the word of God before you leave the birds have eaten the word. Sometimes you go back and you have the word on the inside of you. Jesus told us and they receive the word and they go out rejoicing. God has spoken to my heart. God has blessed me. But in the morning there was no for for the word to put the root. It is choked. It withers away. &gt;&gt; And what do you do? The de the devil deceives you and you add on the world. Yet there is a life on the inside but because of the condition of the things that you're living in allowing the sick to grow. Let's pick up here in the message thirsting for life. He says I wish to read just some now from the Bible. [Music] I just love the reading of the word. And then he says, &gt;&gt; you know, the Holy Spirit feeds on the word. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone." And by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God, you just take it each day. You see where the emphasis is the word each day taking it only on Sunday. And then he says &gt;&gt; not as just a routine but just I would say to just make it that your heart craves for it to just sit down each day to read so much out of the Bible. It says you will be surprised what do spiritual growth. It will certainly it certainly will. Man shall not live by bread. You will be surprised when you continue in the word upon the word. Go back and read the word of the Lord. Get on the word of the Lord. Try to walk in the word of the Lord. God you in his way of the word the revealer of the wording it as a routine. Draw a calendar and say by every day we read the word at this time but craving for it because the nature the deep on the inside is calling for the deep. He says here in in another message planting the void. He says because that unbelief the cares of the world has bound the people until it cannot produce spirit of God. You see the problem the cares of the world it has bounded the people. It is not that they don't have the life. The life is on the inside of the cares. You see, it has bound the people until it cannot produce spiritual growth. That's what's the matter with our nation. That's the matter with our churches. &gt;&gt; They have no joy. The joy of the Lord has departed repeated one time in scripture. The Hebrew word of the presence of the Lord has departed. They no longer crave for the word. They are traditional religious people in the name of the Lord stand at a certain level. They are not growing because the Bible is not close to their hearts. They pray for for other things of the world and they are not craving for the word of God. You see that's why they not have time for coming for service. the prophet side that some people on Wednesday evening they put on a soap a TV to watch than going to church and then they say we are Christians because they are traditional Christians. Isaiah stood there &gt;&gt; and told the people that these sacrifices that God ordained himself, they are an abomination to them because they were offering them the tradition. It is se to be a revelation to be that they prayed for. So the prophet continues here and says that's over our churches &gt;&gt; because that we have left off of the original foundation and placed ourselves into creeds and denominations and permitted the things of the world to dry Yeah. Our experience with God. So when we walk each has departed. Praise the name of the Lord. The things of the world they have dried up our experience with God. Let's go in the comfort. As I see how it laid down here, &gt;&gt; the prophet says, "And if a man will shut himself from God spiritual son, sunship, there is something wrong with his spiritual condition." You see, It is just like getting a plant out and you put it on the inside here. You put it from the sun and you expect it to grow. There is something wrong with it. He continues and says, "For when a man refuses to walk in the leading of a good God, like who is our comfort, our strength and to live in his sunship sunshine is spiritual growth. It is spiritual strength to live in his sunshine, the shining of his glory. You see friends, Living in the sunshine of God, living in the presence of God, it is our spiritual strength. That's what gives us the flourishing of the of the fruit. We continue living in his presence, not standing in unchanging in the sunshine of God. It brings the glory of God around you. Praise the name of the Lord. And that's what brings up the fruit of the spirit. Not only coming in the presence on Sunday, and dwelling in his presence daily, walking in his sunship, in his sunshine daily, praise the name of the Lord. And then he continues and says, he says here and to live in his sunshine is spiritual growth. It is spiritual strength to live in his sunshine, the shining of his glory. It is the greatest privilege that we have to live under the sunlight of God. Look at that good healthy Christian. A Christian that is living in the presence of the Lord. Paragraph 58 says, "I the man or the woman that would put himself down into some cellar and would not see the sunshine, the natural sunshine that God has provided for him. He refuses to believe it and because of selfishness shut himself off, that man will soon become an of the Lord. Why? He has hidden away from the sunshine. He has hidden away from the presence. So he becomes anemic. He become fail. Praise the name of the Lord. And then he says he want to have good strength and have good health and he will stone because that he has shut himself off from the very privilege that God gave him. and he did it willfully. And then he says, "Then if we shut ourselves off from the glory of God, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the fellowship of the spirit, the first thing that you know, we become pale Christians. Our experiences growing out and When the great trials come, we can go back. We have shut ourselves from the right conditions of the city. He contin of God It takes that spirit who knows God where there is not a wave of doubt. I can stand in the midst of the trouble. cry out, my redeemer liveth, praise the name of the Lord that the soldier that we are praying this evening and we should be that are not shutting themselves away from the sunlight of God. And then he says down we shut ourselves off and they do it automatically. We do it because that we want to do it. But God is good. He provides it for us. But too many today want to get into that healthy place. God, a health Christian has a healthy spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. You see friends taking the word upon the word. the word upon the word you see. &gt;&gt; So let's pick up James chapter one and then verse one just to take an testimony and we shall stop somewhere there. So in the book of James 1 verse 21 he says wherefore lay apart all filthness and spute of noutness and receive with meekness the enrafted word which He had to leave his church. He had to leave all the doctrines that he had back then cross over here father son and the holy ghost. when Paul left the other side everything there I suffered them was a loss in the person of Jesus Christ. So when you come in here you leave the things of the word there and the word that is being planted on the inside of you may find ground to grow in the name of the Lord. The prophet continues down here and says, "Let's pick up in the in the message of wisdom five, how can it happen? How can the true word of God grow on this bobbed hair wearing cigarette smoking away? How can it do you when such pleasure loving seeking crowds as that hang out such things as that and the love of the world? How can the love of God come in? How can the seed of grow in such a ground? It will never it will never take root. It will never bring any life to it. It will lay there old dusted nomination rock. It will never bring life. Why? You have come and you have come with everything of the world. You see, he says the word will be there on the inside. You can't grow because you've come with your bobby hair, your cigarette, with your fornication. You've come with your adultery. You come with all of the things of the world around you there. Talking the word. [Music] And then he says pleasure seekers pleasures more than lovers of God. And then he says, "Why the word?" He says, "Yet they are smart. They are twice as smart as the other class." Praise the name of the Lord. And then he says down in paragraph 382, &gt;&gt; how can a lily live? How can a lily live and grow when it thrives on waters grow in one of those? How can it grow in one of those dust dominations? How can it do it &gt;&gt; when it thrives on water? Water is the spirit. As the prophet is telling us, we know the lily grows on the water. And when it is growing, it is you know it struggles through overcome the mud to bring it on top of the water. That you know dusted denomination is to grow a condition that does not favor its growth in the name of the Lord. And then he says here that they form they have a form of godliness the power of the spirit but the word falls on them they can't grow. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The word falls on them. and it can't grow. And then he says just like the word was on Eve but it couldn't grow. Why? She accepted wisdom. Satan is wisdom. The word comes to them. It falls on them does it will fall on them. They hear the word preached. Do you ever see people sit in the church? Did you ever see people sitting there? They never will make a move. To a woman about bobby hair after pass, talk to men about smoking, about drinking, drink. It's like pouring water on a duck's back. The ant got no place to grow. Praise the name of the Lord. It's that old pleasure seeking popularity and let the rest of the women do it fast. I hope you are following this friend. He says people come and sit in church because of the conditions around them. They hear the word and the word does not grow on the inside because of the situations that they are living. They are living in anishable condition where there is no praise the name of the Lord. And then he says in paragraph 384 though the word falls on them can't grow his wisdom seeomination dust. They can't believe in Hebrews 13 with wisdom for it to grow. How come they believe Hebrews 13? Tell them they say they believe it then show me the fruit of it of the Lord. He says if they believe it let them show it by the fruit. So getting back to James 1:29-21 where James is telling us to put away all the filthness of the world David says in verse 22 when you hear the word after making the condition is right the word be the doer of the word be doers of the wording your For if any of the do a man beholding his natural in a glass for he beholdeth himself goeth his way and straight away forgetth what man of God he was he was why he's hearing the word in the tradition in the After hearing thus say the Lord here he goes out and he has some Pentecostal friends. Even the other sister is a Christian wearing like this and then he and then she also takes it up that comes to every aspect of life in the word with another denomination out there. the law of liberty the word and then you go out and don't walk in it. You are like a man that looks at himself in the mirror. This is where his nose is out for where his nose is. Himself as the seed of Abraham is like the seed of who he is who he is. Praise the name of the Lord because the word is the thought of God. We come to hear the word. We are coming to identify ourselves with the songs of God for us today. Identify yourself of God and you go out and you don't remember who you are of God. That is forgetting himself. Praise the name of the Lord. He says, "But those who look the perfect law of liberty there being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work." This man shall be blessed in all his deeds. That's the man that is going to grow. That is the seed that is going to grow. Because when he comes prayerfully to hear the word of God, he goes out with that wine with that word in his heart. When he gets home, he takes time to meditate upon the word to remind himself of what the thoughts of God have spoken and then he begin to manifest. the fault of God in his life. That's why Jesus the people that believed on him continue in the word continuing in the word. No brings growth daily. Jesus does not desire unbelievers to continue his word because there is nothing to grow back to believe on the word mean there is a seed on the inside continuing the word continuing in the word revelation every day new revelation on a higher ground growing physally spiritually claiming the promises of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Spiritual growth can only come when the word of God has been sown in our heart with fertile bedding ground where the seed has a place to put its roots. And when the seed grows, The few are not choked by the by the cares and the riches and the pleasures of the world. Let us put them away. And Paul being a witness for me to amount to what amounted to you can write you letters you in the word of God some things praise the name of the Lord and he says that I continued on pressing to the mark of my high calling stop just start writing the letters The revelation that he had all the manner of word that he had pressing on and feeding on the word walking in the word spend three years in the revelation of God revealed to you. Praise the name of the Lord. Thereby he grew what we read about and Paul was a greater person. He lived a life of the gospel. God bless you. God bless you. Let's pray. Father, your word has told us that it is until the bed grounds are right, it may not bring forth. Father, we pray this evening that if there is any conditions here, if there is father in a heart that is like the westside ground, that is like the rocky ground that is like father ground. We pray heavenly father that may you may you send your holy ghost that he may mold that ground that that ground may be followed lord to be the good ground where the seed is planted brings forth lord. We pray father that if there is any person there lord that has been living in an itch condition that condition might be removed. Your servant David but his nature was walking away from you and he lived in a sin condition number of years. the Lord to send your prophet to reveal to him how he realized and he sought for your mercy. All your mercies were present for him. Father, we pray this evening your children they find grace and mercy before we pray for any person that is seeking the person that seeking father leadership and the guidance of the Holy every person Lord that is looking upon you this evening vision Lord spiritual revelation Lord to speak to them to answer different questions Lord I pray that you speak to them oh God and reveal yourself unto them in such a special way Lord and we commit each and every person that might be sick Lord and afflicted remember the services ahead Lord He says tomorrow Lord and in different places oh king of glory that may you grant to use your ministry in such a such a way we lift our pastors into your hands and all the ministers in this place Lord. May you continue father to anoint them and inspire them in such a way that they may bring your word according to your will. commit the rest of the day into your hand and father the rest of the week into your hands and may you come and lead us walk in your spirit walk in your presence to pile thy word upon the word Lord the doers of the word the people that are living healthy the word of Jehovah heavenly father that you may intervene in all our we appreciate your goodness We thank you. We thank you Lord and we bless your holy name. In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you all. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; To be like Jesus. [Music] To be like Jesus. [Music] Oh, I long to be like him. Amen. Like John [Music] from King. Do you appreciate Brother Martin? Amen. [Applause] We appreciate God. Sorry, we started the service a little bit late because of power and a problem with our generator, but we thank God that we've been able to catch up. Praise the name of our Lord. Actually, I was just still enjoying praise the name of our Lord. You know, it was becoming more interesting the way the scripture says that the word of God is sweeter than honey. Praise the name of our Lord. So, it just becoming sweeter and sweeter and you know to know about our spiritual growth. Just like when you're growing up, you know, you always try to find out how high have I grown up or how big have I grown up. Maybe you check the clothes you put on, you find maybe they are becoming shorter or tighter and then say I'm growing up. Or if maybe you can maybe run a longer distance, you know, and then for young men when they start developing beards, they want the beards to be seen that they are growing up. When the voice box also increase and say, you know, they want to talk like men, you know, it brings some form of excitement. Even young girls when they start putting on, you know, some breast coming up and different futures changing in their bodies, they say, "Yeah, I'm getting myself in the form that I need to be." Praise the name of our Lord. And that should be the same thing about the word of the Lord is, you know, the more we yield ourselves to the Lord is the more the life of God keeps on coming in us. That should be our desire. When you have the spirit of God, you'll always be motivated by that spirit of God to read the word to really testify about the word to really obey the word. And then you'll find that your life keeps on changing. There are things you took interest in, but then you find that you don't have even time for those things. But things of God are so exciting. You know that means that is growth. And you know growth brings maturity. Praise the name of our Lord. And we are living in the time whereby every seed that was sown in Genesis has to come to maturity at this age. We have got the fullness of the word of God, the maturity of the word, the full restoration. And so even Christ is coming for a mature bride. And the Bible, brother Brandham teaches us in the message the statue of a perfect man. He says that those people are waiting on us who have gone. You can imagine even brother Brham where he's lying resting is they're waiting on us. The Peter the apostles you know just imagine all those people from the day of Pentecost who have been sleeping on they are waiting on us the omega church omega bride of Jesus Christ. So we need to really see that we grow. If I had some weakness yesterday, let me call on the name of the Lord and say, "Lord, deliver me from this weakness." Praise the name of the Lord. If I had some form of failure, if I had some kind of thing, you know what the Bible says that even that which is lame, you know, let it not be taken out out of the way, but just aspire, Lord, I'm crawling on my knees. Father, give me grace to bend. And now when you bend, you thank God. If you can stand up, say, Lord, I thank you that I'm standing. Even if you take one step at a time, say, "Lord, I thank you." That is growth. Praise the name of our Lord. That should always be exciting us. You know that last week I did something wrong. I pray the Lord gives me grace not to do it this week. Praise the name of our Lord. That is growth. And the more we yield to the spirit of God, the brother Brandham says that you need to put the seed under the sun. If we also allow the sunlight of God to really continue to shine in our hearts, then you'll see ourselves changing our attitudes, changing, you know, hatred goes away, enimity goes away. So many those funny spirits keep on leaving. And then you'll see yourself that, hey, I used to have this kind of weakness, but it's no longer there. I used to do this kind of thing. I used to hate people. I used not to like people at all. But you see, but that has gone. This has gone. This has gone. That is growth. Praise the name of our Lord. And as long as we are still here on earth, we are still growing. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, like when you're still here alive, you need to eat. And this is the food the Lord has given unto us, the food in due season. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us be encouraged. Don't give up coming to services. Don't give up praying. Don't give up reading the word. Don't give up in any way. Don't just keep on pressing on as the Lord gives us more grace. So we appreciate brother Martin [Applause] when he told me yesterday that he wanted to travel today because he was delivering us 100 1,000 pieces of Bibles which were in Mukonos. So I told him if you can come and minister today it will be good and I thank God has given him grace. Praise the name of our Lord. So we appreciate God so much for that. We've come to the end of the service. Now on Friday, we have an overnight. You are likewise welcome. You know, all these are feasting points to grow. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, wait on the Lord, pray to the Lord, seek the face of the Lord. Then on Sunday, we shall have two services. The morning services for all of us. Then the afternoon service will be for the youth who are out of school, those who are not yet married and even those who are married. And I believe it will be more of an interactive to just see that you know we can get over to do the things you know here we rarely organize conversions you know but because they there are other burdens that we have like mostly the new believers that's a big burden the lord has put upon our heart so trying to reach out to those ones there we s we can handle that and then as a church here we find it is more effective if we can be with you in these kind of classes. Praise the name of our Lord. At least on a monthly basis, then you can know that there are things which can be helped in your life and then they are follow up. You know there is a brother I I text a message yesterday and then I was asking him because okay I was first conscious is he on WhatsApp or is not. I found he's on WhatsApp. Then I found is he in the church group or not? Then after I asked him, you know, I sent him a text message. Say, "God bless you." Jesse, is he active? I found he's active. He said, "God bless you. I'm fine." Then I asked him another, "Hey brother, do you really listen to our daily exaltations in the morning?" Now that was yesterday. He opened and read it, but up to now he has not responded. So when I checked his phone, of course he was on WhatsApp today, but my question has not yet been responded. Praise the name of you. Those are some good points of check. Is this one feeding or is not feeding? Is this one healthy or is not healthy? So some extent I also try to reach to one by one. So when I get to you of course it will be an inbox but this what I feel I should really get out. This brother is on WhatsApp brother what's happening? You know that kind of thing. Praise the name of our lord. So you know we need to see that we grow together. Praise the name of our Lord. So as I said we have overnight on Friday. Then on Sunday we have two services. The morning service for all then afternoon for the youth. Let us sing that song because he lives. Praise the name of I just felt that we just need to sing it. Sorry that we're a little bit holding you here but I just felt we just need to sing it. And then we close with our prayer. Because I confess tomorrow [Music] because it is [Music] all fear is gone because I Lord, he holds the future and life is one. The living just because it lives because it lives. Because he lives. [Music] I confess tomorrow because it is all fear is gone. [Music] Because I know that I know he holds my future and life is one a living just because it is old city. [Music] They called him Jesus. He came to save. He forgive. He lived and died. and brought my pardon. An empty tomb is there to prove my savior lives. Because he lives because he lives. I can face tomorrow because all fear is gone [Music] [Applause] because I know that I know he holds my fuel. [Music] And life is one a living because he live. How sweet to all a newborn baby and feel the pride and joy it gave. [Laughter] But great are still a comeuring. This child confess uncertain days because Jesus lives because he lives. Because he lives. Because he lives, I confess tomorrow. Because he live, [Music] all fear is gone. [Music] Because I know that I know he was my future and life is a living just because he live and in one I'll cross the river. I'll fight lies far. I know what we and they do. Earth of victory. I'll see the light of glory. And I know he lives. Because he lives because he lives. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow because all fear is gone. For fear is gone because I know I know he holds the future [Music] and life is worth a living just because he lives. Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we are thankful aren't you, Father, that you've made the way, heavenly father, even for our spiritual growth. How you made the way for the growth of the bot life, that there has to be the sunlight. There has to be the water and even the seed that you made, the original seed, and now you've made nature itself. That father by the power heavenly father of what you've made the great the spoken word even a seed that's barren before concrete if it can get the moisture and the sunlight it will always come out and be manifested and we are thankful heavenly father that even us who are in the denominations where in sin when the sunlight of god the message of the hour when it shined our way Lord we started growing and we are thankful heavenly Father that you're bringing us into the maturity Lord to be oh God the bride of Jesus Christ. How we are thankful father that this same message you showed that there must be the bride the preview of the bride coming forth and going into the rapture. How we are thankful heavenly father and now we have these great things you have promised so much before us. The manifestations of the sons of God. Oh Lord we are thankful. We pray that may your word take charge of our lives. May your holy spirit lead us Lord every other day Lord to cause us to read the word to cause us to meditate upon the word to cause us to obey the word that father we may bring the very manifestation of our Lord Jesus Christ. We pray Lord you may help every one of us in our weaknesses and our failures and every one of us in the name of Jesus Christ to really be born again that the life of Christ himself may live in us for it's that same life of Christ that will grow towards Christ to bring him forth until heavenly father the capstone and the and the whole body has to be one. How we love you and how we thank you. Thank for our brother that you brought forth our way to come and minister to us. We pray your cont anointing and use him Lord in such a special way that Lord your word may completely work in his life and in his ministry and even the church back. We pray may have bless his family also and bless us also together. Father even as we leave this place we pray may grant us traveling mercies that we be in the position to travel back home safely. Even we commit our pastor into your hands moving out for the missions that Lord may use him may guide him and grant himself to all and use him for the services of the Lord ahead of him and bless his families. So watch over them. Bless the outreach programs tomorrow we are going in different places. We pray may speak and bring these souls into your fold for the grow and of your name. We pray as we leave this place, may you bring us again on Friday for the overnight service of God and bring us bring us again on Sunday for the services of the Lord ahead of us. We love you Lord and we thank you and honor you Lord and glorify your holy name forever more in the name of Jesus Christ and please this. Amen. God bless you so much. Let us just sing that song as we go. He causing leather. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music]
