################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-03-13 - The Fiery Trials - Joseph Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-03-13
Title:   The Fiery Trials
Speaker: Joseph Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfwokhXBFy4
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joseph Coleman
October 16, 1966
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yeah. Amen. Let us turn to Malachi 3 16-18. Malachi 3 16 through 18. You pray for me this morning that I don't know what exactly what to say, but he does. He knows what you need this morning. And the gift here must be operated by him. Amen. From God to your souls. Amen. Amen. A royal priesthood. from God to your souls. But he must operate the gift, not me. If I operate, it'll be flesh. Amen. Letter. But if Christ operates this gift this morning, Amen. You got it. If Christ operates it, and he will, for I'm confident that he's here now. He's in his word. Amen. Then they notice now who we talking about. Then they that feared the Lord spake often, coming together, as they see that day approaching, spake often one to another. Not the sinners, not the world, but they spake often one to another. Amen. Amen. My my Let me read it again now. They that feared the Lord spake often one to another. Those that don't fear God live in the world. Believe the message. But those that fear God speak often one with another. Amen. Same mind, same heart, same soul, same desire, same everything. Their bodies show who they are. You don't have to worry about tell you got to believe it. You got to you don't have to do anything. They that fear the Lord, they'll come. Amen. That's right. And they'll come by the spirit of the Lord. If they don't come, the spirit of God didn't send them. Got to believe it just that way. Amen. And the Lord hearkened and heard it. And a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the Lord. See, and that thought upon his name. Isn't that wonderful? Now notice this. Now, now these people that are doing this, see, they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts. Amen. In that day, this day now, see, when I make up my jewels. Amen. My my He's making up his jewels, saints. Amen. And I will spare them as a man spareth his own son that serveth him. Then shall ye return. Malachi will turn your heart back then. Amen. Then shall ye return back to the word of God and fear coming together with the saints of God and so forth. Then shall ye return and discern. See, be able to judge with anointed eyes. Amen. I right now we don't know who who is a believer. Many believe the message. Hey, that's it. Many say, "Lord, I Lord, I love you, Lord." That don't mean nothing. Amen. But when this word comes, then you can discern who loves God, who's a liar, who is a a a makeeliever. Amen. You can discern. You don't say that. You just go on. See, then shall you return and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him. Now, how can you serve him? Present your body. A living sacrifice. Where at? To Christ. Not in the world. Amen. Amen. He that is joined with a harlot, Amen, is one flesh. You join out in the world, you are a fleshy one flesh with the world. The lera, the Philistines, they all over top of you. Amen. And you're bound. You because you can't get up. See, so we find also friends over in in first Peter. I want to go to first Peter the 4th chapter. the 12th verse. I'll read this because I could hardly read it for speaking on these verses. They're just right there. Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial, which is to try you as though some strange thing happened to you. What you getting excited about? Huh? Getting all worked up and everything. Why is this happening to me? Huh? Let me read again. See, beloved, he's talking to the bride here. See, beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial, which is to try you as though some strange thing happened to you. But rejoice in as much as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings. See that when his glory shall be revealed in the resurrection, Amen. Ye shall be glad also with exceeding joy. If God permits you, see, if ye be reproached, and you can only be reproached if he allows it. Amen. Try and drive his own. See, only if he allow you to be reproached, then you must be a special person to be able to have a trial. Amen. Only special people does God allow to have a trial. He don't bother the rest of them. Amen. Amen. Only his people, a peculiar people. Amen. a holy people. He lets the He just lets them have a a trial for him. Amen. Think on that now. That's That is wonderful, isn't it? Amen. My my You can see all the gloom leaving now. Cuz everybody here by faith says that they are these people. Amen. Then we must have trials. Amen. Wonderful. Praise God. If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, holiness and sincerity and truth and so forth as to why you're doing this. See, happy are ye for the spirit of glory and of God rested upon you. On their part, he's evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified. Amen. Amen. But now notice now, let none of you suffer as a murderer, as a thief, or as a evildoer, or as a busy body in other men's matters. Amen. Yet, if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed. Now, going into the world having trials is not suffering as a Christian. You went there yourself. Amen. God didn't send you out there by your own choice. There you went. If you want idols and gods in your heart, that's what you want. Therefore, you ain't suffering because because for his sake is when the evildoers come against you for serving the go because for doing his will. That's when you're suffering. And that's when you're being buffeted about not because not not for your own faults. That's wonderful because with him. But if you get buffeted about and you did it, that ain't nothing. So if you're in the world getting buffed about now, that ain't nothing. You asked for it. Amen. Think on that now. See, so yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf. Glorify him for it. If you're suffering, Bible says so. Amen. For the time has come that judgment must begin at at the house of God. And if it if it begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not this word? What is therein? See, and if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sin appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him. Other words, deposit your soul into his hands. And when he shall appear, you shall see it. Amen. It's in the bank. Amen. Amen. Put your soul in his bank and let him add to it. Amen. Amen. Let him work on on your soul in his bank. Is that right? And when he shall appear, you will see that you have much interest. Amen. Praise the Lord. And wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God. That's what I I just said. If you going into the world, that's not his will. Amen. Amen. Therefore, you're not in God's will. If you're out there suffering, it's only when you come into God's house. commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing. Keep on doing well. Some get weary. Don't faint. There's a crown waiting for you. Amen. The psalm, the song this morning, armed Christian soldiers, take up your cross, all fits together this morning. Amen. You see it now. As unto a faithful creator, may God a blessing to to the reading of his word. Well, friends, uh that has already laid out a background this morning for what I want to say. The Holy Spirit has already done it already. See, because through the word. So now for a few moments as the Holy Spirit would strike it just right. The Lord has descended from heaven with a shout. Do you believe that? Amen. I mean, he has already come with a shout. This is the seven seal message. This is a revelation to the bride of Jesus Christ. God has revealed this to her. This revelation gives her a super faith. For as she sees this word made manifest, it renews her faith in the word. Amen. Amen. But she waits on the word. She waits. And as she waits and the word is made manifest, she mounts up with strength. Amen. She sees it happening. Therefore, this is going on right now. Now the Lord has descended down to this earth which is a type of hell on the earth here. All the signs are here. The sodomites and all these different signs. They all here. And cuz Jesus said over in St. John 10, I am come that you might have life. Amen. And more abundantly. Amen. So therefore, he has come. Not come, he has come. The word of God has descended on earth with a shout. Amen. And in the Greek this shout means that there is a special significance between the one who gives out this command and those who are the the command is for something holds them together. Spirit of the Lord. Amen. Through Malachi 4 calling in his seeds of God. So we find friends that the life which is to be more abundantly has come through this shout. Seven seals, the full word of God being made manifest to his people. Amen. Then we see then that this has been revealed through Malachi 4, St. Luke 17:30, and Revelation 10:7. Is that right? This has come. Then we've seen a little humble prophet with the crucified, resurrected life of Christ in him. It wasn't the signs, wonders, and miracles, but it was the life that we saw that sets us free from bondage. Amen. Amen. The false anointed ones can have all kind of signs, but that don't set you free. Is when you see a life of Christ walking on the earth, that's what sets you free. Then you know you have a hope that you can do it. Amen. For God said that you would do it. See, but there's a certain way it must come. Amen. Amen. As Jesus was speaking over in in the parables over there, what man would go out and also build a house and don't sit down and count up the cost? Amen. So when the house is to be finished and he won't have enough money for it. Amen. Well, therefore, what person would come to Christ in this hour and think that he wouldn't have to die in the flesh? M what person would because come to this message now a flesh pot he'll come think he can live in the world live out think can you see the audacity of somebody that God would reveal his word to then take it and just because walk over on top of it as if as it was nothing and go out live in the world and think he's going in the rapture something's wrong with him you see me now so therefore we find friends that This is a revelation to want to live holy for Christ. It's a revelation. See, and we find that Paul said it pleased God who separated him from his mother's womb and called him by his grace. See, it pleased God to reveal his son in me. Amen. It pleased God to reveal Christ in Paul. Galatians 1:16. Amen. Amen. Do you hear what I said? It pleased God to reveal Christ the son through Paul. Amen. When Paul got that revelation immediately, he conferred not with flesh and blood. Amen. Amen. Amen. No, he didn't. And he didn't go up to Jerusalem with the bishops. He went to the wilderness with Christ. Amen. And every person that comes to this message must go to the wilderness with Christ. Amen. Not sit around in the flesh and with flesh and blood. Now, what do you think he means over here on the tape over here? Uh-uh. That's not it. That is and go to a man. Now, what's this mean over here? God must reveal his son in you. Amen. And through you. This is a personal revelation. Amen. Don't confer with flesh and blood, but coming together with the revelation, speaking often of the things of God as as a holy priesthood, praising and blessing his name, and going forth as a royal priesthood. Royal means that that you're somebody. Amen. Royal blood. We're royal seeds of God. Christ is the royal seed. But he said, "I will restore, saith the Lord. For in the resurrection will I find many royal seeds like unto myself." Amen. Amen. But these royal seeds must be purified first. Amen. Washed by the what of the word. Amen. Sanctified, ready and meat for the master's use only through the word. Amen. Amen. So we find friends then that why is this going on? Why has this washing come to make up his jewels? Amen. Is that right? He said, "I'm making up my jewels." Amen. So therefore, we find when he make up his jewels, the people by a revelation who know that they're one of his jewels don't mind being cut. Amen. And also polished. Amen. Amen. For they're being fit into his crown. They don't mind at all. They don't think it's strange. It's hard for anything to come. Amen. Lord God, let thy will be done. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. They think on his name. They walk in holiness, sincerity, in truth. They don't worry about the evildoers who talk against you all the time. They don't worry about those who God would reveal to him that what you do as unto the Lord. See, like in here, if he's over here on his tape recorder, that's between you and God. If it's a deacon, L, that's between you and God. You ain't doing that for me, friends. You're doing it for the Lord. But when somebody would complain, maybe if Brother Hun or Brother Come if if they give out an order for the tapes for anything in here and you don't like it, you don't like the Lord for you're doing unto the Lord, not unto me. Amen. Amen. So therefore what happens you find that communication breakdown. So amen mean now that there's nothing there's no bond between you. Amen. That's why when the when Christ over in St. Luke 24 when the resurrection had come to pass when the word of God said he would raise the third day. Even the unbelievers knew he was raised for they went and got a stone and seal his tomb. Amen. Amen. But the believers didn't know it. Amen. Here was these women coming to his grave to because dress him with odors and perfume. They were coming for a dead god. Amen. And they were already worrying, who's going to move the stone? Who's going to do this here before they even got there? Just like people come here to service this morning. I don't feel good. This happened here. coming to God's service where he's at in his word, in his presence, and they're worrying who going to move the stone. And when they get there, the angel of the Lord had already moved the stone. Amen. God has already done it. He has already paid because paved the way for you. But if thou can't believe, take it. Amen. And don't stagger. Amen. I walk into the hospital and see it laying there. I don't look at anything laying there. I look at the word of God. Amen. Amen. This if you are to see to Abraham you have that faith where you stag or not and either you going to show it now or you never going to show it. It's got to be shown now. Amen. Amen. So we find then that just like those two disciples walking down that gloomy road to Emmas that was a sad road to walk. Amen. Amen. He said, "What kind of communications because are you having you're sad as you walking down this road? What is this all about? I gave you my word. I came and showed the way." And yet before because of their unbelief, he walked right beside them. Amen. Right beside them. See? And they didn't know it. But as he moved up and began to exalt him in the word, keep and step, keeping step, keeping step. See, and unbeliever because because then it leaves. See, he brought the word to them as they break bread. Their eyes were open. Amen. The eyes were open. Well, we are Christ has already come with a shout. Amen. Then he said through his prophet, I will ride the same trail with the bride all over again. Amen. In the resurrection. Well, then what kind of communication are you carrying on now? Sad and down and gloomy, worrying about this and looking at this and looking at look at the word. Amen. For when those disciples get off of that road to Emmus. Amen. And get on it when Christ breaks that word. For then those same two disciples, when that word began to come in, they said, "Then our hearts burn within us as we thought on the word." Amen. As a prophet preached, "Think on your way and turn your feet to his testimonies. Oh fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have said, they are they which testify of me. Christ could not come unless he came by the word. Amen. Now watch this. Now before 6,000 years ago, nobody would know anything about Christ at all. Is that right? Then down through all the age with all the prophets, they said he would come. Then he only came because they said so. Did you understand then? Now they came because the word said so. Well, then the same word said he would raise the third day. Amen. But they just couldn't believe all that the prophets had said. Believe every word. Amen. So therefore, then if Christ came by the word, the bride must come the same way. She comes by the word of God. Amen. Those two disciples, St. Luke 24:33, went into a wonderful service. Is that right? There was the 11 gathered there and the rest of them there and they ran in there. They had doubt in there. They was afraid. The women had come and said because he's risen and Peter because he had ran off. Notice there there's a type of your ministry meeting Christ and God and nobody knows anything what Christ told Peter. Is that right? Amen. For the ministry now should be in seclusion with Christ. Did you get that? It must be a love affair. Something he reveals something that that he spoke to Peter gave him restoration gave him faith gave him courage. Amen. to go and wait on God. You see me now. Then these two disciples with their hearts stirred and turned to the word busted into that gloomy meeting. Amen. And they say he's risen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. As they exalted and they exalted for they met Christ on the road. Amen. And he's here today with his spirit, with his word. But if you'll only fake on him and turn your feet to the testimonies, fake on him, then you can go into any two or three gathering where they're sitting around all gloomy and afraid that he won't do it. You follow me now? That he ain't the same yesterday, today, and forever. Walk in there with faith, friends, and exhort one another. Think on his name, on his holiness, and so forth, and walk in the light. Amen. Amen. So we find then that as he did that as they did that the testimony of two witnesses always testify of the things in the last days he accept the Holy Ghost it shall testify of him. Amen. By a revelation faith you see. So therefore that that's why we exhort you when you're around your groups. If you talk negative like they were talking there's no Holy Ghost there whatsoever. You just die. The this tongue has the power of death and life. Amen. Says so in Proverbs. What you say, you bring a spirit of death all around you. Well, the Lord Satan said this and the devil did this to me. You follow me now? The Bible says, "Count it joy when you fall into doubless temptations." Amen. Think on these things, friends. You yourself must do it. You should be joyful praising God. When you would fall into one temptation, should thank God for it. We'll find out why. Amen. Amen. So, we find then that as they see these things happening, they fell into this meeting, notice now these two disciples come in there and there they were exorting. You don't have to be a minister. Two disciples. Amen. They were exalting. They were believing. Amen. And also was Mary. She was believing. They all were believing. Now with that atmosphere, Christ suddenly appeared through the wall. Amen. Amen. Amen. And if God can get up a group like that here, Amen. he will certainly come to his temple. Amen. Amen. But let everybody, minister, deacon, elder, woman, man, exhort one another on the word. Think on these things. Speak often one another on the word of God. Think on his holiness, not bank accounts and things in the world. Think on God. Amen. Amen. Amen. We find friends that but today everybody's self style. You got to beg them to do everything. Well, do you want me to do that? Can you imagine that? People say, "Well, do you want me to do that?" They call you on the phone say, "Well, should I do that? Do you want to do it?" Then if you're doing do it unto the Lord, but they got to call you up. Do you want me to do that? No. Christ between you and him. Every man should know what he wants to do. You don't have to ask me because should I do that? Do it as unto the Lord. Amen. Amen. So we find friends that on a tape heard the other day here, brother Brandon doing God's service against his will because at the end of it, he says, "Our money, property, things of the world have no meaning. Just so temporal." And I was wondering why the Holy Spirit has kept crying out through hell for a whole month now against all these things. And I pick up that tape and there it was right there. Bring what you're saying to the message. Bring it to what has already been said. Amen. Exhort you, remind you of these things. That's all I'm doing. Amen. Amen. He said, he said, just so temporal, all of them must go. Our jobs, places, friends of the world, everything must go. Relatives, you know what I mean? No matter how rich, how poor, how popular we are, there is only one thing for our being here. Christ. Amen. Praise God. Only one thing for us being here. Christ expressed us here. A seed of God was in our hearts in this 63. From from there on, that seed opened up when it met Malachi 4. Amen. And this age said that that seed would do certain things. It would have faith. It would exalt one another. It would have love. Therefore, the seed opens under the hot presence of the sun and declares itself in that age. Amen. Then that's why they return and they discern. For it declares itself. You don't have to beg it. It's not a because a hot bed plant. Is that right? No. Because a hot house plant. Amen. You don't have to beg it and water it. Amen. It source itself. It Listen, you are a holy priesthood. Do you realize what you are? You are continually to be given up spiritual sacrifices to Christ, thanksgiving and praise and present in your body. That's all. You follow me? Now when you do that there, then you know how to walk with God. So we said also, let us lay aside everything as secondary and hold to him. He is the word. And that's exactly what we was preaching here. lay aside because you can have it, but don't put nothing over Christ. Don't trust in anything in the world. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Don't coveret nothing here, friends. For there's something fixing to happen. Amen. Don't let the Lord, your Lord, come and find another secret love in your hearts. Amen. Come and let him come and find you clean. Hold on. Nothing in this world having it. Praying. If you have anything, we'll go to Christ and say, "Lord, what would you have me to do with it?" That's all. He'll show you in due time. Amen. It might take a year. It might take two months. I don't know. But he'll show you. But you don't have to get panicstricken and uh say, "Here, like here, wait on God." Amen. And then then you know it's Christ. It may take two months, three months, but you know it's God. Amen. Amen. So we find now the shout has come. Is that right? Then if you understand that the seven seals, the resurrected life of Christ is here. Amen. It's here. Where is it at? In the word. In the word. For every royal holy priesthood. Amen. You are a royal priesthood. A holy priesthood. You are every man, child, and woman. That's you. Therefore, you have something to do. You don't have to feel left out because you ain't preaching. That's right. Well, a royal priesthood. And now understand this. Now, Melzdc can be touched. Is that right? Well, then if you are Melzdic's body and he's touched, then you'll find out what he wants to do in prayer. Is that right? Then you go to where you have to go. You might have to go to the hospital. You might have to go over there to pray for a sister. I might have to give him an offering. You I don't know. Can you understand this now? Amen. But where will you find this out? Not running around with sinners, not flat jabing around in the street somewhere standing around because of because being a busy body or not sitting around in the flesh but on your knees. That's where you find out if you are a holy priesthood. I don't know. But you know. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we find friends that the resurrected life is now here in the word. Amen. That's why Paul said, "Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord." Is that right? Always. Not tomorrow or right now in service when you walk downstairs there. Amen. Take the same word with you all day. You follow me now? Well, come back here tonight lifted up to God and ready to praise him again. You follow me now? Whatever happens, a a slur, a dart, buried about in your body. Don't say a mumbling word. He didn't say anything. Arm yourselves with the mind that Christ suffered because for us, arm yourself with the same mind that we will suffer for him. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you don't deny, you must deny everything here or he shall deny you. Amen. Amen. So therefore we find then that always bearing about in our body the dying of the Lord Jesus. Why? That the life may be made manifest through you. Amen. What life? The resurrected life that you saved because you have now the word of God is here. Is that right? Amen. Then we all have a cross to bear. Is that right? We all got a cross. You see? Then our cross is to have our bodies walk among our friends, relatives, jobs in the street, bearing about the dying of the Lord. Amen. Shame and reproach. Not fighting back, not getting mad, washed, sanctified, clean, praying, watching, ready, looking for your master. Amen. Not holding nothing down here. If one gets sick, we all all of us gather around. These signs shall follow them that believe. Amen. Amen. What happened here? Sister See with a sacrifice. There she lays. There she's in God's hand. But one thing we know, she as Paul was was because blind for because three days. Amen. He was near. There he was blinded out to the world. There he because he was in God's hand. But when he came from that blindness, rise up, wash your sins away. Amen. Calling upon the name of the Lord. Sister to see Brooke as she is coming out of the fog now. She's calling upon the name of the Lord for she was he was there with her in that trial. He was right there with her. Now she knows that he brought her through. Can't nobody take that from her. She had a personal experience with God and it purified her. And now her heart is giving out spiritual praises to God. Thanksgiving and praise Jesus. Jesus all the time. Amen. That's the reason why friends think on that. Amen. You understand this now? But some of you get what happened to her? Did she sin or what happened there? Forget about it. It's in God's hands. Amen. Speak often one to another on the word with faith. Don't walk down be gloomy road. What? Amen. Let always be in faith. Do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So we find friends that as we do this see Malachi 4 came the same way he died out to everything. We saw that resurrected life of Christ in him. Many of the signs and wonders and miracles you didn't even see them. You know that he could do them. Amen. But you saw him the life for many of them were done in secret. You didn't see them cuz he wouldn't even tell you about them. But you saw life a resurrected life of Christ. And that's what has set you free. For you know that there is a God. You saw him. You felt him. You touched his hand. He walked among you. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. So now, as we go on the cross, excuse me, die out in his flesh. See, the anointing gets stronger and stronger. That's right. If you won't take the word, there's no anointing. But it seems so simple and so easy. But that's just the way it is. It won't come no other way. Now, so you may understand it, God, may he send his Holy Ghost and open up your minds when you fight the deacons, when you get mad at the sisters or or because of brothers or or want to question what we're doing here or if we tell you to do a certain thing or are you dying? What kind of anointing is up on you? Amen. Think on it now. When you spat and fight with one another and devour one another, what kind of anointing is that? But when we are dying armed with the mind of Christ, humbling ourselves through the word of God, Lord, not my stinking will, but thy will be done. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is that right? Not my will. Yes, my Lord. David said in Psalm 39, "Though I burn with fire within me, I held my peace." Amen. Yes, sir. David held his peace from good. Amen. Though he would want to correct somebody living in the world, did you get that? He held his peace. For they must do what they are doing. Amen. And you leave them alone. Pray for them. Amen. Amen. David held his peace from good. For it's a revelation. By this time, it should be realized by this time that seed should have opened up sometimes 63 and shown you something, not gone back into the world. Amen. Amen. Well, then be spiritual. Leave it alone. Pray for them. Try to pull them out of the fire as best you can. See, but God must reveal it. And the best way you can do it is to live that life. They know it is real. Amen. You don't have to beg nobody. Persuade them. They know you're living. You come to church here. You love the brethren. You give up your substance. They know. They know it. God will make them know it. Amen. Now we find then that then we by faith reckon ourselves dead. Amen. our own lives is finished with for it's only in the evening time cuz back in Exodus they kept the lamb up the lamb was alive in the house that right for 14 days that right he was alive he walked the earth manner and so forth humbled himself amen but in the evening time the lamb had to be slain amen and the people in the house had to identify themselves with that slain lamb then they must die is that The only way you can be identified with the death. I hope you get it. We die to be identified with his death to what? To the world and things around us. Then if we die and suffer, we shall reign with him. We shall be glorified. Amen. For our lives are hid with Christ in God. And when Christ appears in the resurrection, we shall appear also. Amen. Amen. But the glory of God will hide you from everything around and hide you from the world and she'll go out ahead and won't even see you. Amen. He'll come as a thief in the night, friends. He's coming all the time getting the anointing is getting stronger and stronger as he purges out his people. He knows how to do it. He knows how to do. He's purging right now through trials, fiery trials. Amen. Are you Are you following me this morning? Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Now, friends, this is the word in its season. See, we ain't preaching no great signs and wonders right now. Uh-uh. See, the word dying out, bearing about always the dying of the Lord in the body. That's the season now. That's the season now. When the when his glory shall appear, then you'll see that. See the bride is to be kept in step exhorted fear and and because they on his name and all these things always have an atmosphere of faith around you. See what I mean now? Now now this revelation see of Malachi 4 is a revelation. Revelation is faith. See faith is the revelation of God's will. Amen. Well what is God's will? that there is going to be a resurrection. There's going to be a rapture when all around you by their lies profess is not though they say it is. They don't live like it. Amen. Therefore, that's how you can discern. As we have returned to this revelation, we can discern those around us who fear God, who are wicked, who are make believers, who are false anointed ones, who are flesh pots in the world. Amen. Hey, we can discern now. Amen. As we we return, we can see all those devils running around. Amen. Amen. Are you following me now? Why can you see? Because God revealed it to you. That's why you can see it. Now, that gives you faith to live the word to do it. How can you do it other than faith from God? Therefore, you renounce the things of the world. Amen. You renounce them. You're pilgrim and strangers, holy nation, royal priesthood. You come from your father and you go back to your father. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Then the rapture is at hand. This is a revelation to the bride. She's making ready. Amen. She's making ready, friends. The bride is making ready right now. She's making ready. See now, this faith is a revelation because it has been been revealed to us. And like Abraham, we call all things contrary. Amen. Amen. For we have faith. Now, see, okay, the bride of this hour is built on this revelation. Is that right? I'm just reminding you now. She's built on the revelation that there's going to be a rapture, that there's going to be a resurrection. She knows that. She's making herself ready. Amen. She's thinking on the name of the Lord. She's coming together in fear of God, spakeing often one to another. She's because dying out to the world bearing about in her body the dying of the Lord. Amen. What the seed must rot. Amen. Amen. And bring forth life. Amen. Okay. The word must go into you sink in your heart and it will come forth life. Amen. See? Okay. We find then that the bride is built on the revelation that there is going to be a rapture. That was the whole thing. See? Okay. The seed in your heart open up in 63. Declare all around you a testimony. You follow that you believe the prophet's message. That's all you're supposed to do. You declare it. And he said, "Love one another. Therefore, you love one another." He said, "Come out of the world." You come out of the world. Amen. If you live in the world, come to church and back and forth, you prove that you don't have the revelation. There's nothing because of fight about. You don't have to fight over that. You prove it yourself. You have no desire. There's no seed in you there. There is nothing there. The seed never got a chance of this message to fall into your heart. It hit the top side of it. See now, but those furs didn't dig deep down in there. Amen. They get it planted down there good. See? So we find then that the bride then knows that judgment begins in God's house. That right? Amen. God said he is going to judge the gentile nations. But he cannot judge him unless he judges those in his own house. Amen. Amen. Well, who's in his house? Tears. The kingdom of heaven is like unto tears and wheat. Is that right? They're in God's house. That's who's there. So he brings the word on the earth through a shout in 63 judges all the tears, the makeel believers, the chaff and the bride. Judges everybody, but this whole thing is secret and nobody really knows what's going on since ' 63 but the bride and she's making herself ready. Are you understanding? She's making herself ready, friends. But it's such a humble simple thing that the others they don't know what's going on. They just other words some people think it's the same Pentecostal church. Maybe you come out of a Pentecostal church and maybe because all y'all come up together and you might say uh uh Joe and Hunt and this and that. That's in your Pentecostal church. You think it's the same thing right now cuz you don't know what's going on. You don't even understand. You might say Frank Nino this one that one is never brother and humble and thinking about the needs of one another. The bride is doing that right now. Amen. She's going to Christ for her brother. And then when she sees her brother delivered from the fire, she praises God, brother. She bring up that phone telling you all about it. She ain't cool and blas. Yeah. Praise the Lord. You know, uh-uh. She's fervent in her spirit. Amen. I mean, she shows that uh there's something there, life there, something. She's not dead. And when Christ comes down week after week after week, she's praising God the more, the more, the more, the more. Amen. with that atmosphere. He suddenly comes to his temple is building up now. Amen. Yes, it is, friends. Maybe you don't know, but I know it. I'm persuaded that he's doing that. Amen. Is coming, friends. Yes, sir. So, we find then that the bride is taking up her cross daily. Just Just taking my time. A little tired. Amen. Why she's taking her cross? For she knows. She's got a revelation that he's making up his jewels now. Amen. She knows that. She's not. Nothing persuades her against that. She calls everything else contrary. She said, "I am the bride." Amen. I am. And I'll show by life. I'll love the brethren. I'll pray for the needs in the assembly. I don't have to be called on the phone and say, "Well, do you want me to do that?" I mean, if God has put you in this assembly here to do a certain thing, no matter secretary, treasurer, tape, deacon, whatever God has given you, don't you wait for me to come around and ask you to do it. You better do it yourself. You better call up and find out how can I best do this thing myself. Amen. For if you just sitting around and waiting for somebody or certain brother to explain it to you or you can't ask this little humble brother because that would be because beneath you because your pride. Well, we have to see about that. You better come friends and you better not keep on waiting. You better come and find out and ask on these things. Somebody understands that. Amen. Amen. It's all for purpose. I hope that thing is driven home. So many people lack a dasical. Well, I don't know how I have to work, you know, and I haven't got time to do God's service. You see? So, let us wake up, friends. Thomas missed the service. Amen. There'll be many like Thomas as a type. The prophet of the Lord said that Thomas missed the service. He said, "But he's just planting seed. We're just planting seed." See, for he says that when these things which he has prophesied when they happen, then they come and say, "Give me the oil now. Now I want to do as service unto the Lord now." Oh, it's too late. Do it now. You follow me now? Do it now. And break that hard spirit pride. Break it. Let the word of God crush that thing and be humble and mellow and meek. The lowest brother, sister in your midst, who you think is low, serve that one. Amen. And you serve God. Amen. Amen. Serve that one. Don't do it for flesh works to glorify yourself. Many people like to say uh uh so many this I saved so many souls. I got so many prayed for and all that is here. Put their names up and everything. That's flesh works, friends. Amen. Humble people, they don't do that. Brother man said the first mark of the Holy Ghost is humility. So when I see a person on p that ain't God, I know it ain't God. It's not in the word. Yes sir. When I see somebody hard, cut them down. Give them see right now. That ain't Christ. That's a legalistic spirit. When I see husband and wives that are hard and this and that and they can't bend, something wrong with them. They got to come together in the fear of God and love one another. Illustrating Christ and the bride. Husband hard, wife hard. Something is wrong somewhere in this late hour 1966. Something is wrong. Repent and come to God. The word. The word. What shall I do in the word? Husbands and wives. Examine the whole word. Examine 1 Corinthians 7. Find out what you're supposed to do over there. Examine that over. It's right there. You don't have to figure it out. You It's in the word. Amen. Examine that. See, God is chastising right now because he loves you. There ain't much time friends for to sit around selfstyle way know everything and been in in this message a long time. God hates that is going to Europe to the islands to Africa Australia we are being judged there by the word. They haven't even heard it yet. But when one seed falls into their heart my God look at them run. The Germans right now want to put all the books out. They got a zeal for God. That's why. That's why started with Luther cuz who knows? Amen. We don't know these things. Amen. See so therefore we find friends that right now the Holy Spirit is chastising and rebuking because he loves you. He's trying to wake you up. And then you find that oh so and so got a burden for the Lord. She loves her father. She loves her mother. this one. Nobody else does because but her that's flesh. Amen. That's flesh. Do you understand that? Oh, no. You say she loves the Lord and she she does what? Mary and them loved the Lord also and they thought he was dead. Is that right? They went to they they thought he was dead worshiping Christ. A dead Christ. Amen. That was works worship to come to worship. See thought he was dead. Who going to move away to stone? Say amen. type of the church. You understand? I hope you get this now. Type of the church. Say amen. So we find then friends that the bride today, are you with me? Amen. She is like Rebecca. Genesis 18 over I think is I mean Genesis 24. All right. Okay. Eliza came from his father's house. Amen. Came from Isaac's father's house. He was a servant. All right. He came with gifts because to find a bride, we all know the story. But Eloza went to hunt that bride. And that bride said, "I will leave this world and never come back here again." Mother, father, I I'm leaving here. Amen. Amen. Now, now notice this. Now, she had uh because jewels of gold, jewels of silver, and a special raignment that she had to put on. That right? She put it on. So, she was going to meet Isaac whom she never saw. But yet she believed and rejoiced. Amen. For she knew that because she was going to see him. Well, Elozer, as he took her on that camel, the Holy Ghost, over the desert waste place through all kind of trials and so forth, he told her all about Isaac. Amen. Eloa told Rebecca about Isaac. As the prophet of the Lord has taken us, he's telling us all about Christ. Amen. Why? before he knows him. Elisa watched Isaac grow up. Amen. Amen. The prophet watched Christ grow up from 33. He knows all about it. Amen. He's a prophet. Amen. And when they got there, Amen. When they got there, Isaac lighted off. It was in the evening time. That right? The Bible says so. But one thing Isaac recognized on Rebecca and she dropped down the veil. Amen. Just before she saw Isaac, she dropped the veil. But Isaac recognized what did he recognize on her? He didn't know her. Jews of gold, jewels of silver, and the dress that his father gave her. Amen. Let it sink. Amen. Amen. Well, Christ said, "Shall I return? When I return, shall I find faith on earth? It'll be there. It won't be many. But when he returns, he will recognize Malachi for message dialed out to the world. Gold faith, silver redemption, and a white robe. Amen. For Eloza took that reignment that she might be adorned with that as she met Isaac. And the gold and the silver. Amen. When Christ comes to see us, we are his jewels, polished up by Malachi 4, cut and fit in the right place. Amen. All right. We put the robe on. Put it on. Put that robe on. Amen. And stay there with that faith. And realizing that the Holy Spirit, the presence of the son has wrought a work in you. Amen. Amen. Other words, and this thing was was in the sculpture's house. It was veiled. Amen. But when he took it off for the public showing, it was beautiful. Speak bride. Amen. Sewing on it. So because enthusiastic that he said speak and the bride will speak. Did you get that? Amen. You understand that? Amen. Praise God. So we find then that Christ will recognize the faith that his prophet restored in the bride for it's a revelation. It's a revelation. Amen. And she's doing it in the fear of God. So now we find in friends that the message to shout has called the bride together. The next thing to happen a loud voice is to wake up the dead in Christ. Anything else to do? If you ain't doing it now, it'd be too late over there. So you can sit around self-style and wait for somebody to ask you to do your own duties that you supposed to be doing unto the Lord. You can criticize it. You can don't think, well, brother Cole, brother Hunter said that I should do it this way, but I don't think so. God know what you said in your heart. I don't have to hear you say it. You can talk to so and so about me or this one that way cuz it doesn't bother me. You follow me now? But he knows what you said in your heart to the other person, what you think about it. He knows whether you are thick and just won't bend your own weight when somebody's trying to tell you something nice and soft to you. He understands that. Amen. Christ understands that. He understands also if you're so uh cool and uh you just well yeah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You know, so cool and blas. He understand that also. Fervent praise to him. a holy priesthood off up from the soul to God, not the spirit's anointed. Hallelujah. Flesh works and scream and shout and dance and go downstairs and talk about the pastor and also your sister and brother and get in the car. You ain't fooling nobody. You ain't fooling cuz nobody at all. That's flesh works. Amen. Amen. That gets home. You know that just sinks deep down in there. Yes, sir. Christ the word chastises. You understand? See? So therefore the next voice, a loud voice that you hear will be the dead in Christ. A loud voice to awaken the dead in Christ. Then they with those who are alive on the earth, whatever trial is to come, whatever press is to be, it'll be here. But you better be ready. Yes, sir. You better be ready. But we finding that this message that Malachi as a testimony to Elijah as many are running all over and said, "Dear Joshua, no, you're not. this message. Christ Jehovah savior the word has prepared the bride is now doing it until the last one comes in. It may be in New Zealand. I don't know where it's at. I don't know where she's at. But when that last one comes in, that's when he's coming. That's when he's coming. Well, it could happen tomorrow. You follow me now? Well, God knows whether your heart is right. I said your heart is right. We all stumble and fall. Amen. But a perfect man bridles his tongue. That's what James said. A perfect man bridles his tongue for he knows that that tongue is like a fire and a fire has licks a flame. Jealousy and hate and so forth from that fire that tongue. Amen. It licks out of everybody. Amen. But the bride, she's humble, coming together in the fear of God, loving the brethren, respecting the ministry and one another, submitting her submitting herself. You may have known somebody all your life and said, "Well, see, I can't really humble myself to that person because because I grew up with them." You can't. God is no respective person's friends. Amen. Think on that one. Draw on that filter right now. Draw on that filter. Draw on that. Now, if you cannot do it, you prove what's in your heart. If you're laughing and jesting and fooling around, God knows what it is. I'm preaching the word of God to you this morning that you may make yourself ready. I'm preaching like there is no tomorrow and it's not. This is the day he's making up his jewels right now. Amen. So we find then friends that for about another 5 10 minutes or so Jesus said oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have said then if we can receive that we receiving the message. For if we believe all, then the Bible says we are called to suffer. Is that right? We are called to suffer. I mean, you're called to that. That's your holy calling, your heavenly calling. Isn't that wonderful? Amen. That's our calling. Amen. We're called to that. We have to suffer in this flesh. And God knows what thing is in your heart to keep you from suffering. Some just don't want to suffer. They ain't going to suffer. They're not going to humble themselves. No, they refuse to do it. See, but we're called to it. See, so now first Peter 4, turn over with with me, please. First Peter, um, the fourth chapter, cuz you can get it. So therefore, Peter said, um, Paul said, if we suffer, we shall also reign with him. Is that right? Peter said over in the first chapter rather, of first Peter 7, the sixth verse. Now from verse 1 through verse 6, see Peter has the people in this epistle up in heaven telling about the wonderful things of God. Amen. Tell them that we have an inheritance reserved stored up in heaven for us. Amen. They up in heaven. But now when he comes down to the sixth verse because you have it. See he says speaking about the things up in heaven. Now wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season if need be. Well, watch this. Now you see in verse six, he says, "Ye greatly rejoice and we rejoice over Malachi 4, seven seals, the bride, all these wonderful things." Amen. We rejoice over these things. Do you understand this now? Amen. We know that we're on the way to heaven. But listen here as Peter's saying here. See, though now, though you greatly rejoice. See, though now for a season, if need be, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations. Now, let that word sink in. Now, see a little teaching right here. If need be. By who, God? Are you? Are you getting it now? I mean, if there is a need for you to have a temptation, I'll give it to you. I'll allow you to have it if need be. That's what he said here. Is that right? So, he's got him up in heaven as we all like to stay up there. Amen. But we have to come down to earth sometime and sort of cut a little bit. Amen. We have to do that. See, cuz your faith is on the earth. Amen. You got to display it down here. Amen. See? So therefore he says, "So though now for a season," see, other words, for our light afflictions, which is but for a moment, that's all for a season. See me now, it workketh a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. But if need be, you are in heaviness through manifold temptations. You see, he drops on the earth. He said, you may be put to various trials and tribulation. That That's what he's saying. See me now. And he says that this heaviness here which he's speaking about here is the soul your soul being under pressure. Amen. From things in this world. See this heaviness is here. It's got to be here friends. It's is for these trials which every day they come against you. Amen. These trials are here. Well then if they're here there is a needs be and God has sent it. Is that right? Why is he so Christ wants to draw out to develop what's in your heart. See, by these trials, for these trials, they purify you. They get you ready. Amen. Amen. So, he's making up his jewels. He's polishing them. He's cutting them. See what I mean? Now, through these trials, the fiery trials. Amen. So therefore God sees thee need be though only for a season a moment of time. This light affliction is a light affliction. That's all it is. See this tribulation works patience. Patience works experience. Experience works is hope. Is that right? Hope make it not ashamed. All right. You're a child of faith. The faith sphere is on the earth. See, God gives you a revelation of the resurrection and the rapture, right? We all have this faith. All right? Faith is a revelation of God's will. All right? He never gives faith without proving it. Amen. Amen. He never once gives faith without proving that faith. Amen. God always proves that faith. I'm trying to drive this home. Psalms 105:19 says, "Until the time that his word came, the word of the Lord tried him." Until the time that Christ came, his word which he left there tried the people. Amen. Amen. Tries you. See, and it brings forth the fruit. James 5:7, the husband has long patience waiting for his word through trials to bring forth the fruit. When it comes forth, he comes for it. Amen. You see it? And therefore, that's when everything is made manifest at his appearing. He appears as all made. There's the tears, the makeel believers, the bride. They're all standing there. It's all made manifest, friends. That's why this morning chastisement. You better receive it as a son of God. See, therefore, our type of this fiery trial is over in Daniel 3. Turn over there, please. Daniel 3. Are you still with me? Kind of quiet right now. Amen. My my But stay with me now. Amen. This is the word of God. See, if I ain't preaching the word, then something else. But I'm preaching the word. See, and only the bride receives the word. Amen. She knows he's make up his jewels. She knows that. And she has fear of God and she wants to hear these things. See? Amen. So therefore, now we have a tight for about five minutes here. The three Hebrew boys, Shadrach, Abednego, what's the other one? Khach. That's right. Well, just quickly, they had a great trial coming up, a fiery furnace. Peter says, "Think and not strange." Amen. Don't get all excited. Don't be amazed. Don't be because bewildered. You follow me now? Don't get all, "What? What? What's going on? Thinking not strange, friends. These trials must be if needs be. Amen. If needs be. Well, if you don't believe it, just look at God's prophet. Are you the same? If needs be then. Amen. Just look at that corner of wheat walking the earth. Are you like that? Well, then it it needs be. Amen. And God has his way to purify us as he's doing sit brook as he's doing all of us. He's got his way to do it in the He does it in the fiery furnace. He's our type. But before as they go into the fiery furnace, the three Hebrew boys would not defile themselves with the king's doctrine and his wine. Amen. They had a 10-day trial of waiting on the Lord. They waited on God. That right? They took pulse seed, the word, and also water. And they prayed. Is that right? Now, they had an all night prayer meeting. They were ready for the trial. Is that right? Okay. This is a type and also everyday life also. Then Nebuchadnezzar, he had a great feast and he set up an image the council you know and everybody had to fall down at the blowing of all these different instruments. All these s seducing spirits blow all kind of because doctrines out there they all fell down for them. That right. But these three Hebrew boys would not serve their gods, their idols. Amen. They were they all were because prayed up. Amen. Faith, believing God's word, knowing and ready for a trial. They were counting it joy. Amen. To go into that trial for Christ. Count it joy to suffer for him. For they were spiritual. They knew that if they suffer with him, they shall also reign with him. That they knew that. See amen now. Therefore, they were ready for a trial. They were ready to be purified. So here they were. They had the right attitude then. Amen. Amen. All according to your attitude. Amen. Do you have the right attitude this morning? Now, after you have received that because chastisement, if you have the right attitude, you'll see what happens. Many had trials back in ' 64, 65, and this year, and some would not go through that trial. Therefore, they're just wretched right now. You see? But if you can go right back to where it started at and repent right there to that spot where where you miss God, repent right there, you'll see the glory of God. Yes. In your life, it'll see your heart. You're so hard and bound. See, but Christ will soften you. Sweet. Cuz he is your husband with love. He woos you. You understand? Husband and wife illustrates it. I hope you get that. So, we find that this 10-day trial, they had this trial. Now they were ready for the trial, right? They counted joy to fall into the trial. Amen. Okay. Daniel 3:17. Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego answered and said to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." They're telling the king, "It's not necessary for us to give you an answer at this point." It ain't necessary. You know, back there that we took the word. Amen. Is that right? and also the water. You know that we never because bow down to your gods. So you think I'm scared to go into this trial now? I'm I'm not going to serve your gods. It's not necessary for me to give you the answer. Is that right? Amen. Amen. See, he says, um, if it if it be so, our God, now get the the mind of Christ here. If it be so, is that right? Amen. I mean, God willing, what the Lord wants. Amen. This ain't no three men running up. They all puffed up. Glory to God. All gone down to the end. Hallelujah. That's all Pentecost. Amen. If it need be so. Is that right? Get that little point. If you don't get nothing this morning, get that point right there. When you face your trials, if it need be so. See, our God whom we serve is able. Now comes the faith. See, first the broken and contrite spirit of God's will. And now it's faith out. See, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fire from it. Put it in God's hands. If God want to do it, he's able to do it. If he he may want to leave us in there and we'll stay in there. Brother Brand said, "If he send me to hell, I'll go to hell." Amen. It's a revelation. If we get that kind of revelation, we'll fear God. Amen. And he will deliver us out of thine hand, oh king. But if not, be it known unto thee, oh king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up. Amen. That's the same thing today. Say, I will not go back into the world. I won't serve your gods, Delilah. Amen. Sams and the Philistines upon you. Is that right? All bound up hair shaven off the Nazarite covenant. Amen. But thanks be to God, there was a new crop growing up. Amen. God has a new crop growing out right now. I'll not serve your God of the world. I'll not serve the filth. I'll not serve the flesh. I'll serve Christ. Amen. Amen. If needs be, he want me to go through this trial. If needs be, Sister Sebrook must come to death's door. Let it be done. You understand this now? If needs be, if God is pleased to do it that way, if God wants to reveal Christ through her in the hospital, let God do it. How do you know there's a doctor up there that didn't see the glory of God? Amen. What do we know about that? Amen. If needs be. When we approach her trial this way, we have understanding. And our old trials, we have, excuse me. Amen. Amen. So we find then friends that as we see see if God is pleased if it's his will. See always find God's will first. See then the three Hebrew boys took up their cross suffered and followed Christ. Amen. Into that fire furnace they went. But now look what happened in the furnace. They had to go through a great suffering. Great suffering. Great grace, great grace, great power. Amen. Amen. Noah, Moses, the prophets, Christ, Peter, Paul, Arinius, Polycarp, those millions of Christians would cross up on their backs going into the lion's den. Amen. Great suffering for Christ. Took up their cross and followed Christ. They didn't complain, moan, and I can't do this. I can't do that. There. They took up their cross and they followed Christ. Amen. On down through the ages. And God's prophet 33 years he suffered. Amen. For the Lord. But I will be healed. I will ride a trail one more time. I will be well. I will walk into a perfect church. Amen. So we find out then that everybody has suffered except the Leodysian church where we come out of. Well, God has washed our minds from that kind of spirit. We're ready now. Amen. To speak often one to another to have the in the fear of God. Amen. To think on his name, to think on his goodness. We worship God. We are rather worship God in this way called heresy today. Amen. We appear them. Thought it was tremendous to be beaten for the Lord. Is that right? Amen. Paul was in jail. Paul sat there with his friend. And there he exercised his holy priesthood. He praised God. He sang songs of Zion. He was a holy priesthood from the soul to God. Lord, if needs be, and it was for he want to save the Philippian jailer. If needs be. Amen. It was. Paul had to go through that trial for God put him there. Lord, let thy will be done. And his back was beaten with stripes. Amen. But he praised God. When the Philippian, there was an earthquake. The Philippian jailer come running. He said, it's all right. We're here. Royal priesthood. Amen. We here. Now, Christ through this mercy will give you because eternal life. Royal priesthood. I have I come from my father. I have life for you. Amen. Come on. And he repented. Thou cast believe thy thy whole household shall be saved if needs be. Amen. Amen. Amen. See, find out God's will. When you get into that trial, rejoice. Not just running there without understanding now. But I pray this morning. We have understanding when when we leave here. We know why the trial is if needs be. See? So great suffering, great grace, great power, they all go together. That right? You see? Okay. Now, quickly, the fire was heated seven times hotter. Why? To magnify God. Your trial magnifies God. The hotter it is, the more it magnifies Christ. The more grace you'll have, the more power you'll have, the weaker you get and the more strength you'll have. Amen. It mag it don't magnify you cuz you can't get out of there. Amen. How could they get out of that fire? Heated seven times hotter. They couldn't get her out of there. So who did the magnifying Christ? Who is Sus Cbrooks trial magnifying Christ? She can't get out of there unless he bring her out of there. But she's there as a holy priesthood sending her praises to God. Thank you, Lord. What do you think those three Hebrew boys did in that fire, brother? They blessed God's name in there. Exactly right. They sang praises of God. Yes, sir. And notice now they put on robes. They put everything on them and they bound them. That right? They bound them up. cords. Amen. But they put on all the clothes because knowing that soon as all the robe was on, they would catch fire immediately. Is that right? You see? And then they went into their trial. Now notice now let's get the effect of this trial and maybe we'll have understand this morning. Now what was the effect of the fire? It burned off the cords. That right? And set them free. Amen. Amen. Hey, it's very simple. It burn off the chords. How many of us this morning are bound by something? I know the word is a trial this morning to you. Going in it, though. He's there. His presence in that word. Going into it. See, going into it. Going into it. He's there. See, enter into that fiery trial. He ain't on the outside in the flesh. He's in there. That's his secret way of purging us out. All of us. That's how he does it, friends. So, what was the effect of the fire? It only burn off the cords. Bound them up. You follow me now? And set them free. All right. God lets us get into the fire. The effect is to burn off of your bindings, whatever you're in. Some of us get into our own selves. You follow me now? But he loves you. I He loves you. We do it stubbornly. Amen. Amen. But he loves you. But he can only get you to go into it, he can set you free. Amen. And the hotter that trial gets, brother, I save some of our people right here. One right here. He's in a hot trial right now. He's there with you. Amen. He's right there with you. I saw brother Nino back here for he was barely for a whole seven, eight months there because from last year up to now, he was with him all the time purifying him. And also his wife, others sitting all around here. Brother Kurt saw him going through a tremendous trial. God brought him through it. Amen. Brother Diet, all the people and all the sisters here with the unsaved husbands, he's there in your trial, sister. Amen. And the harder it gets, he's going to magnify himself so you can't get out of it. Amen. You may think cuz your husband won't never serve God. Well, God will make that fire hotter and hotter and hotter and higher. Amen. He is in that fire with you. Amen. See, the Bible says, "So, they looked in there and they saw one like the son of God." That's what the Bible says. One like the son of God was in the midst. And those dirty devils that push them in there, God kill them. So, though they hurl slurs at you, though they talk against you, all manner of evil up against you, God will kill them. Let them alone. Did you get that? Amen. Those who woe into those that would harm the least of mine. Better that a millstone hung around his neck. Those that push you into a trial. Don't fret over those evil workers. They pushed them into the fire, didn't they? The fire burned them up. Is that right? I hope you got that now. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we find in that one more thing in that fire. What did they have in that fire? One like the son of God. Amen. Well, what do we have? A sense of the presence and the company of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. His presence is in that trial with you. He's right there. His company is there. He's with you. He's a present help in the time of your trial if needs be and it needs be. Therefore, he did it. He allowed it to happen. He's there for he wants to fellowship with you. Is that right? Fellowship. Paul said that I might know him and the fellowship of his sufferings. Only in your trials can you fellowship with Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. always bearing about the dying of the Lord in your body. For the world don't know what's going on. There's a secret work going inside of your heart. Don't you realize, friends, that back in Israel's day at the tabernacle, a witness had no windows. Did you get that there? Israel couldn't look in there, but inside the high priest was offering up praises to God. Amen. There was a worship going on inside. in Israel out in the flesh never saw it. Well, they cannot see what's going on in your heart right now between you and God. There's a line there, a communication setup. Amen. As long as you praise him and thank him and bless his wonderful name, they can't see it. They may push you into a fire, they'll burn up, he's with you. So, all things work together to the good of them that love the Lord. He makes it all work together. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. So, we finding that Christ walked with them in their trial and they had a fellowship of his sufferings like they never had before. I've seen my own wife here and Sister Lawson, Sister Phyllis go through trials and I've seen them come out pure being purified. Purified. They're getting to know Christ more. A personal affair. Sister Sebrook is laying there. She met God in her trial. She was fellowshipping with Christ in her sufferings. Still is, but he's bringing her through. She may shake. She may tremble. What is that to thee? Follow thou me. Amen. Amen. What is that to you? I'm with her. I was with them in the fiery furnace. I was with Daniel in the lion's den. Amen. I was with Israel when they crossed over. I fought the enemies. Amen. I'll do it myself. Don't you worry about it. Don't look at no trembling and shaking. I'm purifying you. Don't you know that they put gold in a fire? The gold never loses its weight, nor his color, nor his properties. Amen. It's pure. Well, I put those three Hebrew boys in the fire. Their clothes was still there. They didn't lose one bit of their clothes. Their hair wasn't even singed. And their clothes didn't even smell of fire. Amen. Then what have you lost in your trial? You come closer and closer to God. That's what happens. Amen. Amen. You're closer and closer with Christ. Always bearing about in your body. Beloved, think it not strange. Amen. Don't think it's strange. Don't be amazed and be all scared. Walk down that Emmas road. What happened here? You have a communication. The word of God. Amen. There's your communications. Therefore, let us be like those that remnant back there, brother, when they caught that revelation. They feared God. They thought on his holiness, his name, and they walked, is that right? And they spake often one to another. I've seen the sisters calling one another talking about Christ. God bless be on both ends. Amen. Brethren coming together in the fear of God. The deacons, the elders coming together in Christ. If a brother get out of the way, we want to know about it. We want to hear the praise about it when something happens. Somebody repents glorify God. Somebody pull out of the fire. The other fire. Amen. Glorify God on that friends. So we find in that we don't stag around with unbelief. Peter said over here because in closing uh 1 Peter 4, he said over here in closing, beloved strange 13th verse, but rejoice in so much as you are partakers of Christ's sufferings. You follow me? Now Jesus said, "I am come that you might have life more abundantly." Where you going to get it at? I triumph over powers and principalities on the cross. That's where you going to get it at. Amen. So we find is only on the cross can you know the victory of Jesus Christ on the cross. That's where you know the victory over powers and principles out here. You follow me now? And therefore our bodies they are now hanging out here in the world. They're just hanging out here. Put to a slow death. Crucifixion means slow death. We are slowly dying day by day. Amen. It's a slow death friends. And sometimes it got to come hard sometimes. Amen. Sometimes you see. But you must die. You must die for to live as Christ. That's that's what Paul's saying, you see. So, as we on the cross this morning, seated in heavenly places with Christ, we drop down on the earth with faith. As we move through the earth, you see it now, we're up there with him. See, in heavenly places, our bodies are here. Our spirit is there. See, mind affection is on things above. But as we walk in this body is dying, bearing about the dying of the Lord. And by faith, we do this. Amen. We overcome by faith. Lord, if needs be, if I have to have a trial, if it's your will, okay, Lord, go on. Amen. Sacrifice like sheep led to the sword all the day long. That's what That's what the Bible says. Amen. You see, for it pleased God to reveal, see, the dying of his son in you, the bride. He wanted the world to see Malachi 4, a message, the word all over again. And as you die, the world sees that the dying of the Lord in your body. He said, I will have a bride, she got to die that she might have life. If she suffer with me, she shall reign with me. Amen. So if Paul, Peter said over here, if you be reproached, I mean, if God would allow you to go into the fire, bless his wonderful name. counted joy for God thought it fit for you to suffer for him to be a fellowship with his sufferings. Think on that. Purify you. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Think on it. It pleased God for you to be here this morning. Amen. To hear how you can be glorified with him if you die with him first. Amen. We reckon ourselves then. We don't have to die physically. I understand because you spiritually. Amen. So we find friends that when we are dying, Paul said, why? That the life might be made manifest in our body. Well, Peter says the same thing right here. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, what's the name of Christ? Goodness and mercy and truth and sincerity. If you do that, if you are reproached because you're that and they think you're silly or something. You follow me now? Cuz you're stupid. Because you love people and you're on a con man. You follow me now? If you are reproached for that, see, always trying to do right, always busy all the time. If you sit around think it's funny because somebody's busy all the time, then you are being reproached for that. See, they don't understand the thing. See, happy are ye for the spirit of glory. Amen. Rest upon you. You see me now. God is what's the spirit of glory? The anointing of Christ is on you. You're walking in the fear of God. Lord, thy will be done. You're anointed. with the Holy Ghost. The more you die, more anointing. That's right. Brother Ram Prod, he walked with such a tremendous anointing. He was here, you could feel him when you come in that door there. It's all over here. Anointing of God all over the man. Well, he was dead to this world. Build your hopes on things eternal. Amen. Hold to God's unchanging hand. You see me now? Amen. That's what it is. Build your hopes on things because eternal. See? So therefore we find then friends that Christ is revealing his life through us in this season and in this time. It's a dying in the body as we do this dying out to the world. Pilgrims and strangers following Christ. The prophet said we are the gates are about to be open in the millennial kingdom. They're almost open. So we almost we go into the land. That's our land over there for a thousand years to sit down with Christ. Fellowship in his glory this time. Amen. Fellowship with his glory. Reign with him. Amen. If we deny the lust of the flesh, we reign with him. In the millennial kingdom, when the prophet said the gates are about to be opened, so say Moses, so say I. Amen. That's what he said. Amen. So we find friends then that when the glory of God appears on the earth, it'll break every feeder. Amen. every shackle. Amen. It'll kick Satan out of the heavens. Amen. And when he comes on the earth, you're like little David. Amen. No condemnation to them or in Christ Jesus who are led by the spirit of God. You don't feel nothing. You feel clean through the word of God. You come in his name. No other gods hanging up on you. You step out there purified and clean. Amen. And then whatever he has ordained for that hour, I don't know. Whatever trial it is, there'll be one like the son of God in the midst. Amen. Though it be seven times higher, you understand this now? Though that press, whatever that press is, it'll magnify God for only he can bring us through it. Amen. Praise God. Praise our God. So therefore, friends, let us rejoice in our fiery trials, for it workketh in us a weight and also glory far more exceedingly and also joy for us. So therefore, friend, let us be mindful of these things, lest we let it slip. You see, let us come together in the fear of God. Remember, we are holy priests, royal priesthood, a holy priest. That's why we ask you to sing in here. for you exercising your own right as a holy priest from your soul up to God. Right now, there's a ministry going forth which Christ is doing it himself to you to to your souls. He's feeding your souls through a ministry. I ain't got anything to do with it at all. It's a gift of God and he operates it. You follow me now? Malachi 4, which we are exhorting you about right now. His message, that's all I'm doing. bringing reminding you of these things, trying to keep in step. This little flock right here, keep you in step cuz you're already justified already. Did you get that? You're already clean already. See, in his mind, but when he comes, he wants to see that Malachi 4 faith which is gold, silver, and also Raymond. See, he recognized that only. That's why it's the prophet's message. You see it now? So therefore, we know this, friends. Whatever has been said this morning, take it, receive it. Now remember that now take it and receive it. There's no big U's little eyes is Christ. Listen, excuse me. Christ didn't give a greater portion of his spirit to sister so and so because in the other one cuz if he did then he would because be divided. He gave the same amount to all of you. You follow me now? The same amount. If if there's a ministry then he anoints that ministry to bring forth something from him to your soul. But women and men and children all have the same portion. One God. See, you understand this now? All right, friends. No matter what trial we go into, let's turn to page 276. Let us remember where he leads us, we will follow. Amen. Let us worship God now as a holy priesthood. Amen. A royal nation. Do you love him? Praise his name. Where he leads me, I will follow. Now you understand why you should follow him. for he'll be with you in your trial. Let us praise God. I can hear my savior call. I can hear myior call. I can hear my savior calling. [Music] Take thy cross and open up your hearts and sing to God. She [Applause] [Music] [Applause]
