################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-01-31 - The Heart That Pleases God - Joseph Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-01-31
Title:   The Heart That Pleases God
Speaker: Joseph Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLQcCkCazM8
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joseph Coleman
January 1, 1967
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Now, if you would turn with me to Revelation 21, I have a few expressions upon my heart that I just like to express and and because I can only express it because through the word that is my only channel. I'm nothing and uh nothing to give, nothing to offer, but just the word of God. That's all I have. And that is by the grace of God. I want to read from Revelation 21 the first verse through the 7th. I want to read from Ezekiel the 36th chapter, the 26th verse. And I want to read from Ephesians the 6th chapter, the 6th verse. Like a timeless little thought, but a heart that pleases God. And I saw a new heaven and a new earth. For the first heaven and the first earth were passed away, and there was no more sea. And I, John, saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adown for her husband. And I heard a voice, a great voice out of heaven, saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former things are passed away." And he that sat upon the throne said, "Behold, I make all things new." He said unto me, "Right, for these words are true and faithful, said unto me, it is done. I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is a thirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. He that overcometh shall inherit all things, and I will be his God, he shall be my son." I like to read from Ezekiel 36th chapter 26th verse. A new heart I also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you, and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I'll give you a heart of flesh, and I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them. And Ephesians 6th chapter, the 6th verse, reads on this wise, not with my service. See, doing God's statutes and commandments as men pleasers, but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart. May God a blessing to the reading of this word. We like to tie this little thought, the heart that pleases God. Now, we see by the word of God that uh we cannot please God by our service as men pleasers. Amen. But see, he said that the only way that we can please God, see, is to be servants. And servants are born slaves. And then servants doing the will of God from the heart. And we know that eye service as men pleasers is if I watch you or the deacons watch you, you do good. And you smile. And we say because praise the Lord, that's men pleasers. Amen. So if you see the deacon standing there and you do everything right, but when the deacon is not there and the mess isn't there, then are you doing service to the Lord from the heart? That's who God is watching. His eyes are watching you all the time. Therefore, don't fear me. Don't fear the deacons. Don't fear the minister. We don't have a heaven nor a hell. See, but fear God, for he all glory belongs to God. Vision is mine, saith the Lord. Amen. But however, people can't help it. They just must look at a man. See, and that's just the way it's been. They must look at man. But all the time, God is always trying to get man to look at him. And he is the word. So the invisible king that is in exile. See, he's watching us all the time. Amen. His word is here. He has given graciously because his word to us, we have the word given us a place to worship the Lord. Amen. He's blessed us with jobs and good health and so forth. That's all in this wicked city, Sodom and Gomorrah. Here we are. Men are out of all nations and different kinds of people. And I often rejoice and say, "Well, only the Lord Jesus Christ would choose a place like Sodom here. What good could come out of here? What good could come out of?" Because Nazareth, which was a red light district, what good could come forth from uh the place of Antioch, which was a filthy place, but that's the first place where the men began to call him Christians for they saw Christ. You follow me now? So here we here in New York. What good to come from New York? Nothing down here. A bunch of sin and a whole lot of different kind of people all gang up together as God's prophet said. All punch up together. See, the only good to come from here is the heart of God. For God's looking for hearts. And so we see then that friends that God has promised us all these things in the Bible here, a new heaven, a new place, a new everything. And he has promised to give us a new heart. Amen. That we might worship God with a new heart and a new spirit. And the Lord Jesus has sent down his word which is his message Malachi 4 through his prophet and he has come and brought us the message of the hour. And then those of us that have received this message we have received God for God is the word. When we partake of the word we partake of God. You see to me now but it's so simple it'll pass by. The prophet of the Lord said he said it something will come forth. He said way back and it'll pass along and you won't know it. See it'll be the Holy Spirit. See and in the word it just come out so simple and humble. The prophet of God even preached the message God hidden in simplicity. And there he told just he laid out the whole thing. He says go back home plant potatoes because going back plant potatoes. All right. If you're a bus driver going back drive your bus mailman. Go on back and be a mailman. Whatever you're doing go back and do it. You know it's going to happen. This going to be the same way. Follow me now. All things are the same since the fathers fell asleep. It's in the word. See, and it must be unbelief. And unbelief is here and we see it. And so therefore, that must be. But we find then, friends, that God, we like to break down his church because three-fold is as the body of Christ and as also as as a building and a bride. And as a body, we are part of the body that expresses Christ. As the building, we are part of of the building that enshrines God. And as his bride, we are part of the bride that God has given his loving care to. You see me now, these are our blessings. And so, but the enemy tries to keep us from this. He don't want us to know this. And as we press forward to this year, 1967, we see we have to be blind not to know what is transpiring. We see all kind of things are going on. For this we know that God has sanctified us because already before the foundation of the world, the blood of God has perfected us. We know also that coming forth is a message that will shake the nations. It'll be the eagle message which is the same the word of God. The prophet said there's coming forth a message. Brother, you won't even know what it is. It will be the the pure or adulterated word of God. The prophet of God prophesied in 62 that when Elijah comes forth, true ministers of the word of God will not understand Elijah. Therefore, how will the people understand him? But he'll come nevertheless and proclaim that message in the last days. And it'll turn the hearts of the eagles with beaks that just want to receive from the mother eagle as the mother eagle swoops down with that first kill meat. Amen. And those things suck up the blood of God. For in the blood is the life of God. In the blood is the life. And many people they run around saying, "Well, because what naturally are you and are you saved? Are you deceived serpent? This and that." But God by him blood has perfected his people. The word of God. Then we'll see. We We just keep still. Let flesh run rapid. See, let him talk cuz we don't know any way. But see, God said, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but not his words. My words shall never pass away. Man's words mean nothing to me or God. I don't care what man says. I don't care how many what man said to me. How much he reviles me, I'm getting blessed." God says, "Blessed are you when you being reviled." If men don't understand what are we doing up here preaching the word of God, that's all right. God bless him. This is the age. You see me now. But God said that when the blood, see, there's going to be a blood test in the resurrection. And that blood test will be the life of Christ. Doesn't matter. No matter if it's a junk where you come from, Africa, Alaska, America, Australia, but the test will be the right of Christ, not the outside vessel for God looking not on the appearance, but God looking for the hearts so people can sit up and push up and because think come down for all this this genealogy and that genealogy and I'm angry action and uh I'm this and I'm that and I'm from this and so on. That don't mean one thing to God. Friends, if you think you will take you away, you are sadly mistaken. It is the heart that Elijah has restored to the word of God which is the will of God. That is the only thing that will take you in. And as we see then the the eagles, the mother eagle comes down and gives the eagle that's the food. As we were explaining to you about 2 weeks ago, when the eagle so from 1 month old, 2 month old, 3 months old, they're all open beaks. That's all the eagle does not the mother eagle don't look behind the beak to see what they look like. But he drops that fresh car into the beak and the beak says either I don't care about genealogies and where you come from where you think you are. It means nothing to God whatsoever. So we find vers that his redemptive death, see his sacrifice. That's exactly right. And when his life comes forth, we'll see who we are. The pres shut up. You're rocking the boat. Wait till the sun come up. Amen. So they're trying to figure out who's in the message. Did it go over? Did you go this? Forget about it. Love your brother. Amen. Tight. Amen. Draw closer by the love of God. It'll all be interpreted in the resurrection. You'll find out. See, so we know that our standing with God is perfect. See, and our state we are maturing. We are lightning. In spite of ourselves, we are lightning. Amen. For God said we're being it is. It needs no interpretation. It is. So, how is this possible? He's given us a new heart. A new heart. Now we say, "Well, I'm from this group and I'm from over there and this and that and we are the bride." See, my husband think so have God in the body and God in the body quickened this. This went up to the great men up there in Jerusalem. All the little pieces up there, but he couldn't quicken his soul. He had the life in his body. Amen. He quickened the soul. See me now. So who you are, what you look like, it is Christ in you, the home of glory. Amen. Car use a donkey. He look what you look like. The word of the Lord. That's a man who's preaching the word of God. Is whether you are dedicated to hearing the word of God. And faith cometh by not looks like. But whether you hear and receive and act upon the word of God and recognize the word of God and recognize during your visitation. Amen. For the prophet said to be one here and one there. And when they asked him, Lord, when will your son come be? He says, "Where are the eagles at?" There where are they? Back in Joel, it said that the swing bodies there and the eagles there. And the eagles set up the blood and then they said, "Where are they? They demanded where I mean or of where eagles are." Amen. What we really want is a White House not a message. Amen. Or should it be uh because uh Revelation 19 message or what? Where the eagles are that's what I manifest myself to the eagles whether they are in Europe, Australia, Africa, Jamaica, wherever they are cuz I can't get the whole bleed message. You finding out they believe the word of God. So we find that that's where I'll be at where the eagles are eating the whole word of God. That's exactly where I'll be at. And when I was just listening or reading a brother's prayer and it struck my heart on the wings of a snow white dove certain thing which he said which I like to read to you as he prayed all of us heard this message I believe and we know that it really means something to us. It it just took our part of our heart here. We all know, we all understand that. And at his prayer, he said, "You gave now a sign. You gave the world a sign. You gave me a sign." The next day, seeing that eagle flying, oh God, there is a message coming forth now. Eagle message. I pray God that you will let the dog lead him. It has given me a faith. He gave him the faith. See, I never had before. Tonight, send down your message again, Lord, on the wings of a double word. Remember that God is not a respectable persons. He could send a message to Noah, to John the Baptist. He could send a message to me. He can send because to others also. If you can't afford to say this, then say it, brother. I have been wrong all my life. I have wanted to serve God, but tonight I'm ready to surrender. Pray God that the devil will fly into my heart tonight. I can feel it flow with its wings as he comes in. Raise your hands here in the visible audience my all over the building way out in the audiences across the country way up to New York out to brother Mercer. Those at Tucson burn tabernacle across the West Coast raise your hands everywhere. I let the daughter fly into my heart tonight. Bring me God's sweet love on the wings of a snow white dove. The Holy Spirit, bring it to me tonight, Lord. Drop into my heart the faith that I have need of. The wounded dove has brought the message back. Oh, God is finished. We believe that. Do you all that prayer? Well, um I was thinking about that prayer, the dove. And I said, well, what could I speak this morning about? and being the first day of the year and I happened to pick up the paper. I saw something here and sometimes I want to speak to you because through a little article and the title struck me hawks may rule Washington DC roost in 1967. Now the question is will President Johnson's administration his group be dominated by the Hunts and the Doves in ' 67? I believe because you begin to get it now. There are sharp differences in the ranks, but the prevailing attitude in Congress appears to be hawkked. White House advises divided too, seeming also to lean toward a hawk line to increase military pressure in Vietnam over attempts to lure economists to a conference table with a DAL like approach. Secretary of State Rusk, President Advisor Ward Fast and most of the generals and admirals are acknowledged hosts. Ambassador Goldberg, Haramman, and Namera are considered thugs for the most part. The president who must make the final decision to escalate or not keeps ordering more troops into the field while at the same time holding out to the island branch. Couple more. The uh that's about Yeah. Now notice this here. So I read that I thought God moves in the natural first all the time. See, and you're watching the spiritual. Then I thought that the the question was will President Johnson's administration be dominated by the hawks or the doves in ' 67? There sharp differences in the ranks, but the prevailing attitude in Congress appears to be hawk. Will the hawk spirit rule your roost in ' 67? I'll ask you a question. See me now. Will he rule your roots in 67? Will the groups from this message be dominated by the hawks of the doves? Amen. This question I asked this morning, see the make believers are going forth the pit. He's a dove. So, but he's a makeel believer. These ministers who go south and walk up and down for civil rights, those are make believers also. See me now. Come in and sheep's clothing. But they're wars. They teach a different doctrine. You follow me now? These are not make believers. And notice the make believer in the natural acting out like he's a dove. You follow me now? So here we are in groups and we hear now and God's message coming out of the dove. And then I see the prophet's words setting the pace for the nation. for back in ' 65. He also preached against the ministers down there, the seeding the shock. So you lazy hawks and there was a 100 sitting up on the platform up there. They know that he was speaking to them. So you lazy hawks, you sit around watching to the spirit and go out and meet God and feed the sheep. Amen. But they fly around looking for ties and running around. Don't want to do anything. And so there was a hot spirit where they look what has happened in our country in the natural. The hearts never before are be are going to they are now only lost. Therefore, this is a real life spirit that the miracle is supposed to be aware. But the Bible says she will speak like a dragon through Hol spirit. Now we have the same Hulk spirit in the groups. Is that right? All right, brother. You going to try to preach the word of God in these groups. See if those hawks don't run you out of there. Brother, you can't even get anointing or nothing in there. The Hulk spirit. Therefore, you say cuz you can't kill the heart. But will you let the Hulk spirit rule your heart or will you let the dog move into your heart and let the dog lead you for 1967? What will you do this morning? You follow me now? So we see friends then that we are to this year dedicate ourselves to God that Lord let the dark spirit move into my heart this morning. For we see in the natural all these things that happens there are types. The prophet tells us that there are types and now we see in the spiritual that the hawks want to take over the groups and they will see me now for the little doves have to sit there cuz they're peaceike. They don't fight nobody. They don't talk about nobody. They love every word of God. If it's a minister that's in the word of God, they accept that. They love one another. They don't get on the phones and bust down one another and so forth back and forth. That those are hot spirits doing that. See me now. So therefore, God knows all things, but he showed us all the signs. And we know that the dove comes to live like spirits. Only to live like spirits. for the dove settles down on the rail. And here was a prophet trying to get through to the people to be a lamb for he was a rail. Christ was a ramen now. We are to be a lamb spirit that the dust might fly and flood into our hearts. And we find that we are all looking for the resurrection. And yet every man is saying that I'm going to die. That's wonderful. But we have to live it. Finally now we have people gathered here from all different places here. God has his own hearts manifested here. And you say what is the heart? Heart is patience. A heart is faith in the word of God. A heart is believing the things of God. The heart now of God. As we sit here now to hear the word of God, the hearts press through the darkness. As the veil drops down over the congregation call, you have to keep on pressing until you reach that mark. Then you must press your way on through for the enemy will put a sleepy spirit upon you. And then the minister begins to mess the word of God. Now we begin to come alive. Amen. that the word of the Lord might have free court. I know we're tired. I know we all working for the master, but the God's word still has to come through. Father, to press on through the hearts. We know he don't want you to preach the word for this is the worst season for any man of God to preach the word. But he just he just stomping about all over the place. But I know one thing that uh by the grace of God, if God has called you, will you just preach the word of God? That's not just out there. See now the eagles, the birds will come. The hearts of fight will press on through anyway and get on through to the eagles. It doesn't matter how many times they knock you down, but if you will stand up to the Lord, take that sharp sword and cut through those hard spirits and move on with God. Amen. I don't care how many hard faces or what this one fac whatsoever. There's nothing to God whatsoever is his word will go forth to the eagles. Amen. See, so we see in friends that David was a lamb after God's heart, own heart. Amen. The Lord saw a man after his own heart. It says over in 1 Samuel, now God did not take denying him because he was fatless. He had many faults. We all know now there were many great heroes of God. But the Bible says that David was a man after God's own heart. And it seemed like the Holy Spirit has preached here about David last Sunday. So we might just might uh because confirm it this morning by the same Holy Ghost to start sending it off of the third message about David as the Holy Spirit leads it. So we find it through as we trying to press our way through. It's got to be darkness. But that's the glorifiness. Satan hates the word, but the eagles love him. The beast come on through. And when that spirit moves in, they just pray and praise God. Thank God. for the will of God. Amen. So we see friends that David made many mistakes and he did two horrible things, adultery and murder. See, but the only thing in connection with David's sin that please God was his deep repentance towards God. So God allowed to happen to show you the true happiness forgive me. Hallelujah. that no whatsoever. But it's the Lord that will suck up ashes. Stretch out the floor before God. Say, "Lord, God forgive me." Now, where can I go to my brother make it right to make it right? Where can I go and make it right with not brother forgive me? Hallelujah. On the phone at all with God, that bro contrite spirit that with that spirit, we can live a clean heart and a right spirit again to to worship God. Amen. Can we say amen? Amen. Because today, if the people, if we were to judge David, we would pull him down out of God's Hall of Fame, the people would see you. Can you murder you? And what about Joseph? If the people today heard one thing upon the minister being in connection with a woman somewhere, have to go to jail, he can never preach no more. Is that right? But look at Joseph. They're innocent. You see what I mean now? So therefore, it's uh it's the attitude. Amen. is whether you're willing to forgive and God says he said how many times Lord seven times 70 you forgive seven times 7 I'll give you a heart to forgive but if you forgive you have an unforgiving spirit and came by Genesis is now being manifested as a hulk in 1967 manifest itself as a hulk on a dove amen the dove will forgive but the hulk will not forgive he'll cut you to rivets all all the time. Amen. See me now. They can't forgive. It's not in them to forgive. They will never forgive. So we find friends that your position, our position in David position is secure in God's hall of fame. It's his hall of fame, not Mary's Hall of Fame. Amen. David reaped when he sold. Now, we're not supporting sin here. No s. So 2 Chronicles 17:3 says, "And the Lord was with Jehoshaphat because he walked in the first ways." Amen. Let's draw that on. Jehoshaphat walked in the first ways of his father David and sought not unto see David's first ways. So we want to speak about his first ways. You see the other ways? Well, that happened. That's between David and God. Had nothing to do with it. But what we're talking about now is people lightning before the Lord. You see me now? And so now we see it in front of God does not look at at the eye of man at all. For the people by all rights, Saul should have been the man as brother Bible was explained to us last Sunday here. For he was a goodly young man, a choice young man. He was head and shoulders above everybody else. He had all that hereditary because could because given her could give him. He had he was natural fitness. powerful man, good-looking, handsome, everybody loved him. See, and David was a son of an old man. That's all. That was the only claim to fame. A son of an old man, nothing. But Saul, but God said, "I don't look at the outward appearance." And I pray to God that the Holy Spirit can get this over to you. Many people are bound by looking at the outward appearance. And because they look at the flesh and not the heart, God says, "I look at the heart, not the flesh." man of the flesh color this color that color at the heart. For before the foundation of the world before any flesh come forward, I do hearts receive the word of God. No matter what kind of car I put them into is the heart flesh. So if you can't understand, this is the time to understand it now for God is trying to rip a thing off. Even here when we all heard that God's traffic was to preach uh because the uh deceased serpent and many say was the sound is mixed up on the color question therefore have to take about 6 hours to stream them out. So they said what's he mean by that? Then they say only if Brandham could have told us that certain people can be saved and we'd accept it but God took them off the scene and you can't find the notes. Therefore you have to accept it through the word of God. Amen. You the prophet will not tell you that this man can be saved or this man can be saved. He preached the word for seeds of God to come to the word of God. You found it now. For he to prove that God does not look at their outward appearance. He looks at the heart. He looks in on the heart. Let us uh gives David's heart. See now as last week there was speaking and the father hit me there. All the men when they were going out to face Goliath was all discussing the reward that Saul was going to give his daughter and so forth that they would face Goliath. Therefore, man was thinking about his own honor, what he was going to get, his own interests. Amen. His own popularity, money, wealth, and so forth, what he would get. See, but not a one of them was thinking about God's honor. Not a one. So therefore, God picked that time to express the heart of God when natural men saved would be looking for their own interests, their own money and hoes, this and that, what they want. See, and not looking on the things of others. At that very time, say 1967, I will express the heart of God. I'll send a dove into these hearts and they will express Christ. And it'll pass right among you. Why not become become the standard? So we find then that David didn't look at that. He just wanted to express God's heart. So now notice the day David come forward for God's honor. See he said who is this uncircumcised Philistine that will defy the living army of God. Other words I mean who do you think you are? There is a living God. These are God's people. Who are you to stand in God's presence when the res of the center shall not stand in the congregation of the saints? Who are you? Can you imagine David here today in these groups across the country where all kind of spirits are rising up? Can you imagine if David wasn't walking there? Who are you hawks? Where you hawks come from to defile the word of God? Where you come from? Who told you to come here and so forth? This one trying to take over the world. This one trying to take over. Who are these hawks? Therefore, what the church need is David's to come forward with the word of God. You follow me now? With that kind of a heart. So, we find then that David was not occupied with the the authority of his life. And to prove that he was genuine, if you say that now, you got to love it. Amen. Finally now. So, he went forward to Saul and said he would go out and fight the lie. Then Saul today that ordained ministry is still there today. Those who were first. See the little Davids on the back side of the desert. They got no claim to fame. They humbled the prophet. They wasn't there and they wasn't here. See they pushed back. Who are they anyway? Should it be Dr. S and so or this big mess over here? Those are all the souls. See me now. Well, I said what is your kind of to see me now? David said his claim of faith was that he delivered the sheep. Is that right? He delivered the sheep from the lion and from the bear. That's my claim of faith. What David's claim of faith be today are with the sheep. That's all. Therefore, he delivered that. Saul had to recognize that God through David delivered the sheep. Amen. right now. Look at the place. Look at the people. Look at the world. You recognize it. There's no interpretation. Are you getting over to that kind of thing, boy? I mean, God gave me the word of God and I came with shepherds, man. And I looked, you understand? No, I don't know. I got so like no I look a certain giant thing I have I give that to God and he did it. Amen. So I look at them as well the secret the same God that delivered the bear to me and the lion shall deliver this uncircumcised Philistine. Amen. Then our attack go out. The devil, he was he was imparted in the land of Canaan. Is that right? There were seven tribes there. But the Philistines were brought in. Amen. We're in the land. The devils are here. The flesh and blood. That right. But Paul said you don't fight against flesh and blood. You fight against power that are in power in the land. Amen. us who come and listen. The devil season and you get tired, you're not going to get up again, son. Just keep on pressing. I don't care how many hops knock you try to preach. God will preach the word of God. Amen. What's your name? Deliver the sheep out of the bear's hands. Deliver the sheep out of the lion's hands and tell it to Saul. And they say that to tell him what you do. That's all I do for the sheep. Amen. That's what you're going to do. Praise the Lord. The sheep. Amen. I know the hopes will knock you down. I know the word say praise God. I know the word will pass right back to you. But you just pass that word right off the shoot that you can kill to get them sheep. He see David who stand these hawks. Amen. Preach the word of God to him. Amen. What we need is Davis today, friends. Praise his name. Amen. So when his ability was questioned, see his ability was questioned. See, he told him in Elijah got the sheep out of Saul. Period. See, so there was a secret. See, so now we find it's the same thing today. Uh Saul then, okay, now you're going to go up. Okay, boy. Okay, now you're going to go up. Now listen, you have to put on my armor. My armor means see so where Saul was at today with the money in a certain position. So when he finally recognized you, he figured it's money or popular said because you must be one of them. See me now. But then David told Saul, he said that I was improved by those. I didn't come through popularity. Amen. I didn't come through the sickness because I'm happy the flesh. No, I didn't come that way. I didn't come through money on the side over here. Amen. I come through preaching the word of God. I still preach the word of God. I still bust the word of God out there. I don't care how many her sit there. I don't care how many sit there. I still preach the word. You follow me now? So if Saul said, "Okay, we'll go ahead." Cuz he so he know what the sheep are. He see the sheep. He see the blessings of God flowing. Therefore, he must go ahead and then he acknowledge it on that and not only not on David only on what he did what God did through him. He'll never accept David can't. Amen. Amen. We understand this now. Praise the Lord. So we find then friends that David says that he don't want any ordinary means. Say with me now human means not by power nor by my but by my spirit saith the Lord. That is the only way. So therefore the word of God was proven to David by the lion and the bear. Now what we have to do just a few minutes more to because keep you here and stress is um I want to drive something home. Okay, now we have to all of us come to 1967 and we know that in the natural there's the Hulk spirit taking over America upon the color people upon the white people. There's going to be a race riots. Blood will run in the streets. But the spirit must come first. Do you see the spirit the hawk straight moving in is in the congress. It's in the government is in the churches is now in the bride groups. that fighting spirit that want to tear down the minister, tear down the sister, tear down the brother. Get on the phone and look the Hulk spirit. Therefore, God said, "Brother, I'll anoint your eyes to see those devils." Amen. Look at them and just turn and don't be afraid of them. Just rebuke him in the name of the Lord and smile and go on. That's all. Praise him. That's all. Just smile and go on. Don't be afraid of spirits. Amen. Just look at them. They can't take over nothing for his chief is dry up is dry. For we know that the spirit of the Lord is love, peace, joy, health is long suffering. That's the spirit of the Lord. Not this fellow dark spirit. Therefore, with the spirit, but the word made manifest. Amen. Therefore, where you find every evilist and mean people and so forth, you find the devil. But you find the little hawks getting their wings clipped in there. That's all right. I mean those little doves rather getting away with that's all right. God's watching over them. He's right with those little doves. Now notice now you say, "But what am I supposed to do?" See, well the shepherd, he always lives in God's hands. He never tried to manufacture no kind of a group, no kind of a work or nothing. God makes it happen all the time. God does it. See, now notice now David when he proved himself. See, the Bible says over in 1st Samuel 22:2, "And everyone that was in distress, everyone that was in debt to Satan." See, everyone that was discontented gathered themselves unto him, David. He didn't come to them. See, they come to him. You follow me? Now, if the mercy must start their way, they come to the they recognize the gift in the man. And here come those who were discontented. When we saw it back in ' 62 here, brother Vela, brother TZ and sister Alma and Sylvia, different ones coming and Sister Whitaker and them they were coming. They saw they saw the word not myself. They saw the word of God being made manifest the preaching of the word. Therefore, they were discontent. They were in debt to the enemy. But they come they want to follow that. You follow me? Now later on as David went up when David Saul when when he had defeated him and so forth, David went up, he said, "Lord, where shall I go? brought up to because the because he brought up there and wait I say God gave him a place to go and he waited there then the men of Judah came and made him the king you follow me now they came and made him the king later on he waited until Israel come and made him also then the kingdom was united you follow me now three steps first the people come then they come the church comes then the whole thing comes see God will make you find favor in the sight of your enemies but you must have the faith to stay with it to keep on preaching the word of God. And we find friends that speaking about the right spirit. Just about five more minutes. Um vision is mind say the Lord. Now twice David had Saul. He could have taken him. All right. Now think about the spiritual measures today that would have a witness on something. They tear your head off. Well, God give me a witness. I'm supposed to top his head off. Finally now. Did you get that? See that now? He had saw because cornered twice. that a spiritual man was saying, "Well, the Lord must want me to tell this sister something." Amen. I mean, the Lord must want me to straighten this person out. So, this is twice the thing that's happened now. But David, uh, touch not my anointing. Do my prophets no harm. David was spiritual. He recognized the will of God. And God was discipling him by temptations to take down the throne. Did you get it now? Glory to God. The temptation right there on purpose must come when shimmy kick on David's head off. God has been the door. That's all right. David. So David, you walk in there and those lions are tail. Get up again, David. Go on back and preach the word of God again. Amen. Don't do nothing. Don't be afraid. Don't see to me now. Go back again. God's only testing. That's all he's doing. So twice he had him. He took enough of him to let know that he knew all about him. That's enough. Found me now. So I am enough to say that you know that he knows that you know that you manifest the love. He's in need. You give him an offering. He's sick. You go to pray for him. Amen. Get over me now. See me now. But he knows that you know. See me now. Now then. So he told that the Lord will smite him. See the Lord will smite all the Sauls. And there you see the ministry of Saul today in the message all over. People are confused. One little David here. One little David over there. One little David try to come forth anointed consecrated to God. Those hawks moving their brother and try to smother him out. That's all right David. Keep on punching. Go on David. Keep on punching. Keep on going David. That's exactly right. Amen. God has ordained those hawks to smother you out that he may curse you to bring out the perfume out of the rose. That's all it wants. Perfume out of that rose. Amen. So, we find friends in that David was spiritual. He had Saul twice. He didn't mean nothing. He was looking. He had the heart of God. Every time that's that's God's heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. No matter how many times Saul knocks me down, that's all right. My brother come over here. Brother, I took him into our home, sat down. Could you help him to hear one of my tapes? He didn't tell me. So then he went out said the brother com is not in the message because he don't be in T ministry. If I saw him tomorrow, I throw my arms around. God bless you, brother. Amen. But I give enough of the words and learn. I know where the word sto I know exactly what it means. See, but when these things happen, you don't hate that person. That's all right. Go on, David. See me now. Just go on. See, so now we find also that David had the true spirit. See, he had a humble spirit. He let the dove lead him. Because when Nabal, a wealthy sheep herder, had provoked David by his ill nature because refusal of gifts which have been asked for, David's flesh climbed up on the throne. All right? And David want to kill him. See me now. But now to see if David is humble today, a sister came, sister Abigail. All right. And she called it wisdom. See me now. Now the the the messes and the brothers went all over the country. What? What in the world of God come out of you? Amen. See amen now. But this man had God's heart and he humbled himself to Sister Abigail. All right. And that's that's what the Bible says. And he listened to Sister Abigail's advice. And he said, "Amen." He said, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, which has sent thee this day to meet me, and blessed be the advice, and blessed be thou which has kept me this day from shedding blood and avenging myself by my own hand." Amen. God avenged David. Therefore, he said, "The Lord smoked." The Bible said, "The Lord smoked Nabal." See, so but David had a heart to his sisters. He could reach down by the love of God and recognize that the same God in him is in his sister. Amen. And then he can recognize that he's under his sister. He's he is less than her cuz the the ministry is in the feet. You follow me? Now they get under their service of Christ. But this David had this. Now you find this today. is hard to find in the groups because among the brethren they don't want to say a word not that she's supposed to preach anything like yourself but as she does service unto the Lord but God had it there and showed that David went for God's honor he had faith he had love he had love of the sheep that right and he had love and compassion for Saul the majesty today that is tearing up David today me now Saul has lost the anointing he's evil he tried to do David all kind of harm but the Bible David just stepped out of the way So, amen. Just glide out of the way. Went that way. He went this way. He slipped it and went on it out. It says, "Quunch the fiery dots of the enemy." Quench them. Take them in and you die. Mortify the deeds of the body. Amen. That's the Lord. That's all right. Just mind the Lord. See, cuz God's only got a sed heart of David. Amen. Amen. the other sisters, the sheep of God, and his brother that has a forgiving spirit. And if he doesn't love, he'll stretch out before God and repent with the right spirit. Amen. So, we see friends then that the king is invisible, but he gave us a new heart. See, that he might send the Holy Spirit dove into our heart on the wings of a snow white dove. Amen. Now, this new heart obeys God, not with our service. Amen. But from the heart. See that now? Doing the will of God from the heart. You know, um the Orthodox Jew every year at Passover when he worships God, he's so hungry for God. See, he says, "This year, next year, Jerusalem." That's right. See me now. This year here, next year at Jerusalem. See? And no matter where he's living at, what part of the world, he still regards Jerusalem as his city and his home. Amen. So we don't care nothing about here. So you have to worry about us. The modern translation says that we are a colony. See we are colony from the mother country. Amen. And wherever a colony is we have the duties and the privileges. Amen. From the mother country. Amen. And we have security from the mother country also. So we are a colony here of God in this world and they not run by demons but God will back it up by his word but we have all of his privilege right here find it out right here in the word of God. See me now and we cry out Lord this day here tonight or the next instant into the resurrection. We are looking for the resurrection friends. This was down in God's people's hearts. So we find the day friends in closing um tired that um the the spare of the hawk believe me is moving into the groups is already there. It's going to take over one or the other. Choose you this day what side you going to be on. Whether you going to let the the hulk rule the roots or whether you going to let the dove rule your heart, it's up to you. See? And then when you see what's made manifest, then you don't have to tell them about you and the bride. They'll see it. Amen. See me now. Then the brethren will love the sisters. The sisters, they'll love the brothers. Wives love their husbands. Be in obedience and so forth. The husbands dwell with them with knowledge and love them and so forth and not looking down on one another. Then when Christ comes and finds the eagles eating that kind of a food, amen. When they eat that kind of a food, see me now. then he'll come right there with them. That's where you're finding me right there. So, you don't have to be in a certain group or certain place. You have to be in Christ the word. Amen. You follow me now? And manifesting the spirit of David, which we know is the spirit of God. So, God will smite the enemy. God will fight your battles. For he cut off, brother Bam's every enemy. Cut him off. He just went on like a dove. That right? Like a lamb of God. But the hardest thing for us is to keep on. We have to have the last word. Father man, we just got to say it. See? So if we can only humble ourselves. You see what I mean now? And just be Christlike. And this year, I myself, I believe something is fixing to take place. If not this year, next year. Amen. Not next year, then next year. I ain't got no time, no date on God for you can't date God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. But I know the heavens speak of it, the earth speaks of it, the world speaks of it. That's three. It's a witness. The prophet has proclaimed it. He's gone off the scene 12 months now. Esther was was purified for for about 12 months. Found enough. He's gone off the scene. Something is fixing to happen. But the real we approach this 1967 6 and 7 is 13. America's number. Everything is in order. The race riders are ready. The angel of the beast is ready. All things are ready. The mechanics have been set in order. And the same time that the mechanic was set in order, God sent a mechanic of his word. The prophet restored the word of God. And that mechanical word is here now washing us and cleansing us by the water of it. Amen. that those eagles have taken the mechanics of the word and they're waiting for the dynamics to fall into their hearts just waiting for the God to come down on the wings of a snow white dove. Then if you understood the prophet's message in ' 65 he said to all of us she said way across the country open up your heart and repent let the dove come into your heart and lead you. We're eagles but the eagle is a fierce bird. Amen. So let the dove lead you. All right? Cuz the eagles fly high and fly and swoop down and strike the snakes up on a rock. They strike those serpents. All right. But however, always let the dove lead you. And we see David, his claim to fame was he went for the sheep. Amen. When he come to face that trial, to me, you could type it. It was a 40-day time when s when Goliath walked up and down before the church, Israel and Saul, they were not clean before the Lord. They couldn't do nothing. So David could come in the name of the Lord, for the name of the Lord is the word of God. So therefore, those who have taken the word of God can go forth in the resurrection in the name of the Lord. And then when that great press, the props that would come, that Goliath press, that last one against the bride to smash it, you watch the power of God floating in when she moves in. And we find even just here about two weeks ago that they want to stop nurses from going into prisons and hospitals unless they belong to the National Catholic Churches. Let's come on radio. So we can see all these things are ready. And you cannot build a church in no particular area unless you check with them first. This has just come just about two weeks ago. So we find friends that the mechanics is ready. God's mechanics is ready. Should have been there now because if the the mechanics of Satan come forth and the word wasn't here and we had a Pentecostal message, you couldn't defeat the devil. Because you might go out and try to speak in tongues. You follow me now? But got the word. And that may come to pass. It may not come to pass. See me now. that this shall never fail. It will always come to pass. It is the word of God. The living going to abide forever. Therefore, God is always on time. He saw the end of the world coming. He saw the the enemy move like a flood. So, he come with his prophet to bring out the word first to purge and clean and also pull out one here, two over there. Get them all ready. given to a place where the Holy Spirit could manifest in their lives and show them these things and let them know and exalt them to be ready for the day of the Lord. For the day of the Lord is coming is come with the voice of the archangel. The resurrection will be on that night. I was just because reading there Paul here and speaking about every man's arm. There's a little thing which I read there that is it's like the uh because the army built back somewhere all the troops be laying on the ground sleeping. They have some men on guard who are watching and waiting. The general move on the scene 12:00 at night in the morning and says, "Get up and get ready out of here." They blow forth the trumpet. The men hop up. Every man gets and shows their arms. Amen. But the first command go forth. They rise from sleeping up off the ground and get up and show their arms. Therefore, the command has come forth for us to work from sleeping. Amen. For the time is here. It's here now. And we allow to show you the word. Put it on the shoulder first. Amen. And we're going to have and then the next verse you hear will be the voice of God. Amen. The word of God which is the message of God. A message must come by verse. Amen. And he said there's a message coming forth which will be the voice of God. Amen. That's very simple, isn't it? Not a different message. It's God said in the for the prophet said that the son of man will be on the earth. Is that right? And they would be running around with white horse rattles where it's supposed to be this over here and test over there. He said, "Well, Elijah has already come. You didn't know it in 63." Amen. But the eagles are made ready. The doves. Amen. Dark spirits ruin the roofs. Amen. And the hulks are all poisons in the natural trying to stick in dub feathers, but they can't. And the hulks are all about genealogies. Where this come from? I mean I was in New York and this place over there where have you was a horse but God's people is the heart one heart one soul one mind all flesh all kinds of flesh but one heart and I give them a blood test all we let them manifest what's in their hearts let them talk about let them sit out everything and then they'll and then they'll stand in the day of judgment when I bring it back to the ears how they spoke against my dogs how they bring it back to them But in the resurrection, I'll bring up the doves who've been humble, meek, loving everybody. Amen. Just like David, loving the sisters, loving the brethren, forgiving Saul. Amen. Though you could have killed him the second time, he could have taken his head off. Amen. But give him a break for God did. Let him alone. Touch not my do my prophets no harm. See me now. The best thing that we can do as we approach this year now, friends, is to be rever before God. We believe that something's fixing to happen. God's given us a place here now. Changed it over. Got rid of a few blemishes and so forth which are on the walls. See type of because of natural these blemishes we want because they be gone. Is that right? We don't want them here. The words that they will not be here. See amen now. For he doesn't look at them. See, but he washes them away. Follow me now. Doesn't come into his mind. It's not even not even in God's mind. You are now see right now present now are you the sons of God right now. You're not going to be then you being manifest then. But you're now the sons of God. And the time that we believe her and hang on to them. We're seeing God manifest the heart of God in her. This is the one who the patience. She waited. Her husband couldn't want to come and serve the Lord. Well, she waited on God. She's sitting every Sunday. We see because it's the carry back here. faith in God, believing there she sits there. We see God God manifest through good works here through all kind of things in the assembly here all kind of people bring them all together for a purpose for to give a witness for God. For here's the witness, friends. If you want to understand what it is, is it is this here? God says I'm love. I love all people. What in the world I've seen Asian America, I can't find a group who will not be because they discriminate. But I'll find a people in a filthy place that will not discriminate. And I put give them a new heart and I'll give them a new spirit, not the old dirty spirit from the world which is discriminating. But I give them a new spirit and a new heart. There will be those from all different places. They'll come and they'll see Christ. They'll see the heart of God manifested. They see God moving a body living in his very existence. So God who is love a great big boy wants to exist somewhere. He wants to know everybody but he can't find a channel to move through. But thanks be to God he's found a channel here. And he's looking for a corporate group that he can move through which suggested but thanks be to God. these power different colors that he can move through and he can prove to this discouraging king spirit this hot spirit I said this man is see the serpent this is black he can't be saved this man is so forth so I'll show you you heart you I'll show you that is not flesh I'll show you sex or whatever you are no difference of wherever you are is whether your heart is pure or your heart is clean if you look at two so Is the word of God coming forth? I don't try to figure it out. That's all. Hear the word of God. Believe the word of God. God don't care what you think. He never did. So whether you not because that's all you are. God don't care nothing what we think whatsoever. God just loves to move and tear everything. Amen. tear your lust and you easily against God and tear that thing and they rip it apart. Amen. And I'll put it back together the way I want to do it. And you'll see some people washing clean from their own natural ways, what they think, genealogies, this and that. And I'll bring the shepherds, they have a bag full of honey, go rough on it. Amen. And they after they claim the fame, they'll figure that out. They step our songs. We get them off and over here. Step over there over there. Finally now. But their lips are all going still trying to get me now. They pray on the heart. That's all. Amen. When that devil moves in, pray on your heart. When that discriminating spirit in America moves in, pour on your heart. For you recognize the spirit come from Cain. Amen. He discriminated against his brother Abel. There's the seed right there. It it must be manifested in the end age. So then when people when race will hate race by the time is prophesied to come, God deliberately takes that time to show the love of God to prove the word of God to show the lambs that have the word of God in it that the manifest Christ against all. Amen. what the family says, what the thinking say, what the say, what good say, but the word the word of God. God don't care what the muffin say, what the clan say, what Johnson says. It's what that word says. And the prophet of God preach the word of God. I thank God for the opportunity to stand up there and to proclaim the gospel of God. No matter if I go out here tonight, friends, I want to have a testimony that I have not shunned to declare the whole the whole gospel of Christ for these four years. As I enter into the fifth year, I want to rededicate my life to the preaching of the word through the living of the sheep to do all that I can for Christ. And I don't want to look at my brother's faults. No, sorry. For there'll be a hawk spirit blasting down my brother. Then if God can find two in Connecticut, three over here, did you hear what I said? Amen. Five in Connecticut, three over there, and so forth. See, he can find two there, one over there. He said, then he'll take that those few. That's all. I'll take one and I'll leave one. There'll be two in the bed, I'll take one, I'll leave one. Two sleeping, I'll take one and I'll leave one. Two in the field, I'll take one, I'll leave one. But practice that. So it'll be on that rise. And when he does that, the hawks be standing out looking at themselves, the nice skin and flesh and everything. Think because they're beautiful. And the the the sheep will be this humble and thinking nothing and then the Holy Spirit will just flutter down into the sheep's hearts. My Amen. And how will he come on the wings of a snow white dot? Amen. I feel good this morning. Can you sing with me this morning? Do you want the Holy Spirit to come out of 67 and flow into your hearts on the wings of a snow white dot? Hey, let's sing a song. God's promised memorial song. I love this song. On the wings of a snow white, we all know it. Amen. [Music] On the wings of a snow. God sends his miracle. Sweet love on the wings of God. No, I had drifted on the flood many days. He searched for end in various ways. Trouble he has some but wings of the dark. the wings of the snow. God sent his pure [Music] sweet on the wings of the dark. [Music] Jesus our savior came to earth one day. Oh, we in a state of pain rejected one from I on the wings of the dark of the [Applause] snow his [Music] sweet though I have sorrow in me away. Oh, I cried for you. Oh, night and day for the love of God by the father of I on the wings of my everybody. Oh, the wings of my [Applause] soul is his pure [Music] sweet on the wings of the Here's one more verse which brother Perry Green and sister Coleman and sister Sylvia May wrote out in Arizona. Now the prophet has left us but he showed us the way. He said look unto Jesus today for Jesus has promise God from the death of his life to send us aside the wings of All of the snow is sweet. The wings of the wings of sent his sweet love from on the wings of the last verse is beautiful. Now the prophet has left us for he showed us the way. He said, "Look to Jesus." Oh, from day to day. For Jesus has promised from the depth of his love to send us aside. Everybody one more time. All the wings of the [Applause] star. Praise his name. Amen. Praise his name. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Praise this wonderful name. Well, friends, that's our beginning of 1967. Little chopped up message, but we pray to God that it got home to some heart. And we know that the God sent the sign, the prophet. He showed the life of Christ. He showed us the way. That was the way. not knowing the scriptures and having all the tapes. But he showed us the way to Calvary, picking up your cross and following Christ in the prophet who loved all man. Amen. Loved everybody. People come with all kind of crazy things. He just forbade with put up with it. Amen. Now he showed us the way. Can we purpose in our heart for 67 and move forward as we see in the natural the Hulk spirit moving in in America like a flood. Amen. The Catholic sign has gone forth. Mary and Jesus on the postage stamp. The dove is the sign all over in the natural. And also eagles are all over everywhere. This country started with the eagle. It's going out with an eagle. Is that right? See me now? But it's the golden eagle, not the bald eagle, but the bald eagle is a scavenger. The brown eagle covers up his nest with the old bones and ferns and everything. But that golden eagle keeps his nest clean. Amen. So keep your nest clean, friends. Keep the roofs clean. Amen. And let the dirt fly into the roofs and let God dwell in your tabernacle. Then all these different tabernacles come into this one place. See to me now such an anointing comes down where we can just praise God and walk up and down the floor and shout and bless his name. Amen. We just keep it clean and we dedicate it to the preaching of the word and we just go from day to day. From day to day. That's all. And he point us to Jesus. Brother Brand didn't point us to a tent, to a white horse rider. He didn't point us to a place. He pointed us to Christ. I can pick up any tape and prove it. He said, "Don't change the tape." Say what the tape said. Amen. Don't ever change the tape. So, he pointed to the word of God. We have the opportunity now to move into 67 with a heart purge and clean in the right attitude and the right frame of mind. Amen. To let the dove fly into a new heart and a new spirit. For God gives a new spirit to receive the Holy Spirit. The prophet said so we have a new spirit now which is changed from the world and that we might receive the fullness of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The fullness I said there are those here with the baptism of the Holy Spirit of course but there's a fullness coming which is a dove himself to walk in that tabernacle and dwell in there and live in there and move and have his very existence in you. Then if that's God that ain't no horn, it's a dove. Amen. Then if you go back to your group, sit down, wait till the sun come up and then the sun manifests itself the word and you see the hawks fighting and scratching and so forth, just say, "Well, just pray for them." Amen. Be sweet and humble and go on. If God had laid something up on your heart, you want this to happen, that to happen, do it. Have faith and do it. Don't care what the horn say. Go and do it anyway. Amen. You'll see a God and he'll bless that. See? Amen. Now, if God wants a certain thing, you got to have faith to do it. And the hawks going to Now, when you see the hawks fighting, then you know it's God's will. That's right. When those hawks scratch and fight, see when David moves in and the hawks just stir up a a ruckus. See amen now? Well, then the dove sit right there with faith praying, waiting on God. Amen. And God sends the God anointed, God- sent leader. Amen. And he has a claim to fame. He always gets the sheep all the time. Get him out of the bear's hand, the lion's hand. Amen. He always gets the sheep. For he don't have to say who I am when you got a bang hang on his side. Amen. There's a rock with is full of honey over it. And the sheep, they know what's in that bag. Amen. They say, "I want what's in that bag." I don't know about you so much, but what's in the bag? Amen. You know, when you hear that the man, what's in the man's bag? Amen. Then if you get what's in the bag, you won't reverence the man and all the love. See, forget what that honey in that bag. Amen. See, and look at his good. Taste the Lord. He is delicious. Amen. We thank God this morning for all our friends to be here. And we want to wish you the that the best for the this coming year in this sense that may we if we don't be here or somewhere else may we meet you in the resurrection. That's my sincere prayer and desire. May every person in here may the dove flutter into his heart. Amen. Say now may the dove of God is flutter in there. But the only way he can come in there he showed us the way. Humble dead loving forgiving. See that's the only way. He won't come no other way. And that's the word of the Lord. You see that God will that word. Amen. And sit still and watch the horses raise up us. Seemen now they got you. But God got to pull off the cover. It's harvest season. Shall we stand?
