################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-06-05 - The Transforming Power of the Capstone of Love - Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-06-05
Title:   The Transforming Power of the Capstone of Love
Speaker: Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGhCxKSWKe8
========================================

Description:
Bro. Coleman
October 21, 1990
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
The song we'll sing this evening is titled Holy of Holies about going past the outer court, past the holy place into that place where that divine august being is. Praise the name of the Lord. [Music] [Music] Take me past the outer court. and through the holy place, past the phrase altar. Lord, I want to see your face. Pass me by the crowds of people and bring their praise. Lord, I hunger and I thirst for your righteousness. But it's only found one place. So take me in to the holy of holy. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me Lord of holy holy. Take me. Cleanse my lips. Here I am, God. I want to be there. Holy, holy, take me by the blood of the lamb. Jesus the way I was holy the holy holy cleanse my lips cleanse my lips here I am here I am cleanse my lips here I am like Isaiah said cleanse my lips Here I am. Hallelujah. The outer court I'm justified in the holy place made clean. But in the holy of holies is the holy ghost itself. the mighty presence of Jehovah and I a prisoner of love. Lord, so help me die that you may rise in me. The capstone of love. So take me in to the holy of holies. Take me by the blood of the lamb. Take me in the Lord. Holy. Hallelujah. Raise my lips. Here I am. Lord, I want to be there. Holy of holies. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Jesus the lamb of holy holy holy. Raise my lips. Raise my lips. Here I am. Here I am. Praise my lips. Here I am. Like Isaiah sing my hands here I am. Praise his holy Lord. Glory to his Lord. Here I am. Take the call. Grace my lips here I am. Yes. Take the place my lips where I am. As we enter in tonight my lips where I am. Oh Jesus the lamb of God where I am. Take me into that holy place where there's where there's peace and joy forever more. Jesus, take me in. I want to see your face. I want to see your face tonight, Lord. Show me, show me thy glory, Lord. Show me thy glory. Yes. Blessed Son of God, I need your soul. Oh, take me in. Let me die to myself tonight. Lay everything down and let the son of God rise. Rise in me, Jesus. Let me touch. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, help me myself. Yes, I save me in the place. My where I am and take the cold. Bless my here. [Music] Praise his mighty name. Praise his mighty name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. That's where I want to be, friends. In that place where the cherubam's wings are tipped, the divine presence of the living God to speak back. And Aaron's rod budded in there. May we butt in there tonight. Praise his holy name. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song again that we sung before. I know it was a blood. I know it was the blood for me. [Music] I think a few more times around then we'll really understand and it was a blood for me and for you. Yes. Now you started tonight. Everybody sing. Yes. That's right. my God for me. But one day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. Well, I know it was the blood for now. Is he coming back or what? Well, he's coming. That's right, brother. Yes, he is. Why don't you shake somebody's hand? Tell him that back again for me. Well, one day now he died upon a cross. I know. [Music] That's right. Well, I know it was the blood. Hallelujah. Know it was the blood. Yes, I know. [Music] And he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. [Music] He's coming back again. He's coming back again. He's coming back again for me. When I was lost, he died upon the cross. Was the blood for me. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, oh he died upon the cross. I know the blood for me. Glory. He's coming back again. He's coming back again. Back again for me. Thank you, Lord. when I was lost. Well, he died upon the cross. He's coming back again for me. How many feel that way tonight? Say, "Amen. Lord, I know you're coming back for me. Thank you, Lord." Oh, praise God. God be praised. God be praised. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Did you enjoy that song? The Holy of Holies. Praise God. That's been my inspiration since I first started. And then joined later on by brother Robbo to take you into the holiest of holies. And that song is dedicated sang. They they just got a hold of it the other day. I says, "I want that for Sunday night cuz this is my climax tonight. I won't be seeing you for a while. I'm finally going to take that month off." Amen. So, I wanted to all what I've been trying to do was to take you into the holy holy of holies, pass the riven veil, where the glories never fail. Praise God. Past the outer court, past the holy place, past the brass altar, rip down the curtain of selfwell. Amen. And enter into a holy way. Praise God. Over the mercy seat where the go is overlaid with gold and the blood is sprinkled seven times to the east. Praise God. As an atonement for you and I. Oh, catch a revelation of this. Praise God. And the song says, "So take me into the holy of holies. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Uh, take me into the holy of holies. Take the cold. Cleanse my lips. Here I am." So, and I want to be there. So, take me in. So, that's what this song was dedicated for. May God Richie bless them for singing it so beautifully tonight. Now, amen. Praise God. Amen. And Wednesday, I want to announce that the message of the Lord laid upon my heart to play for the church and other groups they want to join in is the ministry of Jesus Christ identified in uh Canada. Uh was May 17th, 1986. And I happened to hear it yesterday. Brother Norman gave me a a cassette and I heard it and I couldn't believe that this is exactly what I've been preaching these last eight messages, but it ties it all together and tells you how to climb that pyramid. Praise God. So, um, we we also want to tell you that, uh, some of us went down to Pennsylvania to Lebanon and in the area there. Uh, they had an eastern regional meeting, the different ones that meet in the east. And uh, they invited uh, us down for the first time, but I didn't get the uh, invitation. It was a mix up in the mail, I suppose, until Monday. So I was only able to announce it Wednesday, but of course whoever would have been here Wednesday, they was in service, then they would have known. So if he wasn't here, then of course you couldn't know. But if he was here Wednesday, many of them came down. But of course, if everybody was here Wednesday, would it wouldn't have been enough room. So the Holy Spirit knows how to do it. Amen. So brother Billy Paul did speak and it was a tremendous uh testimony that he gave and I believe brother Michael uh is got it on on video. Brother Michael, you got it. We like to get a a copy of it and sometimes show it to you. So, praise God. Well, I'd like to invite your attention now uh to Genesis 1, first chapter, Romans 12, and 2 Peter 1. And I told you I wanted to come in here on a Sunday night. And so, here I am. And find only a few people here. Amen. So, everything is just right. Only a few people is here. I'm here. Praise God. I'm ready to preach. Amen. It's the same to me if it's 5,000 people. It doesn't matter. Praise God. It's God's word. Amen. So, Genesis 1, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And this earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. Now, whenever God says, "Let there be light," he always scatters the darkness every time. Praise God. Amen. Verse 11. And we just about that time now for God to say, "Let there be light of Joseph perfection and watch it scatter." Oh, praise God. Verse 11. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth." Seed's already there. And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself. And it it was a a germatized quickened seed. It wasn't dead. Amen. And after his kind. Glory. And God saw that it was good. Hallelujah. Romans 12. Glory to God. Romans 12. Amen. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be ye not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Amen. Amen. Second Peter uh first chapter um verse three. According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of him that Amen. that hath called us to glory and virtue. Amen. Praise God. Yes, sir. whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious what? Promises. That by these what promises? Ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption. Amen. Escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Amen. Praise God. And besides this, given all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. Hallelujah. For if if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. May God a blessing to read of his word. Amen. Have a word of prayer. Almighty God, as I stand here tonight, Father, weary and weak Lord, and you told me in July that to preach on October 7th and the 21st, and that brother Obla and I was a preacher morning and night, but then the birth of the baby came on the 7th and then you gave me that message that you wanted the whole church to hear at the same time on the seventh. So, you control the birth that Brother Obla couldn't preach then. Amen. May they pick this up now and understand why you wanted everybody to hear Joseph perfection releases the Holy Ghost at the same day, the same time that they might be in the spirit. Praise God. Amen. And now tonight, Lord, may you pour out the Holy Spirit, strengthen my body. I don't care if it's five people here, Lord God, may you bring a deliverance in here tonight. And Father, may it pour out on the tapes to those who will see it. uh next Sunday and and when it goes out to the brethren and ministers around wherever it goes all the way down to New Zealand and Australia, may the fire shake from one side of the earth all the way down to the other side. Praise God. May there be a mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit here tonight. Oh, praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, strengthen my body to deliver this message. I commit it to thy hand and I pray every person will be shaken in here tonight. May not one of them leave here the same way they come in here. Oh God, send out your transforming power. Yes sir. Father, we commit into thy hands the message to people myself in Jesus name we pray and ask the blessing. Amen and amen and amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. Everybody feeling fine? Let me see who's here. hard anybody here but amen doesn't matter where two or three are gathered there I am amen so anyway um I was announcing about I spoke about Lebanon and brother brother Billy Paul that's right and Wednesday I want to play the tape amen and explains how to climb that ladder and you and see the Holy Spirit just disguises himself as virtue and comes down in virtue and gives you power into your faith and then you begin to climb the ladder, but you got to pray for it. Amen. Lord, pour out virtue that I might be able to to climb that ladder. And Father, pour out knowledge. Praise God. That that I might know what to do with the power. Praise God. Amen. So, you're here to tape yourself. Amen. Now, my title tonight, Brother Norman, the transforming power of the capstone of love. And my subject is let Joseph perfection seed come forth after his kind. Let him come forth. Praise God. It's been planted. Praise God. Let it come forth. Amen. And my inspiration is conforming ourselves to the image of Jesus Christ. So we thank the choir for that beautiful song. Take me into the holy of holies. Praise God. Now 19 uh July 27, 1990 here the Holy Spirit told me to break off from my message of July 8th the manifestation of the the the seed word Joseph affection and good ground. He said break off spin off of about three or four or five messages. Amen. So and it spun off. I was just watching it. Amen. and brother brother Oblato, he came in with three and then I saw uh last Sunday uh he told me to preach the 7th and the 21st. I didn't know anything about the 14th at all till he spoke to me uh on a Thursday or Friday and said, "Now you got them up on Joseph perfection and you're going to bring them forth on the 21st." He said, "But they haven't died yet. So now you got to take them in the ground." So that's how last Sunday's message was born. The death of a corner wheat. Praise God. So, praise God. If you've done that or trying to do that, then you will certainly come forth after his kind. And won't nobody else come forth except those that have died and rotted in the ground. Praise God. That's the only kind that can come forth. Amen. So, praise God. uh he said from this message here so I have by God's grace I have endeavored to do this in August 25th in Canada the word bride prisons of love unto the Lord and then that Sunday morning August 26th lo here is seed for you and you shall sow the lamb October 7th Joseph perfection releases the Holy Ghost itself October 14th which was a complete surprise the death of a corner wheat and October 21st and today is number Five. Amen. The transforming power of the capstone of love. And brother Robo history message was September 16th for this saint. September 23rd. Who is this? He took care of Simon. Praise God. And this morning I didn't hear the message this morning. I was busy. So I know something about some leaving your rags over there somewhere. Praise God. And uh and Joseph affection. And so therefore I know it was a masterpiece, but I didn't hear it all. So I got to wait for the tape like you. Amen. So now with brother Roberto's three messages and my five making a total of eight. Amen. I trust and pray to bring a real blessing to you and to the churches wherever it'll go to. Amen. So I got to pull aside for a while now because uh you know what to do now. And so I got to wait for you. Amen. You got to come up here and uh I'll be standing by that malberry tree. Praise God. I'll be waiting to hear the sound of the going in the top of the tree. So I'll be hearing your prayers. Lord, seal me, Lord. Lord, pour down the virtue, Lord. Lord, send down temperance and patience and godliness. That's what I'll be hearing over there. Oh, and it's not going to stop see unceasingly. So, may you seek God daily until every one of these qualifications that's on that board there uh uh uh is living in you, made manifest. and the capstone cap off the pyramids of your lives. May he put the capstone Christ Jesus upon each and every one of us. May the fire of the Holy Ghost come upon us. May the power of the resurrection be manifested. We thank you Lord for this inspiration. We give ourselves fully to you Lord. And may the promise of the bride's promises of dynamics to her mechanics come to her this day in this season and shake this church with the power of the Holy Ghost tonight. Amen. And wherever this tape goes, may it shake and shake and shake. Praise God. May everybody here tonight that's seeking the Holy Ghost, my God, may you be filled, praise God, with the Holy Ghost and fire. May you be refilled. Praise God. So may may we become one soul that great grace and great power can pour out upon each of us here and wherever these tapes go that we might be real witnesses. Amen. For Christ in these last days as love slaves, prisoners unto the Lord. Do you want that there? And then you pray that for me and I'll pray it for you. Amen. And so after tonight, I want to take a long rest after 16 hard years of pounding away with these promises of Malachi 4's message and we and be healed and strengthened when I return to the battlefield. God bless you. Hey, we're here now. I can rest. Praise God. And whatever you sow, that what is what you shall reap. Praise God. Now our title is the transforming power of the capstone of love. Our subject is let Joseph perfection seed come forth after his kind. And inspiration is the conforming ourselves to the image of Jesus Christ. Now question uh what does the transformation mean? And number two what is the transforming power and what does the transforming? So therefore we find on God's power to transform. Amen. On page five and uh page five and about paragraph 37 and he's explained by the dictionary and in the dictionary it says that is something that's changed. It's to be changed transformed made different than what it was. It's been uh its character and everything has been changed in it to transform. And when you left the world, became a Christian, you were changed, transformed by the power of God. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise God. Amen. So now it's and it's so therefore transformed meaning it means to be changed. Amen. Paragraph 38. And I think in this morning in Genesis 1, this world was without form. It and it was void and darkness was upon the earth. Nothing but a complete chaos. And when this world was in that condition, the spirit of God moved upon the face of the water and the entire picture was changed. And he's still God. He can change your picture tonight. is not so deep, not too far. Amen. Not too impossible that the spirit of the Lord cannot move upon you. Praise God. And totally completely change you. Halle Don't you ever give up hope. Don't you ever lose faith. He can do it. Yes, he can. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. And when you have real faith in this pastor, then he can go and pray for your whole household and they can be changed. When you can get rid of your suspicious uh nature about the pastor, praise God. Then I'll walk in your house with thus says God. I said, "Move aside, brother. The Lord just told me that you have faith in me and sent me over here to pray for you and your entire family." Praise God. and watch the power of God hit your house and watch them come out of there. Some that don't even say thank you or nothing in your home. Praise God. The power of God can come in there. Praise God. And change that whole thing. Oh yes, he can. Praise God. But you got to you got to have faith in the ministry. Praise God. You can't be suspicious of what I'm doing, why I'm doing it. Just trust me. Praise God. I know what I'm doing. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. may be seated. Praise God. What does transform mean? Uh uh and the whole entire picture was changed from a total chaos to a garden of Eden. That is transforming power of God that can take something that's nothing. Amen. Praise God. And the entire picture was changed from a total chaos to a garden of Eden. That is the transforming power of God that can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. God's transforming power is the spirit of God. And the spirit of God is here tonight. And I'm showing you on here how he progresses up as he did with his church age. So he does with the individuals according to Malachi 4's message which is thus sayaith the Lord. Amen. My God transforming power. Amen. And page six, he said paragraph 49. Now God in 6,000 years had planted all these wonderful seeds or he had spoke his word. Now we understand we don't know what was in the beginning God. That's it. In the well went in the beginning God. Well when was that? We were way past a theologian's mind. God, no school, no theologian, no bishop can go past in the beginning. Now, you might have had another world over there where the angels lived at. I don't know. Praise God. Will they walk up and down earth? I don't know. But all I know is Genesis 1 says in the beginning, God, you might have planted seeds, had all this oak tree and this kind of tree, everything was already there. But something happened and a judgment went forth. Praise God. Then the world was without form and void and dark and chaos. Hallelujah. Praise God. But God say I'm going to do it again by my word. Hallelujah. It could be. I don't know. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Yes. Are you in the spirit now? I can feel vibrations coming back. Hallelujah. Stay in the spirit. Glory. Anything can happen. Glory. May be seated. Now God in 6,000 years had planted all these wonderful seeds or had spoke his word. It shall be this way. This tree shall be. This shall be. Everything was perfect. Amen. Perfect. The tree shall be this. It was just good. And he commanded each one of those seeds that they would be uh they would transform themselves into the plant of which kind of life that the word of God has spoken in them should be. That's a good one cuz he told me the same thing in 1964. Cuz I put power in you and you going to transform yourself into Joseph perfection one day. And I believe it because the potentials is in me. The power is in me. Praise God. And that's what I aspire to be. I don't want to be anything else in this world. I don't want no the world's money. I don't want the lust in the things of the world. I want to be Joseph perfection on this earth. A type of Jesus Christ because the potentials is in me. Praise God. He put it in me. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. And that's what you should want yourself. If you don't have that desire, you should be on your knees praying, "Lord God, I'm in the age of Joseph perfection. I don't want no other age." Let that be a revelation in me. Hallelujah. Live or die, sink or swim, denomination, no denomination. Praise God. Husband or no husband. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. Hey, let a revelation pour in these people here tonight and out on this tape. Praise God. May come roaring off of there. Praise God. Hallelujah. To leave this world. We got to leave. We can't stay here all the time. But we have to be ready to go. Amen. Amen. I'm not trying to preach you to scare you either. That's right, young sister. I ain't trying to scare you. I don't need to scare you. God don't need you. Praise God. Hallelujah. God will wipe you out of here. Praise God. Talking about I'm preaching to the young people to try to scare them. I ain't trying to scare anybody. Praise God. Amen. If you want to go do your thing, well, go ahead and do your thing. Praise God. And I'm doing my thing. Praise God. I'm trying to be like Jesus. I'm trying to be like Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. Amen. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated, but that's good. If it was an oak tree, it was to bring forth an oak. If it was a palm, it was to bring forth a palm. Because the great creator had just sent forth his word. Do you understand? He sent forth his word seed. and was there before the real seed was ever formed. Yes, sir. And watch. And the word formed the seed. Yes, sir. See, he made the world out of things that does not appear. By the word. When he spoke it, those were words seeds. And the real thing wasn't seen yet. the real seeds cuz it was covered over without form, void, darkness, chaos was already there. The word seeds. All he had to do was say, "Let there be." Praise God. Separate. Praise God. And up they come. Praise God. Cuz the power and the potentials was already in them. And you have the Holy Ghost tonight. Hallelujah. The power and the potential is already in you tonight to be transformed into what he wants you to be. And and you know what? You're going to be that. You are going to be exactly what he wants you to be. Whether the devil likes it or not, there ain't enough devils in hell to stop it. God has spoken. Let there be light. Praise God. The Holy Spirit brooded over the word seed and there was light. Let there be a bride in the last days. Hallelujah. And the Holy Spirit is brooding over you now. And there shall be light. Pray. There shall be light in the evening time. Glory. Hallelujah. Don't you give up now. Praise God. You be encouraged. You keep on pressing. You keep on pressing. Keep moving. Keep moving. Praise God. You're going to be sealed. You may be seated. Amen. Glory to God. He sent forth his word and the word seed was there before the real seed was ever formed. And the word formed the seed. See, he made the word out of things that does not appear. He made the world by his word. God spoke everything into existence. Amen. So therefore uh what uh does the transform transform mean here? And the entire picture was changed from the total chaos to the garden of Eden. And that is transforming power of God that can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. Oh yes, he can. Amen. And God has sent forth his word only. And the word seed was there before the real seed would ever form. This just bringing it back for your mind. You might have been shouting and missed it. Amen. And the word formed the seed. Yes, sir. Genesis 1:3, God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. God sent forth his word, excuse me, and the word seed was there. Let there be light was the word seed. When he said, "Let there be light," that was the word seed before the real seed would ever form. And then when he said, "Let there be light," that was the word seed spoken from his mouth. Then the Holy Spirit was commissioned to fly over that word seed and brood over that word seed. A Holy Ghost come upon that word seed. Amen. To transform that word seed with the potentials in it to be what he wants it to be. And why are you doubting when the word seed is in you with the potentials to be what it's supposed to be? What you if you don't have the Holy Ghost, what you want to be is germmitized. Lord God, germitize this word seed in me. Praise God. That I might be what you want me to be. And I know I'm going to be it because the word is in me. Praise God. Before the foundation of the world, I was back there shouting and screaming and dancing and these devils can't stop me. Praise God. But what I need is a Holy Ghost. I need to be germatized. I need to be lifted up out of this world and atmosphere and the whole thing. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. You may be seated. Don't let nothing stop you. Hallelujah. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. nothing. Amen. And the Holy Ghost brewed over the word seed and the word formed the seed and there was light. Praise God. And God put seeds in the earth. Amen. Genesis 1 uh 11 and 12 which I just read. So on page 9 here, he speaks about Genesis 1 and 12 and everything was under control to bring forth of its kind. Now remember to bring when you put the seed in the earth the seed can only bring forth with the power of life within it. It's got to be in there. Otherwise see when the Holy Spirit I keep telling them get them seeds into you cuz now when he comes he's here what he sweeps over here. He can only bring forth according to the power that's in it. If it's a worldly seed it'll be a worldly seed. But if it's a died out, praise God, uh, sanctified, hallelujah, holding on to the horns of the altar seed, then it'll bring forth that kind and it it has birth pains. It's not afraid to say, "I'm sorry. I repent and not go all around this way and that way and try to figure it out and well, it wasn't me. It was you." Amen. It was you. Praise. People don't even know how to repent. Pray. They put it on a phantom. Amen. No, the Phantom did it. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. When he put the seed in the earth, the seed can only come forth with the power of life within it to transform it from a seed to a plant or whatever it was. His transforming power. Now, God put the seed in there with potential. That's Genesis 1 11-12. That it would be what he said it would be. And as long as it stayed in its right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be. I don't care what they doing in Saudi Arabia. I don't care what they doing on 42nd Street with the the the what the rockers and the what these people the the the crews or somebody. I don't care what they're doing. I don't care all the murders and things that's going on that ain't got nothing to do with me. I mean, I'm going to be a real seed. That's not I ain't got nothing to do. I only hardly read the papers. Praise God. I don't want to look at this stuff. I want to see Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. May be seated. Now, God put the seat in there with potentials. Amen. that it would be what he said it would be. As long as it stayed in the right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be. It It had to be that way because he had made it that way and made a channel and anything that stays in his channel in his line of wor. It cannot move from there because angels are holding you there. You can't move. The Holy Spirit's got you right there. And angels go forth to watch over you and bring you to your salvation. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. You can't make a mist make a mistake. If you step this way, all things work together for good. Don't be all down and sad. Put your shoulders back, Brother Kelvin. Praise God. Put your chest out. Lift your head high. Praise God. The thunderses across the earth. Thank you, brother Burfield. Praise God. Hallelujah. God bless you, my friends down there in New Zealand and Australia. May the Lord richly bless you down there. May God pour out the Holy Spirit. Praise God in your assemblies down there for staying with this message. Hallelujah. Praise God. You may be seated. Cannot move from there. This channel just exactly right. So with everything in the trust in his own son that it would be that way. Then God said it's all good. He rested on the seventh day. And God did the same thing in the seventh church age after his son Malachi forth had planted these seeds. Praise God. And on the wings of the snow white dove, next message coming forth. Exactly. Dove leading eagle. He says, "All good. Report home my servant." Praise God. You have planted every seed from the Bible from Genesis all the way through Revelation. Reveal every mystery. Open the seven seal, thundered out the thunders. Praise God. Hallelujah. Somebody going to pick it up. May these young men pick it up and sweep it on. May these men bring it to life and make more sense out of it. Praise God. Ain't everything is right in the kilter. Ain't nothing out of line. Everything is exactly the way God wants it tonight in your life tonight. Hallelujah. He's brought you this here this way. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. He's brought you a few trials. He's maybe taking your son, maybe two sons, and maybe your daughter, they look all messed up, but he did that to break your spirit. Praise God. That you might cry out to him. Praise God. That's right. Husband and wife, both. Praise God. He's doing that. Until you accept his will, he will keep on doing it. So, you might as well accept his will tonight. And when you do, it's finished forever. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. You may be seated is channel exactly right. So everything is trusting his own son. Oh, where' that come from? That would be that way. And then God said, "It's good. I'll just rest." Amen. He's resting now. Praise God. Amen. So I'll just rest. Each one of those uh you know the seven seal open. Praise God. and thundered seven times on the nail prayer. God's resting. God's waiting. Uh he already descended. He does three things. Uh the shout and the voice in the trunk. So therefore, ain't nothing wrong. The shout has already gone forth. What are you talking about? Why are you discouraged? Huh? Why are you discouraged when the Lord himself has already descended from heaven with a shout? You in this age, in the rapture time, So why is your face down? Praise God. I don't understand it. People walking around with long faces. You have everything to shout for, everything to stand up on your feet for to praise God. Glory. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. It's all good. I'll just rest. Each one of those seas has power in itself to see God knows. God knows after the prophet left who the predestinated seeds are and he knows that they have power within themselves. So when he sends the dynamics, he already knows what's going to happen. He's going to have this. He knows that. So why worry? Be happy. Why worry? Huh? Glory to God. Be happy. Why worry? Hallelujah. [Music] Even the man in the world said that. Praise God. You may be seated. Christian is unhappy. Yes, sir. I'll rest. Each one of those seats has power in itself to transform it itself into the species that I desire it to be. Not what they want you to be, but what he wants you to be. I'm not going to be what you want me to be. I'm not going to preach the way you want me to preach. No, I'm not going to say the thing that you want me to say. I'm going to say what I'm what he want me to say. And when I say it, that will deliver you and you and your family if you accept it in the beloved. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. That's what I desire to be. That's what it must be because I have given every seed transforming power to make out of itself in its potentials. Now to make out of itself exactly what I want it to be. God has never changed as the same today as he was then. God is determined to do something. He'll do it. Nothing is going to stop him. He'll do it. And I say he'll do it. Yes, sir. Oh, glory. Now, remember, the sea can only come forth with the power of life within it to transform it from a seed uh to a plant or whatever it was by his transforming power. And God put the word seat in there with his potentials that it would be what he said it would be. And as long as it stayed in the right category, it would be exactly what God said it would be. And each uh are and each age of those seeds has power in itself. Each one of those seeds rather. Amen. To transform itself into the species that I desire it to be. That uh that's what I want. That's what it must be. I have given every seed transforming power to make out of itself in its potentials to make out of itself for exactly what I want it to be. How we thank God for this evening time promise of God from Malachi 4 for the end time bride. Oh, I thank him and I praise him. My how are we transformed into this image of Christ? Amen. on now how is it done on page 15 God's transforming power this is the way it's done uh but I'm so glad paragraph 110 and through 112 I'm so glad that God is mindful us again are you glad that God is mindful of you again oh I'm glad that he is Lord here's my hand that you're mindful of me to send me a prophet praise God how to get out of here how to escape I'm so glad that God is mind for us again that he can still move upon the face of the condition. He promised he would do it and call the little flock which would be his bride. Now what are you getting sad about? He promised to do this and he's going to do it. Yes sir. Notice here again now how perfect these church churches type or these Edens. Now watch. God through a seed of his word. And there's only one thing that can quicken the word and that is the spirit. For it is the lifegiver to the word. Now, now here's now here's the mystery here. Now watch. When the life in the word, see, you must be born again. See, otherwise there's a word seed and you will be born again. But if you have the Holy Ghost now and you want to know how to climb, okay, it's right here. if and uh he says um and when the life in the word that's in you down in faith meets the life of the spirit of charity, the Holy Spirit coming down, it produces whatever the seed is. Did you get it? The life in the word. Amen. For this age, look at it. Then the Holy Spirit knows what the life is because the spirit is the word and the word is the spirit. So therefore the life of the spirit can only transform what the life in the seed is. That's all. So they waiting around here for for all these kind of things. They're not going to happen. He's going to transforming according to the life in the sea. When the dynamics fly over there, brother, it'll be according to what life is in that seed. And I know what I put in these seeds there. Adoption time, signs, wonders, miracles. Then that those potentials will be because a transforming power will sweep over. Praise God. And strike that life and that'll come to pass. And you'll see Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Malachi 4 promise on Satan's Eden. Amen. Did Did you get that now? The life. See, you're sitting there wondering how am I going to get up get up to the top? Well, the Holy Ghost up in the rainbows. When that life breaks in here, see, it's here now, but it's going to go a gusher. Then when that life in the rainbow strikes the life in faith, it begins to transform it. You ain't got anything to do with it. You just follow into his footsteps and where he leads you, that's where you go. And he will send you trials. Praise God. And don't you welch. Say, "I did. I I did it, Lord." Amen. Praise God. The trials are going to come now to try every virtue in you. Oh, I hope you can get that. It's going to try the virtue in you. [Music] So don't try to back up and make excuses. Don't get self-pity spirits. You know, self-pity sit back there and just feel sorry for itself all the time. God can't do nothing for you. Just all time. Well, I don't know why me and Okay. Page 14. Satan's Eden. Having faith in all of his word, his seed brought an Eden of holiness, love, and eternal life. That is what God's Eden produces, holiness. And it brought an Eden of holiness, of love, understanding, perfection, and eternal life. Amen. That is what God is planning. Now, don't tell God that his plans are not going to be complete. because you didn't get the Holy Ghost yet. Because you didn't get healed yet. What kind of prayer are you praying? Lord, fulfill your plan in me. [Applause] Yes, sir. That is what God is planning. His word, his seed. That is what his church will be at the end. It will be the same thing. Yes, sir. Oh, didn't he say that? The three-fold revelation of Jesus Christ. In Christ, the mystery of God revealed. What was the three-fold mystery? Now, God having a preeminence in Christ. Number one. Number two, Christ having a preeminence in the bride for what? To bring her back to Eden. Praise God. Now, here's a thought. Don't forget it. I'll get it to some other time or some other message. But you know, God said, "Let every seed bring forth of his kind." Is that God's commandment? Now, what good is any preacher or anybody else to try to make that word say something else? Catch what I'm saying now? And amen. All these guys that raise up say it won't be that and it won't be this, it won't be that. He said, 'Well, what good is is it for them to do that when his word is a seed? Well, why would these false knowing guys rise up after the pastor plant I mean after the prophet planted the seeds and they rise up against that and say they say you don't need the Holy Ghost like that and there's no more signs and wonders. They don't do it no more like that. He said why would they do that? He said every word is a seed. And these men are trying to change that. Jesus said the so the seed of sold. So if St. Mark 16 is God's word, it will bring forth of its kind. In this age, in this church. Amen. Amen. Brother Lance Lee, how's the Trinidad, man? Praise God. Praise God. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Every word is a seed of God is a seed. Jesus said so the sewer soul. So if St. Mark 16 is God's word, it will bring forth of his kind. If Malachi 4 is God's word, it will bring forth of its kind. And every other promise must bring forth of his kind. You know what I'm saying? What is Acts 2:38, brother Paul? Repent and be baptized, and you what? You shall you shall hallelujah that's there for eternity receive the gift of the Holy Ghost that will bring forth of his kind in you sir praise God I felt fire on that brother that's a word seed nobody can change it amen you may be seated glory to God. That's what God is planning for his word to see. That's what his church at the end. It be the same thing. Praise God. Amen. If St. Mark 16, St. John 14:12, 14:20, Ephesians 4, 2 Peter 1:4-8, Galatians 5:22 is God's word, then it's a seed. Then it'll bring forth after its kind. Where in this church? you just as sure as Mal God's words see St. Mark uh Malachi 4 St. Luke 17:30, Revelation 10:1-7 that brought forth after its kind. Well, so will the rest of these seeds. Praise God that the prophet planted for this bride in the last days. Hallelujah. He'll pour out his spirit upon these seeds and you'll bring forth after your kind. Don't be discouraged tonight. Be encouraged. Praise God. Cuz you're on the verge of the greatest outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Praise God. That the world has seen since the days of the apostles. Oh, hallelujah. Be encouraged tonight. Praise God. Oh, glory. And every other promise must come forth of its kind. Hallelujah. Every seed at this kind will bring forth. Then every seed will come forth at this kind. You may be seated. And that's my inspiration today. Malachi 4 reveal. Amen. that Joseph perfection was the capstone word. I've been over and over and over through that as a fourth light upon the word. Luther was the first, Wesley second, Pentecostal the third, and Joseph was the fourth light upon the word. Therefore, I conclude tonight on this last message here, this eighth message before I go take a rest. Therefore, I conclude that Joseph perfection capstone word is the seed, the time, the age, the worry. If that be so, let the same God that said, "Let there be light." Let that God tonight say, "Let Joseph perfection seed come forth after its kind." Hallelujah. With the potentials in it to climb that pyramid tree. You may be seated. What kind of a seed is Joseph perfection? A perfect type of Christ. Then what will come forth? A perfect type of Christ. I've laid this thing down for you. Praise God. For 16 years, hallelujah, is going to be every seed of its own kind. Yes, sir. Glory. [Music] Amen. Spoken words, original seed, part one, volume three, page 44. Yes, Siri. Are you with me? Amen. Are you in the word? Glory. Now, put her down in your mind now. Put down pull down the umbrellas and shake the rain off and open up your heart just a minute and listen. Remember the Bible said in Genesis, the first chapter we we read to base our thoughts for the day. And so did I. is very is every seed at this own kind of nail is down. It will have to bring forth after its kind. That's right. Every seed will have to bring. Remember the earth is full of seeds and that the rain makes it bring forth after its kind. Oh my God. I tell you, I wish you could have some faith and to believe that. Amen. Well, the Holy Ghost would break out all over the place in here. But see, condemnation breaks in there and that's what holds down the seed. Yes, si. Just get that thing off of you. Praise God. Be free for once in your life. Praise God. No matter what your daughter did, what your son or whatever, forget about it. Praise God. Between you and God anyway. So, you might as well might as well be free when you come in here. [Music] Amen. Page 56. [Applause] Amen. Glory to God. All right. Every seed must come forth at this kind. God made a man in his image after his kind to be his word on earth. He expressed it in Jesus Christ. What was God was in Christ. That's a man after his kind. See, when God, which is a word, how many know that he's a word? When the word was in Christ, a man, human man, expressing himself through him, that was God, the word in Christ expressing himself. And God in the beginning made man in his own image. Let us make man in our image. And Elohim said to the logos, let let us make man our image of theophony. Praise God. male and female made he them. Man and woman is one. They don't break that. It's God's law. Praise God. Don't break it. Let no man come between husband and wife. No man. No man, no woman, no man, God to judge that filthy thing like it was in the beginning, so shall it be an end. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. And God in the beginning made man in his own image. And that's the kind of man that God makes today. Amen. The seminary and the incubac incubator hatchery turns out a bunch of hybrids. See the schools. But when God calls a man, he's in his own image. The word made him alive in him. Now when God calls you out of lay out of put you up there in them rainbows, that's the kind he makes right on the chart. Call out to lay out a sea of brotherly kindness and put in the rainbows as a stone. That's the kind of man that God makes. Praise God. Right in front of you. See it? Open your open eyes. Praise God. Yes, sir. Amen. The word made alive in him. That's right. There he is. That's God's man. Man in his own image, in his very likeness. And Jesus said that he'll do the works that I do. So God made man in his own image after his kind. Now you're not going to get the dynamics first. Hallelujah. I felt them. Yes, sir. You're going to get character. Amen. You receive the Holy Ghost. Sure. At the bottom, but don't look for those great signs and wonders of miracles before you form character. Amen. Because the power without character is satanic. You don't want to go back to a and all of them again, do you? Bunch of drunkets and whoreongers. Praise God with signs, wonders, and miracles. Oh, we don't want that. That's why God brought this message here. They won't have that again. Every seed to be after his own kind. We have a bunch of Pentecostal mess. Praise God. Have a Jesus man, God man walking the streets in the 20th century. Praise God. Talking like God. Walking like God. Praise God. Looking like God. Doing like God. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. There he is. God's man may be seated, made in his own image, in his very likeness. And Jesus said that he'll do the works that I do. So God made man in his own image after his kind. His kind. What is his kind? He is the word. Then if a man denies God's word, how can he be in God's image? Just ask the question. Ask yourself, how can you be in God's image and deny God's word? See, no way. You see, uh when a word expresses is is expressed image of himself or he say it doesn't mean that expressed image of God. He said yes in his own image. is page 57 of his kind to be his express word on earth. Now Jesus was God's express word. Do you believe that? Then what are we to be sons of God too with the express word in the church carrying on? That's the mystical body of Christ carrying on the same work that Jesus did when he was here on earth. See that's the kind after his kind. Let Joseph perfection seed come forth after his kind which is a Jesus man. Perfect type of Christ for the last days. Hallelujah. Now this is going to be I said in the beginning if you remember a seven thunder seed revival. That's what I said in the beginning and up in Canada for September and October. And here's finished. Praise God. And something has happened and something's going to come forth and you're going to pray and water going to come down your cheeks and bathe you down with revelation that you going to be after his kind. Amen. Brother Marcel and this room won't be big enough for the power. Amen. Brother Marcel said that when he got baptized with the Holy Ghost, there was not enough room for the power of God in that came into him. He needed more room. He needed a whole open field. Praise God to run around somewhere. The glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. You may be seated. Now you can have the luin kind after loofing kind. The Methodist kind after the Methodist, the Catholic kind after Catholic, the Pentecostal kind after its kind, the oneness after its, the trinitarian after its. But if you're God's kind, that's different. See, you are the expressed image of the word, making itself manifest. Oh my, why? It's got to. If watch, if the water falls on it, it's got to do it. Amen. Yes, Siri is going to do it. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, Siri. It'll do it. Amen. Praise God. So now, let Joseph perfection seed come forth after his kind. How? By the transforming power of the capstone of love. And let all the other seeds to come forth after their own kind. Amen. Now, oh my uh why it's got to if the water falls on it, it's got to do it. Now, you want to start a church and we're starting one here. I'm talking about a church of the body of Christ in there. I'm talking about Amen. I ain't talking about this whole three kind of believers that's been around here for all these years. I'm talking about a church. We're talking about the word. It's the word season. There's going to be a bride come out of here. Praise God. Amen. Right out of here. A paradox right here in Sodom. Praise God. Paradox. [Music] Yes, sir. Now, page 29 and 30. But if you want to uh uh if if you want a church, start with the word of God. And we started here with the word of God in August here. A little new season. And we're going to have a church. If you want a life of God, start with the word of God. Accept the word of God in its fullness, every measure of it. Then that's and that is the fullness of God in you. Then the rain that's falling will produce exactly what's in your garden. Then now where's your latter rain coming up at? Then the works will be manifested in him are the same. For it is the same seed word of God. God's son was the example seed and and what his life was when the spirit poured upon him after his baptism. Remember he returned in power. Well then that's the way your life is going to be. My God. And he was the example seed. And Malachi and the the early bride was example church. And Paul was another example. And Malachi 4 was the last the 20th century example seed. And it's coming forth some more example seeds from this room tonight. Oh hallelujah. And now watch. and what his life was when the spirit poured upon him after his baptism and the Holy Ghost come upon him. The very life that he produced, will that same watering spirit of the Holy Ghost which is the Holy Ghost is going to water now. Oh, and when the life of that Holy Spirit waters, that word with the life in it is going to transform. And when you what you're going to see is the same light that's in the gospels. That's what you will see. I know it's far beyond your intellect, brother. But brother, believe it by faith. Yes, sir. Aspire to it. Be inspired by it. I want to be like Jesus. That same watering spirit. Did you catch that? Not the portion watering the water of Luther. Not the water of Wesley, not the water of the Pentecostals, but the water of the Holy Ghost and rainbows. [Music] That water, Amen, that's in there will pour upon that whole seed cuz the whole entire seed is in you. Oh my God. Yes, sir. Amen. Watering spirit of the Holy Ghost will bring forth the same kind of life doing the same thing that he did. If it's the same seed, son of God seed will bring forth the son of God seed. Now, shame on you women with bobbed hair. Shame on you preachers denying that the truth. Say, "That's all right. Your hair has nothing to do with it." But God said it did. See, see where these guys a million miles off. Page page 32. When Now watch. When God and his word becomes one, hallelujah. Now watch. That's when God spirit waters the seed of God. Brother Coleman, is that what you're trying to do? I've been trying to get to the top of that foundation with Joseph so that we can can become one with a revelation of Joseph perfection. And when we can get this church up on Joseph and not coexist with Jacob, then God's word becomes one. And that's when the water waters the sea. And that's why I'm preaching this message tonight. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. That's when that's what I'm waiting on. Amen. Praise God. I'll say it again. When God and his word becomes one, hallelujah. That's when God's spirit waters the seed of God. The word of God. It produces God. It's not the individual. It's God. For what? Now watch. Let's go back to last week. You are dead. You are not yourself no more. See why I brought it in? You reckon yourself dead, hollowed out, waiting for the seed germ. And don't forget the water is in the sea. This is a dry word. And Jesus descended with the germ in the water in the shout and poured water up on his entire Bible. This Bible grammatized and came alive. Because the seed germ descended from heaven with a shout and a voice of the archangel. Will the voice of the archangel be the water? [Applause] And you already one with Joseph perfection praise God and the voice of the archangel spouse that water out there. The watering spirit will go with you everywhere. St. Mark 16:20. And the Lord went with them everywhere confirming the word. Got to be the word. The word. The word. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. You see the death of a corner wheat. May be seated. Hollowed out. Nothing in you. Nothing in your mind. Not suspicious about nothing about the deacon, the pastor. No suspicion. This didn't shake my hand and this one didn't do that. Holl it out. Dead. Dead to that filth. Don't bring that filth in here. Praise God. Dead to it. Sister so and so and brother so and so. Dead to that. You in a way the one. So what if they said it? So what if they did it? The Lord God giveth and the Lord God taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Sayeth Job. The Lord God took your son out, made him a drug. Let him be a drug addict. The Lord God, let him be a drunken. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. And when you say amen, then God will bless your home. Praise not before. Not before, not before. So stop brooding about your daughter, about your son, your son, or whatever, or he'll make the last one worse than all of them. And you watch that judgment. Praise God. So you might as well tonight make up your mind. Praise God. Is finished with. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. Oh, hallelujah. You may be seated. It's is that then what uh then uh Amen. We're waiting for the seed germ. Then what is what is it? It isn't you no more. It isn't the man. It's God in the man. Is the seed germ like beginning spoken word. God's word made manifest in the man. Then it isn't the man. It's the man that died. He died down there in faith. Dead. Praise God. Holy Ghost come in there. He's rotten. Rotten, rotten to his this and rotten to this, rotten out to everything. And when that man gets up to the top, he is dead. And the Holy Spirit goes to the father says, "This man's dead here." He says, "Uh, uh, put the blood back in there. Put the blood of faith and the blood of of Irene and the blood of of Martin. Blood of Put the Amen. He's been inbalmed. Praise God. Amen. Put the blood in there. Then the love of God comes over that man and there's a perfect man. The blood of Jesus comes in there. The transfusion too. Praise God. Hallelujah. Maybe see that man died. He can't be hybrid and son of God at the same time. He either a son of death or a son of life. So if he's a son of death, get it over over to the devil and let him kill him. That's what I say. Stop brooding and trying to hold on to something. If if you're snitcher, praise God. Jam upside the wall somewhere. Shut up, little boy. Amen. Stop disrespecting your elders in this house here. Straighten your house out. Praise God. Speak to your sons or whatever. Amen. Don't be afraid of them. I know the Bible prophesied that they would be your rulers, but you can change that [Applause] by being a man of God. Cuz you have another scripture tell you to be the man in your house. Amen. The last days the the the the children would be the rulers. Amen. May be seated. Oh, hallelujah. So if he's a son of death, get it over to the devil and let him kill. Get it over to God a minute and let him kill the devil that's in you. Praise God. Run him out. Hollows you out. Then let God plan his own life in you. Amen. There you are. See why you got to die. Get that devil out of you of criticism, everything else and gossip. Get them devils out of you. Praise God. Amen, brother Lance Lee. Yes, sir. Kill it. Amen. Give it over to God and let and let him kill the devil that's in you. Run him out. Hollows you out. Then let God plan his own life in you. Then it's not you no more. It's God's life because it's God's word. Watered by the Holy Spirit will produce the same thing. You see it? I just love to preach on that a few minutes. My my my You had enough. Huh? Are you soaking it up? Praise God. Well, amen. There will be a manifestation of the God's seed after his own kind. Let Joseph perfection come forth after his own kind. Amen. On seed of discrepancy. Praise God. I'm just laying my seeds out here cuz see, I know what's going to happen. The rain's going to fall, brother. Amen. There's going to be a church here. I don't care what the unbeliever is saying. Hallelujah. I can rest now. I know I can rest now because I got to Joseph affection on the top of that uh uh platform there. Amen. Amen. Page five. And he said the seed of God, the word of God, Jesus said in a certain place that that the word is a seed and every seed will bring forth of its kind. Now, if the Christian, the children of God, the children of the kingdom has become the seed of God. See what I'm trying to tell you? When you hit that jose of affection, what do you become? The seed of God. Yeah. I mean you come up through the mess you got a revelation that brother Brand said the fourth light the word and the word is a seed is Joseph perfection and you have a revelation that's you then you become a seed the word for this age then when you become one then the water falls upon you praise God not all this whimpering and why is God doing this and why is God doing that and crying little babies. My God, forget about it. God ain't going to do nothing in your life until you become the word. Until you accept your temptations and your trials that you have tonight. Accept every trial that you have tonight. And then you're on your way. [Music] [Applause] Amen. And if I tell you if you lose one daughter and I come and tell you what to do with the second daughter and you don't do it, then you lose the second daughter. That's right. But you can change that tonight if you want to. I already told you not to do that. Cuz I'm by discernment telling it to you. But I ain't going to tell you that I got discernment. I'm just going to speak to you cuz you should know I got it. Therefore, you should trust me. And if you don't trust me, you don't get nothing. Nothing. Know it's kind of strong, but that's what he said. That's what what the prophet said anyway. Spoken word original written seed book two is in there. He said the you can only live by the way the word is interpreted to you by the man of God on earth. Okay, here we are. Now if the Christian the children of God to the children of the kingdom has become the seed of God then they must be the word of God the word of God manifested Joseph perfection see the age that they are living in for the promised seed of that age God gave his word at the beginning and each age has had its seed its time its promises that's why I've been preaching this here for all these years oh my you get I want to cut off here. I'm tired. The word is a seed and every seed will bring forth his kind. And if the children of the kingdom has become the seed of God, then they must be the word of God. The word of God manifested in the age that they are living in for the promised seed of that age. And Malachi 4 said Luther, Wesley, Pentecostals, and Joseph affection. And Luther was justification. Wesley was sanctification. Pentecostals the Holy Spirit in the gifts. And Joseph affection is what? The capstone word. And we become the capstone which is Joseph perfection the word. We make up the capstone. Do you understand that? The Lord himself descended with a shout, the bread and the prophet laid it out. All the mysteries here said that's the word. And you accept all of it. You become what? The word. And there's nowhere else to go but the capstone. [Applause] And the word comes first, then the spirit comes behind it. Then I just read it. Joseph perfection capstone word. This is the age of Joseph affection. And there's got to be a manifestation of the seed word Joseph affection. And each age has had its seed, its time, his promises. And God said our age, Malachi 4, St. Louis 17:30, Revelation 10, St. John 14:12. in the bride age. Omega. Huh? Is that right? Omega. Restoration of the original bride tree. And the people of that age that manifest that promised word is the seed of the age. So you don't have to go around showing off who you are and whatever. You're going to manifest it. Oh, say nothing just flows out of you. It flows like a river. Praise God. I think I'm a baritone or something. You know what I mean? My God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. Amen, brother Joey. I might get in your choir, brother Paul. Amen. Praise God. Amen. The seed of age. Let every seed come forth after his own kind. They are the children of the kingdom. That's right. The manifestation of the Holy Spirit, Holy Ghost itself operating through his children is those seed of the kingdom at that age. So it don't matter, brother Lashley. How many in Trinidad say they in the message is when the Holy Ghost itself picks some seeds in Trinidad and pull them out and begin to do signs and wonders and miracles through that is the children of the kingdom in Trinidad. in America, in Canada, in Africa, South Africa, across the world. That's the seed of God. Not what they say. Praise God. Hallelujah. That's why I ain't never cared what they said. Praise God. Having a revelation at the end, what was coming forth. Amen. Amen, brother Marcel. Hallelujah. Did you get that there? The manifestation of the Holy Spirit is the angel. He was the angel that come down with the revelation of somehow compassion. That's right. That wasn't Joe Cole. That was the angel. Down in Georgia and by the grace of God, we're going back to Georgia next summer. Brother Larry Brown, I forgot to tell you, he wants to give a meeting and getting the the Hilton Hotel in Mon already for next July 5th, 6th and 7th, 17th year to finish. Going back into victory. Hallelujah. You want to go back to Georgia? Well, brother, I feel like Sherman. I'm marching on Georgia. Praise God. Amen. I ain't come with no Sherman tank either, brother. I'm coming down with a Holy Ghost power. Yay! Hallelujah. Glory. You may be seated. Yes, sir. The manifestation, see, that was a manifestation of the Holy Spirit was the angel that dropped down in 74 trying to get the people back to the word. Why? Because he can only bless the word. So don't get mad at me [Applause] trying to get you a blessing. Can't bless with your feelings, what you what you think would be right. I know it's hard. You can't understand me. I know that I can take all that. But I know also that he will only bless his word. Regardless of what you say, what you feel. Amen. And what are we uh what age are we in? Joseph perfection. Oh, amen. Every seed will come to a plant or harvest. Every seed will come to a possession or a manifestation. Faith will come to charity. Seed will come to fruit. Praise God. Yes, sir. The pride will come to Joseph affection manifested. How? By his transforming power. Praise God. Glory. Yes sir. Amen. 2 Corinthians 3:18. I got it. But we all with open face, beholding as in a glance the glory of the Lord or changed into the same image from glory from faith from glory to virtue, from glory to glory to glory to glory to glory. Hallelujah. That's how you changed. And the life is in the seed. And my God, this the life of the spirit coming into you connects and transforms that seat up to the next step. See how it's done. But don't forget now charity will be here disguised in this church as virtue powerful service. The same kind of virtue that went out of Jesus. Hallelujah. That and they reach for his coat and virtue flowed out. That was the Holy Ghost. That's the life example seed that would be in the church and they won't know what's going on. They'll be climbing, climbing, climbing, climbing, climbing Jacob's ladder. Hallelujah. Getting near that boycott. Getting near the persecution. And when you get to the top, there'll be adopted sons to create. Praise God. Speak the word. Say you can't stop this. Here's a revelation that's flowing on and on and on and on and on. So don't get filled up tonight. There's more to come. Praise God. Glory. [Applause] So we behold as in a mirror you're changed from glory to glory and there's the glory there and when the life in the word meets the life of the spirit coming in it produces whatever the seed is what what you talking about the Holy Ghost itself on the top amen comes down with little rays coming down through there ohoo quickening power praise God hey the rays are coming all transforming power coming all through you get quicken oh glory Hey, I couldn't move this hip and it got quickened. Amen. Praise God. Yes, sir. Amen. That's what I'm talking about. I I don't know why I'm I'm shouting. I don't feel like shouting. That's transforming power. Praise God. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. See the discrepancy. Page 21. I'm going to finish off here. I got this far. I'm surprised. Amen. Yes, sir. Almost finished. And this um page 21. Now can't you see that the Bible is exactly the word of God? He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. We become watch tabernacles of that Holy Spirit which is Christ. See that's the real seed. Then if that real Holy Ghost them rainbows, Amen. That real Holy Ghost gets into the real seed of the word down there in faith. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. That's right. It just won't take part of it. See, because the devil uses that. Oh, the devil uses 99 and 9/10 of this message. You got to take the whole thing. Yes, sir. Amen. You got to take it all. See, every word of because he's not half God. He's all God. And that's what takes place. Oh, praise God. We become t. It'll transform you. Gets in that real seed born again of the word. Then then if that real Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost itself gets in that real seed born again of the word, it'll transform you. Be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Let your imagination be renewed. Your your your conscience, your reason, your affection, the whole your whole spirit renewed. Just changed. Amen. gone. Evil thoughts gone. Glory. See, but it must be a real seed in the right age in the right time. Amen. That's and that's why I say let Joseph perfection seed come forth after its kind, after his kind by the transforming power of the capstone of love, thereby conforming ourselves to the image of Christ. Every seed after his own kind with the potentials and the power in it to be what God wants it to be. How do we conform ourselves to the image of Jesus Christ? And where does the transforming power come from in these last days? Praise God. Question. How will the bride be conformed into the image of Jesus Christ with all this darkness and unbelief and demon powers upon the earth? A Malachi 4 says God will restore all things back by the same transforming power. Yes, he will. That can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. a beautiful bride by God's transforming power. We find out how it's done. It's on the statue of a perfect man. There's that's how it's done right there. Praise God. Now, in this last great step of Joseph, perfection must come into perfection. And that Holy Spirit has to live in that church right there. See, so perfectly it'll make the head and the body unite together. What will that produce again? on God's provided place of worship in California. Page 25, the church will come through justification through Luther, sanctification through Wesley, through the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the Pentecostals and now watch and go right on into the perfection of the son of man which I just recently preached on that when husband and wife will be the same self persons and God will be so manifested see his bride his church till they will both be the same and that will be the seed of the age. children of the kingdom. She will be married. She will have on the wedding garment. Let us be glad and rejoice. We've been called to the wedding supper. Oh, hallelujah. Called to the resurrection. She'll have on the rainbow coat. Hallelujah. Glory. Both be the same now. See where you at. The prophet, see where you at. Amen. See church is the word made flesh again. Now made flesh. When the word becomes flesh, it becomes manifested. Like take the word and put it in the right position. The right kind of ground. It'll bring forth. The seed will bring forth after its kind. And the word brought into the right kind of a heart. It'll manifest itself. It'll bring forth the light. It'll break forth upon it. And you bring into the right ground. Sea of Joseph perfection, light don't break forth upon you. Praise God. Oh my. God said, "Let there be light." And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And when God sends light, it scatters the darkness. So God Elohim spoke through Malachi 4 and said in and for our day, let Joseph affect your seed come forth after his kind. Yes sir. When that light breaks out here in this message, praise. Watch the all darkness scatter to the other side. Signs, wonders, and miracles. Jesus in that pride, the children of the kingdom manifested for that age, the seed of that age in the message. Praise God. How come against that? Praise God. Manifested. And the manifestation of Joseph affection will certainly scatter the darkness as light did in the beginning in Genesis. Once again after Malachi 4 planted his seeds in the bride. Oh hallelujah. Catch me now. Catch me. Malachi 4 planted his seeds in the bride. And everything seems to be without form without it seem to be void. Nothing is nothing. Praise God. And darkness is upon the earth and gross darkness is upon the people. Is this correct in the message? Like nothing is nothing. I don't feel nothing. But the prophet said this shall be light in the evening time. I don't care how you feel. I don't care what you say. I praise God. I feel like a caner. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. All right. Now, here's where we are. You may be seated on the fourth seal of page 292. I was talking to a person not long ago. He was trying to discuss to me and saying, "Aren't you ashamed to say that God created the heavens and earth in six days?" I said, "That's what the Bible said." He said, "Well, we got evidence can prove that the world is millions of years old." I said, "That didn't have nothing to do with it. In Genesis 1:1, it said in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth." Period. Now, the world was without form and void. And I said, I believe every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something. And as soon as the water lifted off and the light struck it, up come the trees. Hallelujah. And everything come up. Hallelujah. The mist rolled away. Oh, hallelujah. And right now this misty all over you and chaos and void and without form and praise God the same voice of the archangel is going to speak and the mist is going to roll away and hallelujah. Oh God, brother Junior, I can hardly strike it. And when I know, hallelujah, up come the trees and everything else. Then the same, you may be seated. The same thing with the human being. It's a time when all the mist is moved away and revealed truth to that real seed laying there still geratized and the light of the gospel can strike it. By true vindication of the word, it'll live. It's got life in it. Outside of that, it can't live. It's got no life in it. Them names was put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world will come forth just as certain as anything. That's why Jesus sits right there and waits with his mediatory work until that last seed. He'll know exactly when to strike. He knows in here when there's strength. You may be on your knees. Praise God. And feel nothing around you, but you're praying, "Lord, I got to be still." Hallelujah. Lord, all this chaos and the the world's without form and void and rumors and rumors of wars and all these things going on here. Lord God, I got to be sealed and suddenly he'll strike. Praise God. in the glory of God, praise God, will come into your heart. You'll see a white light come into you. Praise God. You'll scream. Praise God. Hallelujah. May happen to you tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Are you understanding? Did you catch what I said? Even though the bride is in her condition and everything seems to be a complete chaos tonight, I hear the prophet say, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." Hallelujah. I don't care how dark it is in the message tonight. I don't care if there's not one sign, not one healing, nobody getting saved. I don't care without form, without void, chaos, filth, misled spirits, ungodliness. Hallelujah. Let there be light. Let Joseph perfection seed come forth after its kind. How? By the transforming power of the capstone of love. Let that come forth. Praise God. Lord God, let me hear of the report. This one is sealed and that one is sealed. This one is healed. And that going on while I'm sitting there resting. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. I heard a prophecy. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. So therefore, I believe today that this bride can be transformed by the spirit of God moving upon the face of the bride and change her, make her different from what she is, by the transforming power of the capstone of love, thereby conforming her to the express image of Jesus Christ. Oh, do you believe that? Be encouraged. It's going to happen. Praise God. All right, let's strike our title now and go home. Praise God. may be seated. Let's strike our title and see how God will change the bride for this hour. By the transforming power of the capstone of love, which is the Holy Spirit himself, the spirit of God. Statue of a perfect man. I'm finished. Oh my my my. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, Statue of a Perfect Man on page six. Now, we are approaching a seven seals. We just finished the seven church ages. And this is a message. Here it is here on teaching that ties the man that's going to be redeemed by the blood of the Lord Jesus. And is going to be in that church age, that eternal church age at the end of the seals. Hallelujah. You want to be in that church age? We'll climb that ladder. Yes, sir. Okay, now we know we in the evening time. Praise God. And we're going to finish it off here. So, now we're talking. Now, remember, we want we we want to be in that eternal church age. Now, remember two things here about Joseph affection. Uh, number one, Joseph affection set on the top part of the foundation. You got that? Okay. And and then that's where you build or set the monument. And the monument is up there in them seven rainbows. You got it, huh? See, because the red from Paul comes right back up from the top of brotherly kindness as red, the first rainbow. Amen. So there's your faith again. Amen. But it comes on top of Joseph perfection, the word for this age, the capstone. Oh, praise God. Now, we're going to build or set the monument, the masterpiece. Is that correct? Okay. Statue of perfect man, page 47. Now in building the virtue, building this monument. Huh? Okay. Building this monument. Building this statue. See it starts off and the foundation is on faith. Virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. Now what does it do? Then they're waiting for the headstone which is love. For God is love. And he controls. And he is the strength of every one of these things. That's that transforming power. Oh my God. The strength from God. It's going to change you. Oh, yes, sir. He controls and he's the strength of every one of these. Yes, sir. Right in here. Right in here. See, I got uh in between these works in here. He's got it all on the one he had. I saw it years ago here. These little waves. He had little waves coming down. See what is that? The Holy Ghost coming down through Christ. Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is above all this. Now, he's right there in that little slot. See, the Holy Spirit is above all this, welding this together, building a what? A perfect church for the capstone that's on the top. Love L O V E to cap off. Of course, you know that one is um well, we put it this way for you understand it. Love the capstone that is the heavenly uh uh uh Jesus Christ. Okay? And then the rainbows in there, that's the earthly Jesus Christ, Mrs. Jesus Christ. Okay. Then the camp comes to Mrs. Jesus Christ and they are united the body with the spirit because you came out of him at Calvary [Applause] and you come back to him to hit. Glory. Praise God. The Alavansa the Holy Spirit is above all this welding us together building a what? A perfect church for the capstone to camp off. What's it been doing again? Is manifested through seven church agents and seven church messengers. You remember the bride tree? You remember the the the sermon on the bride tree? They eat it down and they pruned it. It would got denominational branches. He pruned them off. They raised up another church denomination branches. He pruned it off. But the heart of the tree kept growing. Now watch. In the evening time it shall be light. Now there was no light in Pentecost. Now you know that right in Leodysia. Brother Bram said there was nothing. How many knows that? On the seven church ages when God showed it to him, there was only six little pieces of light. But in the seventh age, it was total darkness. And Malachi 4 himself by inspiration drew a little piece of light. And that's the bride that will come out of there. That's why you have got to believe that messenger. That's the light. Oh yes sir. Yeah. Now in the evening time it shall be light. That's the light. The Lord himself descending with the light. That's the light that he put in dark lay out of sea. That's the Lord himself. He does all three. Amen. So ain't no men or man or nothing. It's the Lord in the prophet. It's the Lord in the bride. It's the Lord in the whole bride. Shout, voice, jump. Hallelujah. Getting ready for the rapture. Hallelujah. Looking around. Where's mama? Where's papa? Getting everybody together. We're going to take Oh, hallelujah. What a glorious time it's going to be. Yes, sir. Oh, mother eagle going to jump down with a great eagle. Pray wings spread out there and tell you get up on my wing and hook into a promise. Praise God. Hook in that into that uh into that wing there. That eagle, that feather on the wing. Praise God. What a bomb shelter we got. Praise God. Can't no H bomb even touch you. Praise God. The eagle is our bomb shelter. 1 Thessalonians 4:16 is the bomb shelter. And we run into a strong tower and we are safe. Let the mountains fall away. Let the earthquakes go. Praise God. But we are safe in Christ by the transforming power of the capstone of love. Let Joseph perfection seed come forth after his kind express image of Jesus Christ. Glory. May be seated. Praise God. Amen. In the evening time it shall be light. That's when comes Christ. Now watch. That's when comes Christ. The Holy Spirit. Where where's it at? In the rainbows. Jesus comes down one Thessalonians 4:16 as a shout. See? Comes down and sets himself at the head of the church. Where is he at? At the head. And he's still up in the heavens. That's that's the the cap. That's love. But he he himself, his spirit comes down. His person and he is seven rainbows, seven spirits, seven eyes, seven lamps, seven seven7 perfection. And he comes down and puts himself on top of brotherly kindness because he is the head of the church. Praise God. So he sets himself at the head of the church. Then he will resurrect this church being his own body. And in there's a body. And the way God is expecting us us as individuals to grow the way he brought his church in to grow. Every church here to become one big church. He brought his church up the same way he's bringing his people up. Then Peter here says first seven things I'm almost finished. Faith, virtue, see coming up. Knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly love, brotherly kindness, and then the love of God. The Holy Ghost. See from that slot, the Holy Ghost, Christ in the first son of the Holy Ghost, seven perfect spirits comes upon you in the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. And you got all these virtues sealed in you. Yes sir. Then God lives in a tabernacle called to build a live the living tabernacle to live in God's dwelling place. Hallelujah. Do you get it now? Now what does God do? Then you're waiting for the hero which is love of God and God is love and he controls. He is the strength. All of these things here. Oh my. The transforming power of the Holy Ghost. And now in the evening time he comes down here. Amen. Uh, see it shall be light in even times when Christ the Holy Spirit Jesus comes down and sets himself at the head of the church. 1 Thessalonians 4:16, the Lord descends and does all three himself. Brother Bram said on a rapture tape. Amen. A shout. Malachi 4's message of bread bringing going forth to gather the bride. Gathering the bride together. Well, I thought the seven thunders gather the bride together. He said the shout gather the bride together. It must be the same thing. I guess then praise God. Amen, brother Lashley. Same thing. The rapture says the the shout does it. And uh brother Ram said that the on under the seventh seal that the thunders gathers the bride together. Page 128. Huh. Then then is it thunders? The bread the shout or what? Praise God. My my my all kind of revelations. Huh? A shout. Malachi 4's bread message going forth to gather the bride. Voice of the archangel. What is that? I don't know. Trump of God last trumpet. Amen. The dead shall rise. Where we at? Oh, hallelujah. There. The Holy Spirit set between the capstone of love and brotherly kindness age. He sets the right here tonight. And Joseph affection just released him in here. [Applause] Yes sir. Then then he will resurrect this church being his own body after he gets this here. See? Add these seven verses. Then the love of God, the Holy Ghost, Christ and the person of the Holy Ghost comes upon you in a true baptism of the Holy Ghost. All these virtues seal in you. Then God lives in a tabernacle called a building living tabernacle living in God's dwelling place. Amen. Praise God. When a man possesses these kind of things, then the Holy Ghost comes upon him. Did you get it? When a man has faith and and and and and and uh virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience and God and brotherly kindness, then he says here, then the Holy Ghost which is between the capstone and brotherly kindness, then the Holy Ghost comes upon him. Hallelujah. Did you get it? Oh, got a lot of dying to do, huh? All the little weeping over nothing around here. Praise God. between you and God. No matter, you might speak with tongues. You might impersonate gifted God's got you. You might do that. But until these virtues here go into you, you're still off the real true foundation of faith. And when these virtues grow in and you've added that to that, then you are living monument. There's a monument. Praise. There's a masterpiece that set on top there. Praise. And Joseph is the top of the foundation. And put the monument right on top of the top of the foundation. Hallelujah. a masterpiece. Praise God. You can't break it. I I can't break it. You can't break it. Praise God. Can't nobody break it. You are living, moving idol. Praise God. When a man possesses these things, then the Holy Ghost comes upon him. Praise God. But when these virtues grow in, Amen. Praise God. You're living monument on the top of the Joseph Foundation in the holiest of holies. Hallelujah. You've gone beyond the ribbon veil. You passed the courtyard. Praise God, brother Paul. Amen. You're in the holiest holiest of holies. Amen. You praise God. But not know impersonation or not in some imaginary way. But when we not in imaginary way, but prostrate ourselves before a living God, a living virtue, a living knowledge, a living patience, a living godliness, a living power coming by the living God. You see, he's in the church. Do you understand what I'm saying? Huh? Church Joseph perfection releases the living God in the church, the Holy Ghost itself. You get it? Then you can then you have power to add these things. Then you have power to live, power to overcome. Who are yourself? Praise God. Not imaginary prostate ourselves before a living God, a living virtue, a living knowledge. Living a living patience, a living godliness, a living power coming by the living God. Holy Ghost itself makes a living man, a living image, the statue of God. Do you understand what I'm saying? Conform to the express image of Jesus Christ. This ain't no fantasy. This is your promise for the day. Get up out of there. Pray. This is your promise. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. That's the statue of God. You may be seated. What's he doing? The same thing that Jesus did. Walking the same way he walked. doing the same things he did because it's not an imaginary thing. You got no hope and soul. This reality proves it. See what I mean? See how these virtues, these billing materials typed in with the church messenger with the church ages. Now, one of these days, we're going to take each one of these words and study them out and show that it proves this. It all goes together. See, he never he didn't live past the time to do that. Yeah. But maybe some of these men can pick these things up and make more sense to it. Amen. Praise God and show that it proves it. It all goes together. See, sure how wonderful that is to sit to to see what it does. Now, that is the house that God dwells in. Not a building with a big bell on top of it and a high steeple, but a body has thou prepared you. Present your body a living sacrifice, which is only your reasonable service. You ain't doing no big deal. Amen. You ain't doing no big deal coming in here because you didn't fornicate or something and you didn't smoke and drink. What big deal are you doing? Praise God. Amen. Ain't no big deal because you you living after all um I'm doing all this for the Lord. You ain't doing nothing for the Lord. Praise God. God called you in here. Praise God. What are you doing for him? He is doing it in you. You better thank God he's letting you uh uh uh uh uh you using uh he is using your body. To do his work, we ain't doing nothing but surrendering. Amen. We ain't no big shots. A body has thou prepared me. A body that God can dwell in, God can walk in, God can see in. God can talk in. God can work in. Amen. Living instrumentality of God. God walking on two feet in you. Glory. The footsteps of the righteous is ordered of the Lord. God walking in you. For you are written epistles read of all men. And if the life that's in Christ be in you, you will bear the life that Christ bore. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise God. Amen. There's a perfect man of God uh musicians when he possesses these things. Now remember Jesus purpose in descending in one Thessalonians 4:16 the shout voice and trump to set himself at the head of the church. Number two, that's how he does it. That's number one. Put at the head of the church and then pour all these things into you, transform you into a perfect man. Number two, what for? Then he will resurrect his own church being his own body and that's the purpose. Hebrews 11:39 we pick it up on page 53. And these having all these all having obtained a good report through faith here good report all the ones in Hebrews there receive not the promise God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Amen. See now you get it. These people who died in here are depending and waiting on us. So this church age has got to come to perfection in order to bring the resurrection. Do you understand what you're living here for? Not just existing. But you're living here for a purpose. To be a perfect man on this earth to bring that resurrection up. Praise. That's what you're here for. Don't let nothing deter you. Nothing stop you. Praise God. Amen. to bring resurrection. They under souls under the altar waiting for this church to come to its perfection. But when Christ does come and this church you see is coming small in the minority is a whole lot sharper than that. But just like I right that cross there is see it's coming up to a needle point until the church in the minority has got to get into a place. Can't you see that the capstone cannot set even on brotherly kindness? Can you see it there? Cuz it be something left on the end. So you had to take it up a little bit further and drop the Holy Ghost in there. Seven rainbows to make a perfect fit. It won't set on Wesley. It's too wide. Do you see it? It will only set on them rainbows. It won't even set on brotherly kindness. Lay out a sea. What are they going to sit on that filthy thing for? Bunch of churches. Blind, wretched, miserable, poor He ain't sitting on there. He's pulled out a capstone. Yes, sir. Glory. You may be seated. You see it. But when Christ does come in, this church, you see it coming small in the minority. It's coming to a needle point through the church minority has got to get to a place until it's the same kind of a ministry that this left because when this headstone comes back, it's got a pocket here where it's going to sit right in there like on a regular pyramid. It it just isn't a cap that sits across the top. It's a little flange. It's got to sit on there because it sheds the waters. And when it comes, this church has got to be home. And there's your honing on seven rainbows. That's hone right in there. Them thunders is going to hone you in there. Praise God. And brother Andrew picked that up where I was saying hone, hone, hone. And he he's a machinist. And he wrote this here. He says reference to the honing out of the bride. Hone. Honing is a very important facet of the metal working industry. A specific procedure used for a a specific purpose. Honing is a final phase of of creating an internal uh uh diameter uh when both size and finish quality are of utmost importance. The first phase is drilling the hole, removing the bulk of the material quickly. Well, that's fire going right down into your soul, brother. Getting all that loose junk out of there. Praise God. Quickly. Praise God. Baptized with fire. Yes, sir. Get all the filth and junk out of there. Amen. And right in the hole. Amen. And removing only a tiny amount of material and achieving a very good finish and accuracy of size. Under average circumstances, these two phases are good enough for commercial work. Sometimes a supreme finish. and tight tolerances are required. This is when honing is performed. Special stones mounted on an arbor are spun inside and the bore in the presence of special oils. Amen. Removing minute amounts of material. The oil flushes out the specks of material and cleanses the pores of the stones. Oh, hallelujah. Send the oil, Lord. Send the honing. My God. What a honing. Huh? Glory. Mirror finishes. You can look like into into the mirror of his word. Mirror finishes and sizes within the the millionth of an inch can be obtained. Yes, sir. Now, he said something about that on uh he Yes, he did. Here over on adoption. Yes, sir. Page 104, I believe it was. Yes, sir. Now, he's speaking about the uh manifestation, waiting for the time, groaning for the time, the manifestation uh before the atonement was ever made, before the Holy Ghost ever poured out, before all the Old Testament on down, there couldn't have been manifestation. It had to wait till this time. Now all things has been brought coming shaping up to a headstone to a manifestation of sons of God coming back in the spirit of God coming into these man so perfectly a millionth. Amen. Until their ministry will be so close like Christ till it will join him and his church together and there's them rainbows is his ministry and then that unites with him. Amen. Do you understand? Finally, the ministry of Christ identified on the earth to unite with the headstone. That's what joins together. It can't join with brotherly kindness as to join with them rainbows. Amen. Page 106. Amen. You know, the pyramid never was capped. Was it? Never had a capstone put on it. They never couldn't even find it. They don't know what ever happened to it. Why? Why wasn't the capstone put on the headstone, the top of it? Because it was rejected when he come. He was a rejected stone. That's right. But but but but it will be capped. That's right. And then those stones, listen, that fit around that headstone. Will have to be stones that'll be so completely like that stone. You got to be home. [Applause] Oh, how that fit around that's pulled out of brotherly kindness and fitted fitted stones in Ephesians and fitted perfectly right into the headstone. Brother Jim, you may be the last one to be fitted right in there. Praise God. You came back for a purpose, brother. Yes, sir. God don't make no mistakes. Amen. When you going to sing for me? Soon. Praise God. Glory. Amen. Brother Jimmy's a singer, brother. Yes, sir. Amen. Those are the singing Griffin boys. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Join these stones. And then and then those stones that fit around that headstone will have to be stones that be so complete like that stone. It'll fit it joint everywhere. The pyramid is so perfect. You can't run a razor blade between them. where them stones go together such beautiful masonry. Some of them would weigh hundreds of tons up in the air and so perfectly set together. And can you imagine the bride in here so full of love we just right together and can't nobody can break us. The the devil can't phone up on you. Say brother Coleman did this and brother S and did that. Jones did this here. No. Right right together. You fit it right to like this here. Oh hallelujah. No more gossip. No more filth. No more fornication. No more adultery. No more nothing. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm making it right under right under the button here. I want to get under here about 2 hours and finish it off. Page 107. Now, notice then the coming of the Lord. Now, what's the coming of the Lord? 1 Thessalonians 4:16, right? The coming of the Lord Jesus is so close to at hand until this. Now, don't try to get all this now cuz I'm bringing this back. Amen. Just receive. And cuz your head is is water logged trying to hold it said. Amen. See, it's so close. But I got to put it on the tape. Amen. See, and uh at the hand until the spirit from way down in here, just barely justification, sanctification, baptism, Holy Spirit. And now see, right into the time of the coming of the headstone, they are again. The church has got to be so perfectly perfect perfectly like Christ until Christ in the And how in the world could you know what Christ is like unless the prophet brought the word to tell you what he's like. You couldn't know from Pentecost. Yeah, I say unto thee, this sister here, she has a lot of money she put in the church and she's like Jesus Christ. Praise God. What kind of nonsense is that? Hallelujah. I went to uh Shambach 1960. I was just saved. Went up there over in Manhattan and all a sudden I heard some some little boy say, "Yay, the Lord thy God shall bless you if you empty thy pockets tonight." I said, "I ain't empty my pocket tonight." Praise God. You crazy or what? God didn't tell me empty my pockets. Praise God. He told me to repent. Amen. And live a life. Praise God. He don't need my money. Yeah. Some some little guy about this big. He talking about empty thy pockets tonight. The Lord thy God shall bless thee. Praise. Forget about it, brother. I was so happy, brother. Oh, God. Uh, you know, you brothers in Pennsylvania, if they going to ask me to say something, brother John, you I didn't know what to say. You know, you know how it was down there in Pennsylvania yesterday. I said, if they call me, I got one minute. I walk up and say, "Well, God bless you, brother, host pastor, and whatever, brother Billy, and so forth." I said, "Yes, sir. 29 years ago, I staggered into the Bram Tabernacle in October." And I said, "Oh, I was a poor widow. I lost my husband and all I had left was just a a little barrel with a little bit of meal in it and a oil cruise with a little bit of oil. Then I heard the voice of the prophet, the thunder of the voice of the prophet, thus saith the Lord. And do you know what church here tonight told me yesterday, I'm still eating meal from the barrel. I'm still getting oil from the cruise because I heard thus sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. And the same God that brought forth Malachi 4 will bring forth Joseph perfection by the transforming power of the love of God. And you will be conformed to the image of Jesus Christ. Each and you be after that kind that walked the earth already. Praise God. God be praised. Hallelujah. Praise his wonderful name. Glory. Since you're standing, stand up for a while. Praise God. I'm finished. The church has got to be so perfectly like Christ until Christ and the church can unite together. The same spirit and there is the same spirit not a birth but the Holy Ghost itself. The same spirit and the spirit of Christ in you. It makes you live the life of Christ. Act the life of Christ. Do the works of Christ. He that believeth on me that works that I do shall do also. Jesus said that. Now we going to have we got a ministry coming that's just exactly like the life of Christ. And there it is. You see it? That's ministry coming is just exactly like the life of Christ. What does that ministry identify? The coming of the Lord. Well, if Malachi 4 identified the shout, what will you identify in the coming of the Lord? Are you going to jump ahead and identify the trump or you stay in your position where you belong, where the voice of the archangel is at? Amen. Well, praise God. I guess a few caught that one. Amen. It wasn't too many. Amen. Praise God. And when this when it comes, this church has got to be honed and these and the rest of these stones in the pyramid are laying so perfect in you can't run a raised bay between them. Nothing in between them. Nothing come between you and I. No more in the word age. See, cuz we know what to do from Hebrews and so forth to bust those spirits that nothing get in between us. All the tatlers and busy bodies and the sisters who call another sister instead of calling the ministry. Busted. Praise God. That second sister supposed to call the min. No sister, you call the ministry. I'm not a minister. Praise God. See, but flesh likes to be glorified sometime. Oh, yes. I I understand. Yeah, men are hard. Yeah, I know. They put you down. All that kind of stuff. Yeah. Mhm. Praise God. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. No, Jesus said, "I'm supposed to be your ruler." That's what God said anyway. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, how we get there, huh? My my my got to sit there because it sheds the waters. And when it comes, the church got to be home and the rest of these stone. That's right. Okay. Uh uh and how they got them up there, I don't know. But they were built and up here when the pyramid does camp does come the pyramid itself the body of Christ will have to be honed. See again not only just some creed doctrine how could brother Andrew bring it in here now. See I'm finished so perfectly like Christ till when he comes he in that ministry. See there is again we'll fit right smack together. Then we'll come the rapture and the going home. Oh friends we're here. Give us a key for I love him. I love him. Do you love him? Oh my God. Praise God. Yes, sir. My God. I hope you got it, friends. You want to be a fitted stone? How many want to be a fitted stone? Glory. Malachi 4 identified the shout in 1 Thessalonians 4:16. What will the bride identify? See, now we're going to have to We have got a ministry coming that's just exactly like the life of Christ. I wonder if it will identify the voice of the archangel. I don't know. I don't know. I just said it. But I do say let Joseph perfection seed come forth at this kind. And what does that ministry identify? One Thessalonians 4:16. Come to the Lord. They are church of perfect bride. Praise God. Will the bride identify the voice of the archangel? In the 1 Thessalonians 4:16, the coming of the Lord, I don't know, just a question. But I say to you, present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is a good, acceptable, perfect will of God. The statue of a perfect man is the only thing that God will accept in this rapture hour. So we are transformed, changed by the transforming power of the capstone of love, thereby conforming ourselves to be the express image of Jesus Christ. Remember how it's done. Second Peter 1:4-8, the statue of a perfect man. Page 65 here, it's a last quote. Add to your faith virtue. Add to your virtue knowledge to your knowledge temperance to your temperance. patience to your patience godliness to your godliness brotherly love to your brotherly love the Holy Spirit I think you all understand it now and Christ will come the Holy Spirit comes first and then Christ comes because just beneath him the Holy Spirit beneath him is the spirit of Christ into the churches see Christ the baptism went into Ephesus amener and Pergamus and so forth each went in there spirit of Christ, but he's beneath the Holy Spirit. He This is I'm talking about one uh Corinthians 12:13. By one spirit, we all baptized into one body. That was beneath the Holy Spirit itself. You see right in front of you, huh? And Christ will come because just beneath him, the Holy Spirit is the spirit of Jesus Christ into the church to manifest those virtues. I love him. Glory. I love him because [Music] he [Music]
