################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-03-02 - Ask What You Will - Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-03-02
Title:   Ask What You Will
Speaker: Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGug_a-TlGI
========================================

Description:
Bro. Coleman
March 2, 1975
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
inspiration picking up his songs and everything. Praise his name. Just remember in prayer as we go to prayer spoken [Music] this church sister cemetery she cancer [Music] [Music] I She has open as we [Music] gracious Lord. We feel your sweet divine presence here Lord. We are conscious of another person or being a supernatural being is in our mind as we feel presence honor and glory to me. We praise you. We thank you father for eternal life. We thank you for our promise and hope beyond grades Christ as a sacrifice. Remember the prayer of the cross unspoken and knowing he was bleeding from the mouth and the nose. something in his body or something whatever it is father may come down and this morning he speak father and honor this unspoken request tell about sister cemetery and sister father's church and preaching the holy decency brings down Lord this morning here my sisters in the name of Jesus Christ in the name of Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and now in a great way is So I very outstanding Sunday. Here we are here again. Oh, you know that thous you want to say you want to say the city of those that are broken heart of the elected one or to eternal life Mario language to us Spanish or whatever languages here will hear what we say in English today [Music] we everywhere Lord God, you have all the spirits in here. Speak to your people today. Give us Lord Father signs, wonders, and miracles. We pray the Holy Spirit to the people's heart of the Holy Ghost. So we pray father we ask in Jesus name we say amen seated to meet you this morning to see them from two this morning and we also have sister here somewhere somewhere. God bless you. And she's here under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Because God told her to come here was a great testimony with her. So the Holy Spirit wants to bring it out this morning. We just wait on the Lord. this morning in here. I didn't know what to put in there and I kept it. I thought maybe stones I was teaching the stones to the camp to me. Yeah. Heat. What we want to testify to this morning is the presence of Joseph here is here to come down the Yeah. Yeah. I understand showing you the signs. He's here. He's here now. The light has appeared. He's here now. Praise God. Before I go any further, let us um tonight we have an announcement. Uh get back here at 6:30 for the service to do [Music] that. I feel that my choice is so reasoning [Music] the message more direct. So about 2 hours a See the presence of the Holy Spirit is here. Now we don't know what to do that present. Heat. Heat. something maybe [Music] just right now again. God knows what he's doing. Praise the Lord. I want to read in St. John the 15th chapter verse 7 versur Hebrews 2 1-4 John 4th chapter 4 verse [Music] read John the 15th chapter verse 7. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will. It shall be done unto you. Here is my father glorify that you bear much fruit. So shall ye be my disciples. in the Hebrew verse 7. Therefore, we ought to give the mortals heed to the things which we have heard, less at any time we should let them s for the words by angels were steadfast in every transgression and disobedience receive a just recogn Lord, how shall we escape if we regret so great salvation first began to be spoken by the Lord and was confirmed to us by them? God also bear with them witness the signs and wonders and marvelous miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will John the 4th chapter 4 verse you are God Amen. See who we have overcome because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. That's where my inspiration lies on the great I am the only one that is in us. Yeah. realiz all the time world message today reality This time what new part number two number one was preached on June 20th 1973 this message here I was asking God to heal my wife at the time and I was sitting there on message for today was supposed to come because he couldn't Heat. Heat. I wanted to pass over this part. So this is part two. Hello. Seek down in Georgia. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. You know, you don't know that the century and so forth. The greatest respons We praise God to see everybody here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. makes it so easy. here yesterday all day yesterday. Now this is the final location of this pyramid here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. down here. Now you see the sun to take out the brothers here. is holding the two tables of two of the reaches in the seven years. Heat. Heat. Praise God. The last Sunday where the almighty God come the church and seal the world in seal. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So therefore the president he as before church told you before. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Therefore, we thank God that the Holy Spirit here themselves and they travel here with nothing just about See now here the captain here was the cast was Christ said the spirit of Christ into the church to manifest the virtual for years until I rebu [Music] Revelation is real. spoken word spoken Messiah Jesus Christ. [Music] present. Heat. Heat. Sirious heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We have Christ walking with us. We have Christ walking with us. Yeah. Heat. And then afterwards power of the word Power see you see as perfect. trying to get your power. We have a power on the face. Jesus power to use the power to see the Holy Spirit is here. He said the power power. But you haven't got that here. I got I know my Heat. Heat. See the power to the same thing in the show. That's what it takes perfectly to ignite the power of the Holy Spirit which we have Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. power to you. Say something. Yeah. Heat. This is heat. Heat. Heat. The Holy Spirit is the Holy Spirit. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Knowledge. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. So you got in there [Music] as Everything turn away [Music] the Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I give you an Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You see always together right now with joy and sh Yeah. Heat. The truth is the revelation is revealed. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What is it? What is it? What is it? So many questions. Questions. Questions. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's right. Yes sir. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. The train [Music] was here for our purpose. purpose now. So the world is coming back to you. I want you to see what he said. He would make a way to redeem her back to the word again. All right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I don't know you now. Yeah. The Holy Spirit is waiting for us now. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. caught up in heavenly places where everything is just white. I had that three times. I got to have it the fourth time. Oh, praise. I I I I just one time I was in a Pentecostal church and I recently come in there and away I went down off and down shouting and praising God. Amen. I want that again. You may say, "Well, P, I don't care what you call it. the Pentecostal experience, brother. You call it what you want to call it. I'm like, David, I see the ark coming down the road. And when David saw the ark coming up the road, he began to shout as loud as he could. He shouted, he praised God. His old dead wife, Micah, old denominational wife, she got mad because he was shouting and praising God. He said, "Woman, if you think this is something, you wait till I get a refund again. You ain't seen nothing." Praise God. Amen. That's your mouth. And God put a judgment up on her, too. Amen. See, her right there. So, look out now. Amen. See, don't the church woman says, "Is he the same? Can he heal the sick this morning?" That's a church. See, I mean, will he baptize? That's a church. But that brought out tasted of the new wine, I'm in the spirit. I know he's going to do anything he said he would do in his word. The revelator, the new wine is here to reveal it to me. Oh, what's it all about? It's the Holy Spirit in New York City as a secret service agent. Before we get to Fort Wayne, the agent is here. You know all about it, don't you? First the angel breaks the thunderstorm, then he comes back around to prove it. Hebrews 13:8. Remember now, no matter what happens in here in New York and before anything else happens is for a sign of perfection. The rainbow coat must be here. Joseph must wear it. You understand now? Oh, I can say a lot of things there, but I guess you got it. I couldn't see. It's not just for one Joseph. It's for Joseph the bride in New York City. Oh, now we got a wonderful right away. It's for him. No, it's for you. Amen. See, praise God. No more substitutes now. Amen. Because don't lick off of me. Just lick off yourself. Amen. There's nothing for you to lick too. Amen. Praise the Lord. Everybody here. Praise God. Yes, sir. Now, New York City, I want to read something back to you. See, I'm doing this one. So, you know exactly what is going on here. I just don't know how to bring this out. But remember when I had read from up on the whole armor of God back here in the fall. Now, I believe it's more real to you now. Huh? So, if I read something for you again, uh from the tape of of the whole arm of God, Santa Maria 7162, what is it? God makes himself ever present in his own army. God on the day of Pentecost sent down the full armor of God for his army. We ain't going nowhereless we have the full armor of God. He wouldn't do that unless he I mean he comes to go in us that was himself among you. Yet in a while the world see me no more. How do you think they're going to see him in those worldly churches? Amen. But they won't see him. Amen. I'll be where two or three are gathered in my midst are they? Yet the while the world seeth me no more yet ye shall see me because I will be with you even in you until the end of the world. Hebrews 12. See? Okay. Now the world but there are substitute churches. Just let them go in there and begin to preach his word that they throw him out. Any denominational church will not take Acts 30 Acts 238. They don't want healing. They don't want signs. They don't want that. No. They don't want screaming and shouting. Amen. No. They don't. That's the word. They rather have a substitute. Just try by the spirit. Try the spirit by the word, brother. See? Amen. Now, he is with us and in us. This is the armor, the word. And he is the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit is in us, which is the word making the promise manifest. Oh, there he is. He comes down to make these promises manifest by new wine. Yes, sir. See, making them manifest. The spirit quickens the word. In other words, he's a coward that sends the Lord out there with us. Like David when he met Goliath, there was only one place for that rock to hit. Every else everything else was armed. But God got into that spirit rock. He had five stones faith in Jesus. Something is fixing to happen because there is the word, the promise, and the power to fling it. That's what we need today is a man that will take God's word with the power of the Holy Ghost behind him to press it out there and watch it come to pass. Yeah, that's God's army. See his word of fire, his army all dress with the ever present of himself. I'll go with you, be in you, not you that speaketh, the father dwellth in you, he doeth the works. I'm trying to show you who's here this morning. See, he presents his army in the form of five officers. Apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists. That's his armies. That's his soldiers. That's his commanding officers all with the baptism of the Holy Ghost waiting out there to meet the enemy on any grounds he comes on. Oh, praise God. Amen. To meet the enemy with the word of God. Seven thunder that shakes the devil's kingdom. Each one backing one another up with him. The chief captain. That's what I was telling the brothers in Bulmont. I said, "Now the teachers, now the ordained ones rather, and the uh evangelists and pastors and so forth, now you we can have one accord. Now we can have one mind on the seven thunders. Now we can back away and won't cross one another. We have the same gospel that Aras and Martin preached. We preached the same gospel. Now her bride can know that what brother Brandham preached, she won't be afraid no more to open herself up. You understand to hear cuz you know the same gospel on them tapes saying the same thing. Amen. See now backing up with him the chief captain. Not out there in front, not up above, not behind, but in them. There he is. That's the army vindicating. Vindicating what? his resurrection by the proof of his work. St. John 14:12, the works I do shall he do also. What is it? It is God in the church in these five predestinated offices. Say it again. God in the church in these offices. See predestinated back it up. Every word said, the man preaches the word and God is in there to back it up. The man come up here and lay hands up on the heel and then God is there to heal him. The man the Bible the Bible says doctor God did back it up. When it happened or a little bit here, a little bit there, a little bit there for 9 years, but one day comes in 1975 is all he's there. He's here when he's here now. How does he speak first? How do I know he'll speak? Can I show you this morning? Amen. Amen. Every word that you said with the Holy Spirit himself in there, which is the word made manifest. Seven thunders made manifest is charity. That's here's the word the pyramid is the word manifest is charity. There it is. It's right here. For the word made manifest is here. The word made manifest. Malachi 4, St. 17:30 was made manifest. We saw the charity around Malachi 4. He had on a rainbow coat. That same rainbow coat is here this morning. Amen. See, which is the word made manifest. Prove in his resurrection. Prove that he lives. Think of it. The great word general trial in us. For nine years the devil fought the word to come in through seven thunders. But he triumph stands here to go and conquer mighty conquer omnipotent one. He waves his sword. He conquered hell. He conquered sin. He conquered the grave. He conquered everything in front of him. On the cross, he spoiled principality down the open, nailed all the don'ts and dos and so forth and taste out to the wall. Blooded it out that was against you. Took you away from Mount S. brought you to Mount Cal stands here. The mighty omnipotent conqueror this morning. He's running after his prayer. He's cleaving to her. Nobody better not touch her. He's the word. real world is in you this morning this morning. I can't see that you feel quick to your head. It makes Hebrews 13 a reality would take more than a training. You can read words and read words never make it come to pass until you have the Holy Ghost and the manifest words. We read the spoken word for years and didn't know nothing. He's here now. He manifested the spoken word. Amen. See that's the light now. Not just a say glory to God. I got the Holy Ghost. Put it in action. Put it in place. Make it move. Make it do something. Come on. We got to go out and stand the W of the devil. When they say the name of the past, stand there with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and prove that it is the truth. Therefore, we stand with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and Jes today and forever. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Prove with standing up and prove that that is the truth that the mind of the Christ be in you. The intelligence that will come down at a little later date as the voice of the archangel but is here now awakening as knowledge to New York City on St. Martin. Understand now why why had to go? Why go to St. John? Why go St. Thomas? Didn't go to St. Croy. Thought I had to go to St. Croy. God sent St. Croy in this morning. I know it is, Mr. Jesus Christ brought you here this morning, Mr. Neil. You were down on St. C. I was want to go. My wife would tell you, I thought you going to St. Cla. That's the third step. That's the cross ministry of Jesus Christ. So you want to see one get some knowledge first and I'll send C in here. I'll heal her. I'll save her to New York City on the scene yesterday, today and forever. Signs are everywhere. Why you get so great Friday night you begin to pray for the Lord and pray for your family the husband and wife the world will be stupid to be prayed for I'll pray for St. I'll bring him over there. Bring him over there. I'll bring him back. I'll bring in the husky. Will you get up and hang in there and don't stand up at 9:00. Look at your watch at 9:00 and see what time it is. But shut your eyes and look until you hear a Russian mighty wind. Hey, I'll read it right here. Stay here until there comes a Russian mighty wind. There you are right out of here. Stay until there comes a rushing mighty wind that fills all your being. The Russian mighty wind is here. But now stay there till he fills you. You know he's here. You heard it Friday. You heard it Sunday. He's here. But now stay there with your corner of the world. And he'll fill you up. Beloveds, what do you think he come down here to stick a lollipop in your mouth and pull it out? Oh, you in the spirit. The Russian mighty win is there. We are back to apostolic day. Throw you in jail. The angel of the Lord comes into jail. Make everybody go to sleep. Walk you out of there. Don't you go and stand right back in there. Give him the words of eternal life. Mighty man. He's here. Stay until he fills your being. That takes all your doubts out. Takes everything out and puts the word in there with the power of God behind and back it up. The whole of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost with the word behind it. Oh my. I had the Holy Ghost April the 9th, 1960. Now I have the word behind it. Who's going to stand in front of me? I have that same word, the same promises. Know I'll be with you always until the end of the earth. I'll never leave. I'll never forsake you. You fall asleep. You be with me. I'll raise you up again. Amen. Yet I know I my redeemer live. As Joel said there, oh praise God. And if anybody said that they have the Holy Ghost denies one word of this Holy Ghost, nothing brings faith like the word. And here is the word ga. Amen. All of this dubtales in together. Praise God. Here we are. There's a now brother said these words on old tape that brother Tommy told me the other day. He said that brother say if the pastor is preaching the faith of the early church the same faith and the people finally believe the same faith. Oh my. He says they have the same faith and the pastor is preaching Bible prophecies. He said that Jesus Christ walks out of the pages of the Bible into the congregation. We have this morning and I'm preaching the word. You believe the same. We have the same faith. We have one Lord, one baptism. Amen. One spirit. Praise God. We are the same spirit this morning. Jesus Christ have already walked in here. from second time and he's going to heal the second height. Why? Because New York something about New York City. They finally got the wine together. Finally got it hooked up together. Finally got it hooked up. I understand those brothers try all day and Saturday to get it hooked up here. They finally got it hooked up. The death brother is present here. Remember he walks in on his promise word. He's also displayed over my head. He's all in the congregation all over between handicapped messages. Oh my 777 here is going to vindicate every blood wash procly [Music] kindness we have 4 left and left a message here he returned back 9 years later through brotherly kindness a scriptural voice requirement honey for the agemen on June 20 1933 I was preaching there as what you will. This message was preached for faith to pray for my wife for Brian and I. Amen. Yesterday, my own natural brother Frankie cuz he called me up. He was supposed to have the uh uh the uh um wedding anniversary and he called me up to tell me because he can't come without excuses. I said, "All right, brother. It's all right." I says, "But I'm going to one thing. You will come to church one time." So just to get a chance to testify to brothers which I've never been with 12 years through the wedding anniversary and him calling she couldn't come. I let him when my wife came home. I was just shouting and running all the room. I said, "You understand 12, 13 years. I finally told you about Jesus Christ. My people all those years cuz he adopted children. He's sweet. He's good. They want children. Adopted children." Well, you see this in my way to worship God. I told him yesterday, you give all your good to the poor. You give your body to be. You know all the mysteries, Frankie. You'll never meet Jesus Christ except you repent and be born again. You better go to I feel good today. I love you. Praise God. I love you. I love you too, Frankie. That's why I'm praying for you. Get off that fence. You put on that fence up there. I want to ask God to trouble you. Make you wake up. You want to pick up the morning church. I'm going to ask my God to put some fire on you. Praise God. Amen. I can see sister over here. God is all the way from St. Croy can bring your family here. I know that I know that I know and I was preaching this message what you will prophetic spoken on my message by the Holy Spirit. I want to read it to you now December the 7th, 1971. I was in prayer getting ready go to work about 5:00 in the morning and I was reading the perfect strength every week on page 31 reading about David and paragraph 210 that's what the holy that's what the matter today God of sheep that's going astray organization things have stole them out brought them out into psychology God give us Davids with the word of God and the power of God to to direct it when we go to meet these intellectual giants with all the PH LS Q us or whatever it might be. Give me the word of God in a pound of Holy Ghost and I'll tell you we can slay every child on the field. This is when that first begin to come to me. I wrote it down and on the other side and today we know we we need a revival. We know we need a stirring amongst the the people. It will not take a doctor or a divinity. It'll take a week. Hallelujah. That'll take the word of God and the power and resurrection of Christ and slay this thing. It'll bring Christ to the country. Did it. Amen. Malachi 4 down and the hero of faith Christ away for 9 years and born right back. Manifested him. See what it is. Take the word of God, the power of resurrection of Christ and slay this thing and bring Christ to the country. Let them see that he can still open the eyes of the blind. Amen. Heal the sick raised the dead. He's God's conqueror. Amen. We need David untrained. I read this here and then uh holy inspiration struck me. And this is what I wrote back in the spirit. I spirit early morning rock of revelation stones. Word of God with the power of the resurrection of God to direct the stone to the intellectual giants. That's what he said there. Then the inspiration come down. Here's the way it comes. The rock confession revelation of Christ is directed to the intellectual giant stone in the forehead. This Holy Spirit right now. See? And the rock revelation will slay every one of them. Slay the church's intellectual conception of the message. I wrote it out. Follow my way and fade away. We're all about it. One day, June 20th, Wednesday night, getting ready to pray for Sister Coleman in there. Down come the one who revealed that to me and had me lay out just that when he broke in on you on the tape, but I got a a view of those quotes right here. And I was speaking there building faith to pray for the eye and the Holy Spirit coming with a direct utterance. Y'all didn't even catch it. I guess something hit me in the head. You know that that was the night that was me I was gone. See now I want you to understand how he speaks through voice. So you understand who that's the Lord. Amen. Is it simple and normal human being speaking through women speaking through? Why would why was it in the Pentecostal days here and in the 30s and 40s and 50s here when a man or a woman even hypocrites would stand up and speak out in tongues they know it's God? They know it's God but they can't know it's God when you're preaching the word. I understand that. Stand under the inspiration say God say this thing that God speaking right now God speaking this morning saying God want you to know God speaking when you preaching a word God understand you come in here well tired where is God speaking but they can't get it home where he is understand it you're tired try to get hungry and whatn not they want to go you know but they hear tong oh everybody's refreshed see what it is now there was this preaching away you see anointing was there and here it is coming out there's not a lot of people on the face of the earth that this revelation other words there there was a church tied down and they are just that way tonight here the trouble tonight and all over the world there is a five-fold ministry yet inspiration here see David's ministry is finally going to come on the scene. This is coming off of what I just read to you. See, come right back to Holy Spirit. What's this? December 71. And this was June 73. A whole year and a half later got all out. But now, but he don't forget nothing. Oh, he knows the time and the place in this season. That stone is being wound tonight. Where did that rock go at? You know where it went? It went straight to the forehead. What is that? Intellectual powers. David, this ministry is finally going to come on the scene and slave your eyes in the forehead. Not knowing speaking inspiration, not tongues, but just straight inspirational word. See, when the revelation of Jesus Christ goes to Connecticut and they had just come back at night, you hear today. when he goes to Connecticut, Indiana and Tucson and Georgia right now prophecy Georgia and South America, Venezuela, you know, s and all the different places it will slay Goliath and later on. And you'll see the sheep of God come screaming forth, "Praise God." When the real David, that's Christ, takes that stone of that rock of the revelation of Jesus Christ. When that David stands out there with that confession, you know it yet, honey. You know it. with that that confession of what the seventh seal is. See the inspiration and what the power of God is. See, he can prove it on the spot. There's your three steps. The rock box honey confession in Georgia. The power of God is the seven thunders. And he's here this morning approved on the spot. 1 2 3. There you are. Only do you see it? Yeah. spoken under inspiration prophecy. Just direct inspiration like it was in the days of the apostles. But it went right by it. See, and smash it into Goliath's forehead and all the intellectual forces, tense, white horses, intellectual powers of the message. Wow. Will be scattered and a true message shall go forth. There will be one more ride. Not even knowing. Oh, praise God. I feel good tonight. It's going to have a stop right here in New York tonight. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And brother Hunt says, "Wow, I feel different." That was the Holy Ghost, friends. Oh my. See, now it's buttered on June 20 here. I'm praying. Get ready to to pray with Fort and this breaks in on us. When the revelation goes to to Connecticut, Indiana, Tucson, Georgia, South America, all different places was slaying Goliath a year before Georgia not knowing 71, 73, 74. So I go see and you'll see the sheep of God come screaming forth praising God. Intellectual powers and whatnot, their interpretations, man-made ideas. When the real David takes a stone of that rock of the rubbish of Jesus Christ, when that David stands out there with that confession of what the seven seal is, when did that happen? Here is when God come down from heaven and thundered out the revelation [Music] down in Georgia back to you this morning. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. God and I'm here for people to enjoy watch Heat. Heat. Everyone everywhere. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. down. We don't walk around. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I don't you know you ready Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. building down. I knew nothing about it. was saying those words. Didn't even hear the tape again like that until January. I heard it going up to Canada and just heard it just to hear it, but I never knew it. And then he revealed it to me on September 20th and said the seven sons of the seven voices of the seven church agents. Still didn't hear it again yet until I get ready to go to Bulma here to take and I heard he said now you shouldn't be afraid to go to Bulma. You already preached it. Praise God. run out of faith going down a home run, brother. I knew exactly where I was. I had already preached it, God. So, I'm trying to explain to you now. Do you understand what I'm trying to say? It'll be so humble and simple. You'll be trying to figure out like a great anointing of the Lord on it be walk right by you. It'll be the word the same word through Malachi 4 walk through us for 3 years. If you don't have the token there to examine pass through you won't know it and so will it pass right through us again. We'll be gone out of here shortly. It's the word revealed to whomsoever he will. Greater is he that is in you than he is in the world. How do you think I feel this morning? knowing that God revealed like a thunder and there it was right there. When you talk about healings, the healings ready to be here now. They have to come. Why you supposed to all those things happening? They have got to follow the thunder. It's the same life back on the earth again is here. Greater as he is than you, he is in the world. Brother, we here. What a revelation. Oh my. Yes, I swear God has sent forth that rubbish like a thunder. My this thunder all down through us. It's been happening to us ever since. Now, friends, who's ashamed of the gospel? Oh, I've been talking with the different brothers and all, but we having a good time. Amen. Yes, sir. See, now, praise God today. My inspiration was greater is he that is in you. There was the he in there June the 9th in seven parts and didn't know it. Didn't know it going down to Georgia then cuz he was in there in seven parts. Then down comes charity and brings it right out. Has changed ever since. Oh my. Oh church, you were little children before the revelation. You knew that you were saved and your sins were forgiven, didn't you? Oh, in first John. But now you're young men. You have another experience now. Oh, amen. You're strong. Amen. The word of God abidth in you. The seventh thunder revelation is in you. Now his words are in you. And number three, you have overcome the wicked one. Why? He have already done it. He has lived out the bride age already in you. It's already finished and over with. The bride he lives is finished. He lived out the church just through wrestling and looph And he lived it out for them. The messengers caught the revelation not fully revealed but preached by faith and the people were saved by faith, work by faith, move by faith, and die on by faith to the Lord. It's a life of faith. So if you ever want it scientifically prove it, forget about it. You will walk by faith. I don't care how you feel tomorrow morning. Is the victory over the world and this victory is in the ground this morning. He overcome the world through seven church ages. That victory is in you this morning by faith. It is not feeling how you look who you are God tabernacles and human vessels. Ye are God's little children. You have overcome them. Who is them? The antichrist. You overcome the false Christ. You overcome Satan and all his ministers. You overcome the communist and the agnostic. You made it. You have overcome them. You have overcome the w of the heart. You have overcome the world. Why? Because he overcome the world and he is in you. Greater is he that is in you and he out in the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. body atmosphere. He'll spare you, curse, you stay in the word. Somebody is greater than him. Your husband, your wife, your family are coming. Stay in the atmosphere of the word. Cannot fail. He gave the promise. I don't care if your daughter is sitting in the church this morning and leave here and live any kind of life out here in the world right through the bridges. I know what's going on in here in here but you hold on here. Don't look at the condition. I don't care if they smoking pot or whatever they doing. Drinking wine, going out with the boys, sneaking around. He will not kill you. He won't do it. Let me tell you in a dream you and him. Don't forget that dream. Don't forget it, sister. Don't you forget it. He said you and him pyramid way before you know. She don't know how she got it. She has got a shot hand. Don't look at his work. Look at his work. Look at what he's already done. It is finished. It's over. I have overcome. I don't care what he's still doing. Forget about it. Coming down Here the pumpkin is here. before anything you say I don't know comes down in the last second nothing but the truth was the atmosphere walking like Abraham. Amen. The devil get a short time to work. Jesus Christ said, "Judas, what thou doest do it quickly? I'm about to t my people. You going to sell me out? There's going to be a resurrection shortly. Judas and the devil Judas today is going to be a resurrection." Don't Judas quickly move. Why? He's got to do it. Amen. that lives over hell. Perfect strength. Page 51. And brother lives come over hell. That's right. Streams of demon powers. 200,000,000 demons is pouring from everywhere. It's conquered the nations. Conquer politics till it's rotten to the core. Conquer the churches until they know nothing but denomin. Page 52. Oh my. I talk about the lit up the kettle. Demons going around powers of the devil under the name of Christianity. Schools all polluted with filthy sex. Look, a little Janie Lawson here called me and her wife up crying. Said she was down in prayer with her mother. She goes to some old crazy art school down here. Nobody wanted her to go, but she had to walk her own footsteps cuz she had to have an experience with God herself. And the season of time, God drove her to her knees and said, "Get out of that school full of devils." She said, "Uncle Joe, I can't go no more. I'm finished." I said, "God spoke to you, Jonie." That same God can speak to your daughter and your son. They must have their own experience. If mama say don't go, that's because mama said you understand, mama. But when God says it, No worries at the Singleton. We'll get back. We have a word of reconciliation, restoration. Praise God. Amen. Oh my. What testimony God is doing with his people all week long going around the name of Christianity teaching for talking the commandments of men do. Amen. Believe in the Bible alone. River base. Yes sir. Antichrist. Paul's Christ. Angels of light spots in your feast. Yes sir. Crowds. They are clouds. Popped up clouds without water. No Holy Spirit. Yes sir. Carry them out with wind of their own doctrines. Trees without fruit. The fruit wither. Twice dead broke up by roots. Raging weight of the seed. pulling out of the old shame. Yes, sir. Wandering stars off course. I thank God he put us on course. Satan is working through the communist rulers, false ecclesiastical rulers, Arabs, Jews, Kissingers, devils working miracles going throughout the earth. Don't you know what's going on? California victimless slide. The Arabs have the money to go and everything else. They're working famous feverishly with the Jews and Arabs to get ready to to sign that tax on. Oh church, we have to leave. He come down and take us out. Thank God. Thank God I'm going to leave her. You young children, if you got a year left or a few months left, you have nothing. And oh, how you going to answer for this message? If you over 12 years old, I'm talking about you and you and you and the rest of you. Don't you think it's smart to sneak around here in this church here, be all tired, and go back outside and put on your minis, run around with boys, you know, hypocrites. Don't you do that. You think God ain't watching you. Repent. Repent. Get out of the way. Come back. Who you think you're fooling? There's a eye watching you. That eye is on the earth in the capstone. You don't believe me? Take out your dollar bill. Look on your Bible. You see an eye in the cap. That I am here now. He's a work quicker, more powerful, sharper than in two swords. He knows what's in your heart. Brother, you better get back to God before he cut you off. Everyone y over 12 years old this day the Lord thy God speaks to you today. Repent children get back to pop. God's fixing to pour out a devastation upon America. And don't be for your mommy and your father laying there day and night with tears crying out for you. Praise God. Praise God. God is speaking this morning. The same God that spoken to you. The same God is making for you this morning. It's not me. It's God speaking. Serve God, children. Serve God. Serve God. Serve God. He loves you. Give your heart to God today, children. Thank you, Lord. Anyone else want to come? Just come right on any of your children here. Leo down right here. in the balcony. The Lord thy God is calling you this day. Every one of y'all. St. Curry, bring them up. Every one of you, you want an experience, come and get the wine. Come here and get the wine. The Lord God for you for the wine this morning. Come up here. Come. You shouldn't get up here. Come on. Come all this time. Come back. Come every one of you. Give me the organist. Oh, the great musician is here. I can't reach the wall. The Holy Spirit is here. Oh my. I don't know what to do. Lord Jesus, every head, heavenly father, you here now. Come down here over these children now. Convict them, Lord. their hearts. I curse every devil in their hearts. I cast out worldliness. I cast out filthiness. I cast out every unclean spirit showing every hateful deed. Lord God, take the fight. Heavenly Father, clear God. Don't let them be hypocrites. Impersonate us. These are our children. Father, we cry for them. Oh God, save them from this untored generation. Save them. Lord, save them. Deal with their hearts, Lord. Fill them with the Holy Ghost. Lord God, honor Eurekio's faith. Go up into Connecticut now. Take their son and their daughter. Come up on them. Change their hearts up there in Connecticut, Lord, to honor their faith for being here today. Anyone out here, any child out here today, wherever they are, I pray for them today. Change their little hearts. Break them down. Deal with them. Break them up. Mold them and shame them and build them up again. Lord, the little teenage Jonathan, Rebecca, and the babies. May thy loving hand be upon them. Heavenly Father, I commit these children into thy hands as a trophy of this message. For greater is he that is in them than he is in the world. Lord God, by the authority and omnipotent power as a minister of the gospel, I snatched them out of the world this day. This day may they be snatched from the world. Lord God, brother Dillia's children, I snatched them from the world. Every one of them, this man is serving you with all his children. I snatch his father from the world. I curse that spirit upon his daughter that loves to run around in the world. I curse in the name of Jesus Christ. May the Holy Spirit come on his children and all the children in here. Praise God. Position is here. Just children. Praise God. Let the sweet of the Holy Spirit come down into your souls. Now close your eyes and mama and daddy sing to the Lord and thank the Lord for the heart. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Jesus. Listen, children. Oh yeah, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus Christ. Oh, keep praying, please. Church, Jesus Christ of Nazareth is here this morning. Mrs. Munos, she's daughter-in-law to Sister S. Forza lives in St. Croy. I couldn't go to St. Croy because God had her to come here. She has cancer in the breast and she was to go under a knife Tuesday pass and she called her mother-in-law to ask for who was just healed of the forming a cataract on her eyes. She knew a cow guy. So she asked her mother to come there and more often than know you called my pastor cuz we had just prayed for sister rain over the telephone. God had removed a tumor. So sister Rosen knew at the same God could heal her. So Mrs. Munoz called me just Monday morning after he came down in her Sunday. She had three lumps in her breast and her breast had to come off. We kneel down in prayer. The Holy Spirit took away two of us. Why only two? Because he wanted her here this morning to get saved. Oh, what did she do? She went to another doctor. He only found one, but she had felt three. Two were gone. Then she knew impulse strong. She had to get to New York City. She had no money. She sold what she had as it was to her mother to come home mother and her children. And here she is here today. She wants to give her heart to God. She wants to be baptized. And God is here right now to remember that last cancer as a sign of the cross of Jesus Christ that he's here this morning. Another positive sign. He's here. My sister Elmer going through great trials and that is sick but God's going to heal this morning. Someone else the great position is here. Sorry. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Jesus bless. How many here were touched by the Lord? Were you children touched by the Lord? You really don't want to serve God, Eddie, Melissa, and all the rest of y'all. You want to serve God, God loves you. He that wasn't me. He called you out for your mother's been travailing many years for you. All of you. This is the day of salvation. The world hates you. The world dress you up in little short dresses and what make you look like a fool. Make you a bait out there in the world. But God loves you. He saved you today. Your father's coming. This is a day of salvation to his people. Every single last one of them. Greater is he that is in you. Remember that you are of God. You have overcome the world. Amen. You have overcome everything out of you. Have overcome them. Everything. Look what God said. Mrs. Muno's here. Three lumps in the breast. He took away two. Made her come to salvation. This is and he just God is here right now. Let's give those by saying he touched me. He touched me. He touched me. He touched me. You really He touched your heart. Washed your house. Scared you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Now those of you that have healings that he's manifesting, say it again and tell your neighbor that he touched me and glorify God. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Praise God. Thank you Lord. Oh my. Thank you Lord. Shout it out upon your people now. Heal the sticking on this. Fire people. Greater is he that is in you than he is in the world. Greater was he that was in Daniel than he that was stirring up the lion. The God made the the animals to sit down and feed together and in the millennium they will sit down together. Why? Because the Satan won't be there. Amen. Well, if God could come down in the lion's den and take Satan out of the lion, greater is he that is in you than he that is in the lion. That same he is here right now. Greater is he that is in you than that cancer that was in our sister. Greater is he that is in you that's in that blind eye. Greater more powerful quicker is he that is in my life than he is in that. I can't do anything. I believe it with all my heart. Praise God. We know he's here. The Lord Jesus Christ of the Lord. Oh, glorify his name. Glorify his name. Glorify the name of the Lord. Oh, heat, heat. the power of the power of the Lord. Why? Because greater is he that is in you than he is in the world. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We have the victory. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, praise God. Don't you love him? Children, do you know where you are right now? Hell is on the earth. The people can't go nowhere. Perplexity, fear of looking on the things coming on the earth. There's no escape. In no time, there was the odd to go out. They went in. Eight went into the arm and the children went on in Noah and his children. Do you know what happened today? God just pulled in your children today. Amen. Where did he put your children? He pull up seven steps up to the launching pad. Apollo 11 is sitting up on top and they just walked down seven steps and entered into Apollo 11. That's the only escape patch out. There's not another way out of our Jesus Christ, the body of God on the earth, the word. And we have entered into the word. And the fire of God's beginning to move up, brew her up, pushing spread out. The fire of God is spilling down the steps. Coming down, coming down, quickening, anointing our virtues. We're on the way home, children. Amen. Just a few more turns. Amen. And we'll be gone. Brother Kirk, your wife is delivered today. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. according unto you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Lord Jesus, we worship you in spirit and truth. Oh God, realizing that thou art in our midst, Lord, we bow before thee to worship you, Lord God. We thank you, Lord, from the depths of our soul. This is the day that you have. We will rejoice and be glad there. May you be with us, Lord. bring us safely back to light. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. And amen. [Music]
