################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - The Mountain Movers The Great Separation - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 29, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   The Mountain Movers: The Great Separation - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 29, 2025
Speaker: Tim Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q8cIrwWWvw
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] became my savior and all God's soul. weather. Oh, how I love him. And oh, how I love him. How I adore him. I breath my sunshine. He's my all in all. [Music] of great became my savior and all God's soul. Oh dwell. Oh sing it again now. Oh, how I love him. And oh, how I love him. How I adore him. He's my breath, my son. He's my all in all. The great creatator became my savior and all God's fullness where in him and it goes beyond [Music] The highest star. It reaches to the lowest head. The guilty pair. Let's all stand and sing. The guilty pair bowed down with care and God gave his son. to win it. And his airing child, he reconciled [Music] and parted from. Oh, oh love of God and oh love of God. Oh how rich and pure. Oh how meless. [Music] Oh, and strong it shall forever. [Music] Oh yes, forever more endure the saints ended. Oh, sing it again. All love of God. Just so and all love of God. Oh, how rich and pure, how measureless. [Music] Oh, strong. It shall forever and do the saints and hallelujah. Amen. Ask brother Joe to open the service for us in prayer. Want to remember to pray for brother Ron Spencer this morning. Just continue to need a touch in his body and healing from the sickness. Also strength from the regimen that he's on to recover. Also want to remember brother Ben Coleman again this morning as he recovers from his surgery and it needs a touch in his body. Brother Daryl Baxter is back here this morning, but he needs prayer as well. Amen. Amen. And each one that has a need, you just want to lift to the Lord and ask him to come by our way this morning. Amen. He's more than able. Let's go to him together in prayer with brother Jim. God bless you, church. Glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Are you glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? All right. Wonderful. Well, we just bring you greetings from the church there in San Diego. We had some tremendous meetings this past weekend. Brother Andrew Spencer, myself, and I was discussing with Brother Johnny. He's the translator, the one that was here back for our meetings. And he mentioned to me something that um he said, you know, Brother Joe, you and Brother Andrew were saying some things and minister on some things that we've never saw it like that before. You know, you was talking about adoption. You was talking about the Holy Spirit. Y'all both were ministering on the same lines. He goes, "We've never seen it like that." that I said that's because you're coming into the opening of the word, church. That church is coming into the opening of the word. They're hearing things that they've never heard before. And I want you to know even like Tabernacle, you have a part to play in that because brother Tim's been pouring into Brother Johnny and myself has been pouring into Brother Johnny and the church there. And God's doing the miraculous things. We had a great time and just want you to, you know, to know what's going on out there and that we go and we we go as a a testimony of even an extension of the church here and been able to bring them into a furtherance of the ministry of the gospel. So if you have a need this morning, just uplifted hand, God is here to meet that need. We've seen God move this past weekend. Father, we just come into your presence this morning, Lord, and want to say thank you for the grace that you've extended to each of us, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, Father, and for saving us when we were unsavable. Lord, when it seems like, Lord, mankind may be given up on us. But, Father, your hand reached down and lifted us up, Father. And we're so honored today to be your children, Lord, to Lord, to have our hearts turned from unbelief to believing, Lord. We're no longer walking in doubt and unbelief, but Father, our where our faith is anchored on the rock of revelation, and we're so thankful for the message you have given us in this hour, Lord. Lord, the opening of the word, the third pool ministry, Lord God, a people that's being made manifest, Father, word becoming flesh in this hour. So Lord, we just thank you for all that you've done there and what you're doing here at Evening Light and Lord, around the world, the moving of the spirit, Lord, the supernatural being poured out, Lord, service after service, ministry upon ministry, God, elect upon elect. And Lord, we just thank you for that. And God, we bring some needs to you tonight. Brother Ben Coleman, Lord, suffering, needing a real touch, Lord, not only in his body, but Lord, in his spirit. We ask that you would minister a healing to him, God. He's been a faithful servant, Lord. And he's been under the attack for the last several weeks. And we just asking that, God, you'd go to him right now, wherever he's at, Lord. And may you just minister healing, Lord God, to him, Lord, to his back, to the situations in his body and his mind, Lord. restore him to perfect health and strength. Father, we also, Lord, pray tonight for brother Daryl. We ask you to continue to touch him, Lord, in his body as he recovers from this surgery as well. Lord, and every hand that was lifted to you, may you just, God, come down and search the heart, Lord. You see the need, may you touch it, Lord God, today. And Lord, break the bread of life to us, Father. As brother Tim would come and minister the word, Lord. May you just speak to our hearts today, Lord, as we lift our cups up, Father, and ask that you would fill us a fresh and a new. We commit this service to you now, Lord, in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Amen. And we have a couple of announcements as the brothers make ready to take up the offering. Just wanted to um ask if we can get some help after the service moving some chairs and tables uh back to the fellowship hall, taking down the nine square, different things over in the gym that need help there. Also, um the we want to thank all of the teachers, the ministers, all the helpers that made the vacation bible school possible this year. Appreciate everyone's help. I know the kids had such a wonderful time with that. So, want to thank all that were involved in that. It's not easy. Takes some time, takes a lot of work and dedication, but we thank you for that. And also, uh, the wear family would like to extend a thank you to each one that helped with the wedding, with the cleanup, all of the work involved with Kimberly and Christopher's wedding. Appreciate the the church and all of their support with that. So, God bless each one of you. Amen. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand? Let's sing that song. Joy is the flag flown high from the castle of my heart. Amen. Aren't you thankful that there's a king living there? Amen. Joy is the flag flown high from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Oh, joy is the flag high from the castle of my heart. Let the king is in residence there. Oh, let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world go. Let the whole world know. Let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Let the king embrace this day. Joy is the flag high. From the castle of my heart. Oh, from the castle of my heart. Where is the flag? From the castle. Oh, the king is in residence there. And let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world go. Let the whole world go. Whole world go. Let him fly in the sky. Let the whole world go. Let the king rest there. Let's give the Lord a hand this morning. Amen. Amen. You can be seated for a moment and ask brother John, sister Rebecca they'd come at this time and have a baby dedication this morning. Amen. As they come, Brother Tim makes ready. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wow. What a precious treasure you put in my arms. Little Jonah Wesley Puit. My goodness. another little pru boy boy to go with all these other handsome ones and beautiful little girl. We love you each one of you and we're so thankful for what God has done in your life and his mercy that endures. How many believes in enduring mercy? Well, I tell you, it's mercy that has brought us to this day and grace that is shown on these lives. and to put a beautiful little treasure in my arms today as I stand here to represent the Lord Jesus. Maybe a poor representation of him, but we're his representation upon the earth. And we're thankful that we can hold such a treasure to the Lord. John, this is yours. This is just like you, buddy. And he's even smiling about that. going to reflect daddy. And I think that's good, you know, when we can have our children remember they are a reflection of us as we um uh help to mold them in their life, their character, and their walk. And not only that, but as a church, we are supportive of these little children, these little wonderful babies that God entrusts us with. And um we we have to be examples um and we set examples before them because they will certainly follow something and so we want the right example before us and I believe we're doing that. Amen. I'm so thankful for this family. They're beautiful family. God's grace is upon them and now bless them with another little treasure. Amen. How wonderful. Let's talk to the Lord. Father, we love you today and we thank you for the blessings of God on our lives. Lord, your blessings are so many. So great are they on us. Lord, we thank you for Brother John, Sister Rebecca, their love for you and for their children. Each one of them, Lord, that they're raising in the admonition of the Lord. And our trials sometimes are hard. The enemy would sometimes like to wipe us off the face of the earth, but your grace prevails and and brings us to moments like this. I pray, Lord, your blessings on little Jonah today as we we take him into our arms to place him in yours and say, Lord, even as a family, even as loved ones, even as a pastor, our arms aren't good enough, Lord, and our care isn't good enough. So we put them in your arms asking for your grace now that you'll be with them all the days of their life and let your blessings flow upon them as I blessed this child in Jesus name. May have health and strength and the love of God just fall and flow over his life in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. My my my. How many blessings do we get? Amen. Thank you. God bless you, John Paul. Love you, son. Amen. We got another one. Amen. We We We've got growth in the church. Amen. God's given blessings to the Winters families, too. And and they're bringing a little treasure and and and going to present it to the Lord. Little Annaise. Is that way we say it? Amen. Sometimes these name Oh my my goodness. This is a a little a little one a little doll right here that I got. Is Is she real? She Well, I guess she is. You change diapers and feed her regularly and up, you know, she's the new boss of the home, you know. um got to got to uh tend to her regularly, you know, and and again, what blessings God bestows upon our lives and his mercy that he gives us, his love that he shows us. And we thank God for you, brother Brandon. Amen. I I tell you what, you know, we thought you would never grow up and now you're a daddy and responsible husband. You know what did that? Jesus. We put him in the equation and Jesus does that in life. And oh my, we're so thankful to the Lord. I know you're thankful. Amen. Amen. And they're happily married and got these little ones that they bring to the Lord today. So, let's just pray. Father, we love you and we thank you for the treasures that are put in our arms today. Lord, we thank you for this family. We thank you for grace of God that's on our lives. Lord, we ask, Father, your blessings upon this family today, upon this little Annaise, Lord, that you would bless her with life and health and strength, Lord. I pray that she will be a treasure Lord through the that her name will be known Lord in the ages to come even if you would tarry that long as one that is a saint of God that loves you with all her heart. Lord I I just ask the angel of God would watch over her and may health and strength come into her little body today. Lord, peace in this home, every need supply, we pray and strengthen us now as we continue to serve you in Jesus name. Amen. Congratulations. What a what a blessing. Amen. Amen. Well, just going to move up a few years and have the Sunday school come now and make way with their special from VBS. As they come, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. And I will say, this is the name that the Lord has made. I will rejoice. He's made glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He hath made. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. And I will enter his gates with thanksgiving. Oh, I'll enter his glor with praise. And I will say, this is the day that the Lord. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He hath made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He had me. Say, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he has Heath made me glad. Oh, he have made and I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. Oh, I willj. [Music] [Music] My God's the king of the giants. My God's the king of the lions. My God's the king of the creatures of the deep. My God's the king of he let the giant stand in his way. He said, "Hey, he's not there. My God's bigger watching fall. My God is the king of the giants. My God is the king of the lions. My God is the king of the creatures of the deep. My God is the king of me." Have you heard the one about this guy called Daniel? He was a mighty holy praying man said thr to the den of the scary beast. But God saved a hero from the lion's teeth. My God the king of the giants. My God's the king of the lions. My God is the king of the creatures of the deep. My God is a king of me. This is more than history. He will do the same for me. Like Jonah and the whale I see. When I'm lost and afraid, all alone in the dark. You're with me. Oh, you're with me. My God, the king of the giant. My God, king of the lion. My God's the king of the creatures of the deep. My God's the king of me. My God is the king of the giants. My God's the king of the lions. My God's the king of the creatures of the deep. My God's the king of me. My God's the king of me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Is he your king this morning? Amen. Amen. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. And Jesus got into my heart, into my soul. Oh, I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm free and glad. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. And Jesus got into my heart. Oh my soul, I used to be oh so sad, but now I'm free. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me. Sing it one more time. Yes, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got into my heart, into my soul. I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm free and glad. Oh Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. And he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh hallelu he abide with me and I rejoiceing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort abide with me. Oh and he abides through. Yes he abides. Oh, hallelujah. Here abide with me. And I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort of my sake. He abides. He abides. Oh, he abides. Yes. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk their way for the comfort. Oh, one more time. He abides. He abides. Oh, he abides in hallelu. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort that abides with me. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. We're thankful to have brother Jude this here with us this morning. Brother Jordan as well. Amen. Coming through our way. And brother Jude's been a major major part of helping at this church in a behind thescenes way. And appreciate him and all that he does for the bride of Christ around the world. Bless you, brother Jude. Amen. Is it good to be in church this morning? Amen. We're just real honored to be here this morning and to be with you. And [Music] the song is it's called Praise Opens Prisons. Paul and Silas were beaten with rods, thrown into prison because they prayed for a girl and cast a demon out of her. The priests weren't too happy with that. But what did they do? They lifted up their hands and about midnight, they started praising the Lord and started singing hymns. And all the other prisoners were looking on and listening in. And around midnight, that great earthquake came. and tore open those chains. You're suffering this morning. Praise opens prisons. A, G, and D. And that's it. Whole thing. Nice and easy. [Music] Are you down? Smiling but empty, anxious and heavy in the crowd. Are you bound? Lost in addiction. Can't seem to kick while I know a way out. If you're ready for a breakthrough, there's one waiting in this place. No more shackles, no more shadows, no more shame. This is where the walls shake. This is where the ground breaks. This will be your jail break. Praise all prisons. Feel those chains get looser. Feel the joy get true. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise the praises. Praise all these prince. I have lived the size of the story in their glory. So I understand brothers. Time to lay down your burdens. Sister, you're hurting. So lift up your hands. You won't shake. This is where the ground breaks. This will be your jailbreak. Praise prison. Feel those chains get looser. Feel your joy get true. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise praises. Someone shout a hallelujah. Someone who hits a song of praise. You can open up the heavens. If you call upon Jesus name, if you're ready for a breakthrough, there's one way in this place. No more shackles, no more shadows, no more sh. This is where the walls shake. This is where the ground breaks. This will be your jailbreak. Praise. Feel those chains get looser. Feel your joy get true. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise. Got to feel those chains get looser. Got to feel the joy get to her. Praise. Got to feel those chains get looser. Got to feel the joy get to her. Praise his friends. Sing it louder, louder and louder. Sing it louder. Praise. Sing it louder, louder and louder. Sing it louder. Praise. This is where the walls. This is where the ground breaks. This will be your day. Praise open praise. Feel those chains get loose. Feel your joy get true. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise Jesus. Amen. God bless you this morning. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Are you ready to praise him this morning? Amen. Amen. Let's just take a moment to worship our King of Kings. Amen. Who's opened the prison in our lives this morning. Yeah. Hallelujah. [Music] Worthy is the [Music] lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song to him who sits on. Heaven's mercy sing. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Oh, sing a new song to him. Oh, [Music] we say holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is with all creation. All creation. Oh. Say you are my everything. You are my everything. I will adore you. Say holy, holy, holy, Lord God, [Applause] who was and is and is to come. Oh, let your praise open praises this morning. Say, I will sing praise to the king. You are my everything. You are my everything. And I will adore you. Hallelujah. Say clothe in what you do. and clothe in rainbows of living color. Oh, we give blessing and honor. Oh, glory and power be to you, the only wise king. Say, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to you." Can we all stand and give him praise now? Take you all my everything and I will adore you. Filled with wonder, all sharp wonder. Oh, at the mention of your name. Can you tell them this morning? Say Jesus your name is power. Oh bread and living water. It's such a marvelous mystery. Oh holy, holy, holy is the God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Oh, with all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you filled with wonder. Oh aruck wonder at the mention of your name. Jesus your name is power bread and living water and such a borrow this earth. Oh, holy, holy, holy the Lord God Almighty who was and is to come. Oh, with all creation I see. I see you the king. You are my everything. You are my everything. Oh, I will adore you. Oh yes, Lord, I will adore you. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, just praise his name. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Lord, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Yes, Lord. And from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, tell him. Say, you deserve the glory. You deserve the glory, Lord. And you are worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Tyler, for you are all things, to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Let's just raise our hands and worship him right now from the depths of our heart. Lord, we want to express our love to you, Lord. Oh, you're our advocate, our sin bearer. Lord, our deliverer, our savior. It is you, Lord, that we worship today. We have come to adore you, for thou art worthy. I pray, oh God, your blessings upon your children today as we in turn bless your name and hold it high and holy. How wonderful you are, Lord. How great is thy faithfulness. How wonderful is your mercies, Lord. We love you today and we thank you for your goodness. Thank you for grace, Lord. The favor of God on our lives, the forgiveness of sin, oh God, how wonderful, how marvelous you are. We're looking to you today, oh God, to speak to us now through the word. Oh God, we have sung the songs. The children have worshiped you. And God, we've all just come in unity of the faith. Lord, acknowledging you as our Lord and asking now that you would just say something special to us today that you would speak to hearts and lives, Lord, that the soul that is the coldest, the further away that you would bring them in, Lord, to the fire, Lord, those that have the heartbeat of the love of God that it would just be blowed upon today and it would just burst into higher flame. Oh God, the word, oh God, the wood of the word placed upon that flame so that it would feed it, that it would go higher and higher. We're your children, Lord. We need you, Lord. We recognize we're here in the last days. And Father, we want to make our calling and election sure. We want to know where we stand. And I just pray God that the word as it goes forth that it'll just speak to hearts and it'll just reveal your character, Lord, it'll just cause those that are faithless to have a new faith. And those that have faith that it would move up a higher level into a rapturing faith. Oh God, we're your children. And we're just asking for you to come now. Move me aside, Lord. I ask that this not be mechanical. I ask Lord that it'll be the dynamic power of God with the uncction of the Holy Spirit that I might speak as a true oracle of God in Jesus name. Heal your children, Lord. There are those that are sick and needy. There are those that are listening in today that they've got special needs in their lives and maybe they feel forgotten and abandoned. May you they be assured Lord by the word the same word that where where you would say Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever continues on saying I'll never leave you or forsake you. So may that word of promise be real to them today in the name of Jesus we ask him. Amen and amen. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord today. We're going to have a water baptism today. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we have brother Gabe here is going to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. How wonderful that is that we commit our lives to serve the Lord. It just takes a it just takes a full surrender to him and a yielding of our lives and to the grace of God. Amen. And God is good to us. Gives us so many blessings. Amen. I was able to greet brother Jude Murray just before this service and he reminds me so much of his dad and and you know his dad was the one that I tell you about picked me up and danced around with my feet dangling after I accepted the invitation to come to New Zealand some many many years ago and and um you know brother Neil Murray was he was a treasure. We loved him. We appreciated him and his love for the Lord. Went moved on to Australia from there and now moved on to glory. You know, u the older I get, the more friends I have on the other side. Amen. And you know, so many have went before us, but we're we're about to catch up. They're going to come here and we'll be have a great year reunion. What a wonderful time that will be. Luke chap 21 verse 34. And as you're turning there, I'm reminding you of our theme there. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain, and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Verse 34 of Luke chap 21. and take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfing and drunkenness and the cares of this life. So that that day come on you unawares. For as a snare, that's a trap, shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Watch ye therefore and pray always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and to stand before the son of man. God bless you. Can have your seats. I want to speak today on the great separation and we are taking the scripture that we have um read from today um where it has the command to watch and it's linked to being alert you know to spiritual dangers and the signs of the times and avoiding the spiritual complacency or being weighed down by worldly cares. You know each age the prophet told us has its pressures and he said for example a great burden of this last age would be the pressure of riches and self-living and nervous tensions in a complex age that we seem unfitted to live in. And yet in the face of this we will overcome. And we will overcome by the dynamic power of God because the capstone comes with grace. Grace so that this mountain of lukewarm and complacency can be overcome. And this is our mountain, you know, and we can't climb over it and we can't bur bury underneath it. And and as I said, we can't get over it. nor can it nor can can we somehow by human means uh push it aside but it can only be overcome supernaturally. Brother Brandham tells us in God's provided place of worship he said notice when this great moving power of God comes into the son of God it quickens him the spirit of life enters into him. Then what does it do? It seats him in heavenly places right now. Not that they will be. We are now. Now we're already resurrected. The dynamics and the mechanics has gone to work. Quickens us. And we're quickened up into the presence of God where his spirit is. And now we're seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Sitting in there, that great seat that's already fired up, been raised from the dead. And we're part of it. If you're a part of the bride, you are because the bride is a part of the groom, you know. So we find out that it's the same thing. She'll do exactly what's predicted for her to do in this day. She won't be a Leodysa. Not by no means a lukewarm, but she'll be on fire for God. She'll be moving on in the spirit of God. Now, you know, I'm going to be speaking on some things today, and they, you know, I will just say, if the shoe fits, own it. If the shoe don't fit, well, pass it on. So you know you you decide this morning even what portions of this uh uh that is that is being given is for you because that's what you have to do. It's a personal walk. And so when we are speaking sometimes we will speak um evangelistically to the world or maybe to all message churches or sometimes to the local church and which includes everybody and then sometimes to it becomes very individualized. So again I I want you to just take to heart the things that that you believe that the spirit is urging you to uh to address. Now, we're living, of course, in the time of harvest when separation is taking place. The tears and the lukewarm and those that are merely pretending to be the wheat are being bound together for the judgment. And at the same time, the true grain, and I hope we can identify ourselves as that. Amen. that the the true grain, the genuine spiritfilled believers, they are also being separated not only from the tears but also from the lifeless husk and the outward forms that lack the life of God. and and what follows the forerunner. If you notice the life of John the Baptist and and and his message as he declared of him that cometh after me that we know that what follows the forerunner the prophet like Elijah is the one mighter than he which is Jesus Christ and and of course who comes not just with water but with the Holy Ghost and fire and he thoroughly purges his threshing floor and this is not a casual shifting or or sifting, I mean, but but a a complete and and divine separation. And he gathers the true grain, the the spirit field, the word anchored believers by rapturing them into his garner, his eternal storehouse. But the chaff, the empty husk, those who were mere professors um have no life in them but are left behind and burned with unquenchable fire. And this is the baptism of fire that purges and consumes and reveals what is real and what is not. And and I just want to tell you the time of pretending is over. The time of purging has begun. And and I want to review as we have been through in the past sermons that I've spoke on the parable of the swer which I believe is a prophecy of this last day that we want to remember that the swer of the good seed is the son of man, Jesus himself. And the field represents the world because from every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, the gospel has went out to call a bride for him. And the good seed are the children of the kingdom. Those born of God that are true believers. And I believe God's going to have some in this day. And the tears are the children of the wicked one. They are counterfeit believers or the unrighteous. And the enemy that so deterior is the devil. Satan of course actively works to corrupt God's um field and and uh to sew his own seed. And the harvest represents the end of of the world or the age. And the reapers are the angels which are God's agents of judgment and separation. And I would say some of them of course are heavenly influence and some of them are men upon the earth. God's angels that he sends forth as reapers. And just as the terrors are gathered and burned in the fire, so it will be at the end of the world. And that's a clear warning of the final judgment. Now, so the Bible tells you and I want you to uh view this scripture real carefully today in Matthew chapter 13:E 30 where he says, "Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of harvest, I will say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn." So as we see this, we want to take careful note. It's in the time of harvest. You know, it's not only the tears that are being separated, those that are clearly identified as the children of the wicked one, but also the chaff is being separated. You see, the terrors never were of God. But the chaff is something far more sobering. You see, the chaff once had the life of the spirit in it, and it was once a part of the wheat, but the life did not remain. These are they that have grieved the spirit and quenched the flame and and are now standing um spiritually dead and dry and void of the Holy Ghost. They're like the foolish virgins. They once burned with oil. The Bible said their lamps had went out and they but they had once burned with fire, but now their lamps are gone out and and their their their fire is faded and they've become lukewarm and they're neither cold nor hot and but they're few, you know, they're fit only to be spewed out as a group will be specifically spoke of in our church age, the Leodysian church age, you know, spewed out because these are too separated from on the grain. And the the terrors of course are bound for damnation. They're the children of the wicked one, swung by the devil and destined for wrath. The chaff once a carrier of the life, but now without it is cast into the fire of judgment. Some of these will go through the fiery trial of the tribulation and be purged during that time and and find uh find mercy somehow at the great tribulation or the great judgment ahead, the white throne judgment. But all will face unquenchable fire. Some in the fiery trial of tribulation and others in the final judgment of God. But the wheat, the true, the spiritfilled bride is gathered into his garner. The separation, I want to tell you friends, it's happening right now. The threshing floor is an active floor. We're not in the season of the long growth of the church ages. We are now in the season of the great harvest. And there there the threshing floor is active and being purged. And the fire is coming. Amen. Now in this profound parable, Jesus the son of man, he reveals a prophetic timeline that would happen or would span through seven gentile church ages. The kingdom of heaven, the realm of the Holy Ghost would begin as a seed, you know, planted by Christ himself. And that seed, pure and undefiled, was the original word. But immediately an enemy sowed a counterfeit seed, a tear into the same field. And the results, two kinds of seeds, the wheat and the tears growing side by side in the same visible field. I want you to understand the root was different and so would be the fruit. But here they will grow side by side. Let me bring it down to home. In the same time, in the same movements, in the same age, in the same church, in the same movement, now Jesus reveals the mystery of the kingdom that the gospel wouldn't come to fullness all at once, but like a seed, it would be planted and it would go through stages of growth. growth until the harvest. And the son of man, Christ himself, was the swer and he planted the original seed word at Pentecost. And he produced a spiritfilled church that bore the pure life of God. How many believes that? Amen. But while men slept, an enemy came and swed his tears. It was a counterfeit word. It was a false gospel. It was an imitation life that appeared similar but lacked the divine nature of the true seed. The apostle Paul saw himself as one of those early seed swowers under the ministry of the son of man who was the chief seed swower. He labored not just as a preacher but he saw himself as a planter. He laid the foundation of the word among the Gentiles. He didn't seek to reform the the old old system and the law of Moses. No, he didn't do that. He separated law from grace. It was a time of separation. It was a great separation where he separated law from grace and and showed the fulfillment of the law and the prophets in the gospel of Christ. And he planted the original gospel in virgin soil. Yeah. Hallelujah. He said in 1 Corinthians 3:6, "I have planted. Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." He laid a foundation as a master builder. He planted the original seed, the same seed Jesus spoke of, the pure apostolic word of God. That same produced a church that was like Christ. Amen. That early church was filled with the spirit, walking in power, living in holiness. It was a virgin word bride who remained pure and unadulterated for a time. But then came the enemy, Satan, and he swed a perverted seed right in the same field. And Jesus foreseeing the deception, he said, "Let them both grow together until the harvest." So he actually gave permission for these to grow side by side in the same movement in the same church. Are you with me? Amen. So you said let them grow both grow together into the harvest. And here's the mystery of the kingdom of heaven, the realm of the Holy Ghost. And we that that there are two vines in the church. Not one, two. Amen. Two vines. And we must discern, recognize, and withstand the spirit of the Antichrist. Now, we're living in a time when spiritual discernment is not optional. It's vital. Amen. There must be a Holy Ghost awaken called to recognize and resist the spirit of the antichrist that would make the church lukewarm and formal and powerless. And when we do, when we stand in the light of truth and we expose the lie of the devil, then Satan loses his power over us. And this is a foundational truth. The enemy can only operate where he is not discerned and withtood. But when we recognize his presence, when we identify what he is, and let me tell you, this is the age, this is a time where everything has to be identified, where you see what was actually really planted. Are you with me? And all spiritual matters, yes, all religion, they're they're rooted or they're all rooted in one of these two opposing forces. And these forces, they're not always obvious. No. No. They often appear to grow in the same soil. They look alike in structure. They speak the same language. They share the same quotes. They read the same Bible. But don't be deceived. They bear entirely different fruit. One of them is the spirit of Christ. And the other is the spirit of the Antichrist. I know this is hard, but let me tell you, one is truth, the other is deception. One produces a living bride, the other reproduces the harlot system. Denominational Christians who are only benchwarmers. Let me tell you plainly, the fruit of the true grain, hear me now, the fruit of the true grain is a burning love for the spirit and truth. It longs for holiness. It longs for communion with God and for a living word. Oh my. not to adorn your walls in a collection but to be made flesh to live in you. But the fruit of the tear is different. It loves this shell of religion. It clings to ritual and form and to intellectualism and to the safe and you know sanitized version of Christianity. It it's content with just tradition ceremony performance. You know, it it gives a lukewarm nod to the spirit but has no hunger for its fire. Let me tell you, this is the hour we must discern. And don't be fooled by appearances. What looks like wheat may have no life in it. What sounds like truth may have the echo of lies. The spirit and the word agree. They're calling out a people who will not bow to the image of man-made religion but will stand in the fire and will shine like the son of God. So while the sin and rebellion of course we know it began in heaven on earth its origin was in Eden. Let's visit Eden for a moment. In the very center of that beautiful place, in the very center of it were two trees. There was the tree of life. You know what that was? It was a symbol of Christ and the living word made flesh and it represent the the the unfiltered spirit breathed life of God. That's what it represented. And then on the other hand, there was a tree of knowledge of good and evil, a symbol of religion without the spirit, truth contaminated with error, a mixture of light and darkness, deadly precisely because it seemed so right, so good. It was so appealing. They're branches. Brother Brandham tells us in the church ages they likely intertwined, you know, interwoven together forming the same canopy. So you could be there under the shade of both of them. But make no mistake, one gave eternal life and the other brought death. And this ancient pattern repeats itself through the Bible. and right on down into the New Testament church continued right down to this present age. It, my friends, is the trail of the serpent. Now, let me tell you that ancient conflict did not end in Eden. It walked right down into the church. Remember, they were God's church in Eden. Come on. That was God's cathedral and two trees were growing in it. And the battle of of the two trees became the battle of the two seeds. Yeah, cuz you see right then, right after, you know, right there, right from the knowledge from that evil one, right from the knowledge, the he would call it revelation passed on from the serpent. It was sown in the womb of Eve, both a Cain and an Abel. Think of that. two sons, two altars, two worshippers, but only one born of revelation. The Bible says, "Not as Cain who was of that wicked one." Cain, he was actually misidentified by Eve as a man from the Lord and was rejected by God. You see, Abel, you know, accepted. Why? Because only one had the life of the word. And that pattern continued in Abraham's household. There were two sons. There was Ishmamail born of doubt and human effort. Oh my. I wonder how many even today are born of doubt and human effort. Come on. Amen. And Isaac born by faith and of a supernatural promise. His birth was supernatural. Amen. So must be the birth of the church, not our human efforts of trying to live right and do right and dress right and act right and conform. You can put anybody in the uniform of a Christian. That don't make them a Christian. Amen. You've got to be born again by the Holy Spirit and your life transformed by a new birth. Amen. Notice this. As I said, there was Isaac born by faith and of the promise. And here it comes to its head. It actually comes to time when the grown when when when Ishmael is grown up and the word comes cast out the bondswoman and her son for the son of the bondswoman shall not be heir with the son of the free woman. You see this prompted the prophet of God in this age to to declare the seed shall not be heir with the shuck. Come on. The plant though a carrier of the life will not go in the garner. I'm going to deal with it for a little bit today. You cannot go on the your past. It ain't how you used to be with God and where you was once with God. It's what are you now? Right? We're going to have to really look at oursel and examine oursel in the scripture as the Bible said, "Examine yourself to see if you're in the faith." Let he that thinkketh he stand take heed lest he fall. It's a moment of checking up. Now Isaac was accepted. The seed of the promise Ishmael was cast out the seed of the flesh. One born by the will of man, the other by the will of God. And the divide is always the same. We we we can see it continue right on in Esau and Jacob, twins sharing the same womb, but possessing different destinies. One despised the birthright, the other pursued it with everything he had. I tell you what, I I I just want you to know if you're pursuing the birthright, even if you hadn't got it, it's a good sign. You're a seed of God. Amen. And on through history, this mystery, it weaves, you know, two vines, two spirits, two churches, two brides, the bride of Christ and the bride of Satan. And Jesus himself prophesied in Matthew 13, the weed and the tears would grow together, side by side, the same field, under the same sun, drinking the same rain, bathed under the same spirit, and sometimes even shouting under the same anointing. Now, let them grow together to the harvest. You'll hear me repeating this. And in this final hour, both are reaching maturity. Outwardly, both call theirel Christians, believers. Both lift their hands and both s sing songs and and and both speak of Jesus. But only one is born of incorruptible seed of the word, and the other is a product of subtle deception. Religion with no spirit, form without power, knowledge without life. So, how are we going to tell the difference? Well, I'm going to tell you there's about three things where we can tell the difference. One is time, the other is fruit, and the other is harvest. And you say time. Yeah, time. Because when in the infancy, it's impossible to tell them apart. That's why Jesus said, "Don't go out and pluck them up." Now, in this stage, they look so much like the real. If you pluck them up, you'll pluck up the wheat. Amen. You pluck up what I planted because they look so close. They're babies. And as babies, you know, they they they're all just gentle and cuddly and sweet. But watch and see what they grow up to be. You can raise a lion cub and a lamb together and suck from the same bottle, but one day they're going to raise up and they will manifest their nature. You see again again fruit because by their fruit you will know them. Harvest because at the harvest time every seed brings forth of its kind as the seed reveals itself and shows its true colors. Let me ask you when did brother Brandham say that Judas showed his true colors at Pentecost at receiving the spirit. He said he he went and he went not just denied betrayed the Lord before Pentecost. And you will see this this cycle repeat and repeat and repeat you know where where where there will be those right within the framework of the church itself. And they will they will be ones with Judas had a miraculous ministry. Judas was a good preacher. Judas w was trusted above all the others. He carried the bag. I mean you're not going to give it to Matthew the thief was a he he was a a tax master. you know, he you you're not going to give it to him. He was a cheat. But oh, Judas was so trusted. One of the most trusted ones. Are you with me? Amen. But that but when he come up to Pentecost, he showed his true colors. I'll tell you what, don't you stop shy of getting the the true genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost. Don't you stop shy of a real Pentecostal experience. Amen. So, Cain slew Abel. Ishmael mocked Isaac. Esau plotted against Jacob. Judas betrayed Jesus. And today, the false persecutes the true. And Galatians 4 says, "But he then that was born after the spirit persecuted him that was born after the spirit, even so is it now." And let me tell you, I've got a habit of looking people right straight in the face. But I'm not really talking and saying, "That's you I'm talking about." I don't preach looking at the ceiling or the floor. I look at people when I preach. I'm not I'm not saying you're the false seed. I'm saying I'm looking for a response from you. Are you with me? Amen. I'm looking to see that you're you're zoned in. You're tuned in, not zoned out. Now again, you see the Bible said in Galatians 4:29, "But he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the spirit. Even so is it now." Just consider how many that grew together with us. who were great church members and seem like real believers, were song leaders and deacons and even preachers now manifest what they were all along now lead and persecuting the very message. Amen. They didn't become tears. They were always tears. But now they're manifesting what they were all along. Now this is not merely history. It's prophecy. It's happen right now in our churches, in our pulpits, in our altars. The supernatural gospel, hear me now. It will be ridiculed, criticized, slammed, and resisted. Satan hates the supernatural gospel. He'll do everything he can to discredit it. Now, just as the weed and the tears grow side by side in the same field, so do the true and false vine grow together in the church. Outwardly, both call themselves Christians. Both lift their hands. Both sing songs. Both talk about Jesus, but only once born of the seed of the word. The others a product of deception. For the Bible said, Matthew 24:24, "This is what will plague the last days. For there shall be false anointed ones, false Christs, and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. But did you hear that? If it were possible, even the elect could be deceived, but they can't because they are elect. They're the seed of God. But Jesus said, "By their fruits, you will know them. Amen. The elect, those born of God, they will discern the difference. Why? Because they have the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth dwelling within them. So that's why we cry out this morning, Lord, separate us to the tree of life. Let us be found as a true wheat, not a tear, but true sons, not impostors. Let us be born not of religion, not not of a church, not of a movement, not of tradition, but of the living seed of the word, born by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let us produce the atmosphere. Amen. Where the Holy Ghost can move and birth his sons and daughters. Now, the Ephesian church age, I'm going to talk about them for a moment because this is where it would decline. it would, you know, would get choked out. The spirit of God would be smothered out. And it happened gradually. It didn't happen overnight. Oh, yeah. And in the early days of the church, just before the outpouring of Pentecost or just after, I mean, the outpouring of Pentecost, we begin to see this false vine and it begins to wrap itself around the true and and slowly squeezing out its life. In Revelation 2 and six and verse also verse 15, it tells us about the deed and the doctrine of the nickelans. How many's ever heard of them? Well, let me tell you, it was a spirit of hierarchy, of control, a man-made religion, and God said, "I hate it." Is that right? Yeah. And while the early church really did resist the nickel spirit, but because they grew together in the same movement, the same the true church became drugged down by their influence. Amen. Let me just tell you friends, you know, you don't even want to be influenced. You want to be separate, undeviled. And the Ephesians church was once a blazing with the fire of Pentecost. And it become a place of outward works, you know, without inward warmth. And Jesus is walking among them in the in the lampstands in Revelation 2 and he says verse four, I have someone against you because you left your first love. Oh my, how in the world can the bride be joined to Christ in this last day and don't have the first love? Come on, somebody help me preach. How could we be married? How can a marriage take place and the love is tepid? And there's no real care, no real burden, no no real zeal. You see, they hadn't fallen into gross heresy or or immorality. They were still laboring. They were still enduring. They were basically correcting doctrine. Oh yeah. They were still quoting the apostles. In fact, brother Brandham said they resisted those apostles who said who claimed those false apostles who said they were apostles and were not and found them liars and and and and put their finger in their face and said, "You're not saying what Paul said." They were trying to stand with everything they had, you know, and they they were laboring, enduring, basically correcting doctrine, still quoting the apostle. The Apostle Paul said this, James said this, Jesus said that. All of these other, they're telling personal testimonies of Jesus. We was with him on the boat. I stood there on the shores. I saw the blind eyes open. I heard I heard the deaf speak. I I saw all of this happen. But they had left the flame of their first love, the spirit led in intimacy that marked them at Pentecost. They had left it and were already drifting. That's right. Brother Brandham said they aimed at the high calling but relaxed. Not turn my back on the message. Not deny not true. Not betray. Not ridicule the prophet. just relaxed. Just relaxed. They exchanged a living relationship for religious routine. They exchanged the leadership of the Holy Ghost for the order of man. And what was that first love? It was the freshness of Jesus Christ revealed by the spirit. It was a holy zeal which he challenges and and admonishes us in Leodosia. Be zealous. I tell you what, you know what it tells you to be zealous to do? Repent. Be willing to say I'm wrong. Be willing to take a correction, a change in course. But they lost that burning love for his word, his presence, and the moving of his spirit. That first love was a holy excitement. It was the expectation, anticipation that our brother Aaron was preaching about Wednesday night. And and as I heard him preach, I knew what I was going to deliver this Sunday. So it falls right in order. And maybe you don't feel like this is very positive, but I mean sometimes you have to look at the negative to to realize, hey, you know, this is the direction I don't want to go. It was like the first days of Acts, the Bible said in Acts 2:42, "And they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and breaking of bread and prayers and and fear came upon every soul, and many wonders and signs were done. But as time passed and time is passing, a different spirit crept in. And then we see the rise of religious tamina contamination shown in Acts chapter 15 that I talk about very often. Acts 15:1. And certain men taught the brethren. It come in as a teaching. Except you be circumcised unto the manner of Moses, you cannot be saved. And salvation became from out of tradition and works rather than experience. How is it possible? I often ask this question. I I I I I get why why I can't wrap my mind around it sometimes. How is it possible that Pharisees who had once persecuted Jesus showed up in the book of Acts church? How could they be believers and still a Pharisees? When when Paul was converted, he trashed and discarded Phariseism. He flung it away from him and he said, "I count it all as as loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Jesus Christ, my Lord, for whom I've suffered the loss of all things and to count them as dung that I may win Christ." Brother, he he flung it so far away from him as something unimpure, unclean. Even though I'll tell you phariseism had all the trapping trappings of holiness and purity and righteousness and form and legalism and yet even the apostle Paul was washed of all of that. Yet the early church was not. Verse five of chapter 15. But there rose up certain of the sect of Pharisees which believed, saying that it is needful to circumcise him and command them to keep the law of Moses. And you see, they believed. Listen to me now. They believe the message. They acknowledged at least some of its truths. You know, but they but they clung to an expired dispensation. They were trying to bring the early church back under the law when Christ had already fulfilled it. And the Holy Ghost had already fallen on the Gentiles. And it happened without circumcision. Showing that the true circumcision is of the heart in the spirit and not in the letter. Amen. They bypass the new birth somehow. They bypassed a real upper room experience that circumcision of the heart and they tried to bind new believers now with traditions and dead rituals. They denied the fiery cutting spirit baptism that cut off flesh and circumcised the heart and mix the message with traditions of the past. And that made the the message a hybrid gospel by mixing the words of Jesus with the traditions of men and thereby made the word of God of none effect. It wasn't good enough to be filled with the spirit. It wasn't good enough to be be saturated with the fire of God until you stammered and spoke in other tongues and other lang. It wasn't good enough. It was now you must you must have these certain traditions and works. You know, we replace that with I just believe the message. I just confess Christ as a savior, you know, which is equal to brother Bradom talking about shaking hands with the pastor and being accepted into the church. Let me tell you, that's not a new birth. No sir, they bypass the new birth. made a hybrid gospel. And this was the beginnings of the false vine. The religious system that would choke out the spirit with creeds, councelss, and carnal reasoning. It would leave the church with a name that lives but is dead. And soon the church began to decline and lose its power. Think of that. The name, that phrase comes from Revelation 3:1, a name that thou lives but is dead. And it's Jesus message to this church at Sardis. I know your works. That you have a name that you live and are dead. What in the world does that mean? What does that mean to us today? Does it even have any meaning? Has it lost his meaning? Well, I'll just tell you to to have a name that lives means to appear alive. To have a reputation or form or outward success that looks spiritual or vibrant and alive in the world's eyes and maybe have a rich history of revival or spiritual beginnings. This is what all denominations do. They point back to their founders. We're of Wesley. We're the Wesleyan Methodists. We are we're we're we're from John Smith. We we believe in and in and Luther and just shall live by faith. You see, they they they revail in what God did in the past. I I read the other day, you know, where a poor Baptist friend of mine was crying because the church sits empty and nobody's coming. you know, they they Wednesday night there's nobody there. Sunday, they're not coming. Why? And and and and why is it? Because because, you know, they they were relying on something from the past and nothing was up fresh and up to date. And I'll tell you what, right now, I don't care who you are, whether it's me or you, you've got to keep a fresh and upto-date experience with God. You cannot let it slip. So you see, this is what denominations always do. Do they have maybe reflect on ah the past a history of revival spiritual beginnings and not only are denominations prone to do that but we're prone to do today the same when we revail in the spirit where God healed and God delivered in the divine healing movements of the vortis and 50 but then deny that Christ is still the same. You see, that's a name. That's a reputation of of living. But now, but now expectations that brother Aaron preached about are dead. Oh, no. They're dead. You know, it's dead. But we are taught to believe the Holy Ghost is just a mere confession that when that we believe the message without an experience of that holy baptism of fire that cleanses from sin, Let me tell you, a dead church can only produce dead children. Out of a dead woman comes stillborn children. Out of a dead church is still born children. But so it strips our joy. I'm not preaching this to condemn you. I I'm preaching this for you. You can discern truth from error. Amen. It strips our joy. It condemns emotion. It removes the power. It denies and condemns the supernatural. And zoom the church is a lifeless group whose only weapon is argument. Or maybe maybe you know uh they adhere to doctrinal truths or a famous name like denominations do and now we are prone to do. Hear me now. We believe the thunders and we truly do. We believe the presence and we really do. Amen. We are in the message and we truly are. We're in the open in the word and that's a fact. And we're in the third pull and that's an absolute truth. But all these are names that you are living. But Jesus sees past the the surface. Amen. Though the church had a name of being alive, he says plainly, you're dead. You got a name that you're living. You got a name. You're in the third book. You already got a name. You're in the opening of the word, but you're dead. And that means spiritually in the eyes of God, the church lost its connection to the life source, Jesus Christ himself. So what causes a church to be dead in God's eyes? I want to bring you back just a moment. The capstone's coming crying grace, grace. And if it wasn't for grace, we'd all wound up dead because a cycle of revival and death never fails. But somebody, somebody, some church, some believers, somewhere is going to break the cycle. Amen. I say be one of them. Let that be your high and holy calling. I'm breaking the cycle. I'm breaking the cycle of formalism. I'm breaking the cycle that takes God out of the church. I'm breaking the cycle where there's no supernatural. I'm breaking the cycle of sin, unbelief. I'm breaking the cycle. I will be an overcomer. I will not be defeated. I will rise. I will not fall. But what causes a church to be dead in God's eyes? Lack of Holy Spirit leadership. For the letter killth, but the spirit gives life. A church may have good, correct doctrine and still be dead because it lacks the anointing, the presence, the guidance of the Holy Ghost. What causes him to be dead in God's eyes? Form without fire, structure without the spirit, having a form of godliness, you'll hear me quote this, but denying the power thereof. Continuing on in motions, songs, sermons, ceremonies. They have the right form, but the fire is gone. No Holy Ghost fire, no power, no conviction, no tears, no brokenness, no miracles, no gifts of the spirit, no do new birth, no moving of the spirit. And then reputation without relationship. This causes, you see, they had a reputation. I'm living. I got a name. A reputation. They had a strong reputation among men. But Jesus wasn't impressed. Oh, no. He really sees what's on the inside. You know, the life of Christ was no longer flowing. He wasn't the sinner anymore. And many Christians have a strong reputation of being a Christian for many years, but the relationship with Christ has grown cold. Oh no, not us. Not us. Uhuh. We're the bride. We're We're in the message. We're in the present truth. Well, let me just pass on this warning from the prophet of God. He says, I want to give a warning right here. It says concerning the last days because of abounding iniquity the love of many will wax cold. You know that is a prophecy of the end time in the leoty in her last days self love and love for material things will take the place of the true love of God. And we need to guard against the power of sin in these last days. So many are getting so hard because they hadn't realized the effect of this last day spirit. It is time to draw nigh to God and let him fill our lives with his love or we will feel the coldness of the last day church and reject the truth of God which alone is able to help us. So here's another thing that causes a church to be dead in God's eyes. Resting on the past. Look at your neighbor and say, "Resting on the past." You see, Cardis had a powerful beginning, but failed to press on. Like Israel eating yesterday's mana, they were now feeding on spoiled bread. Truce once fresh but not void of the spirit. Now, brother Brandham talks about this in question answers on the seals and he explains that as a nation we're broke and we are. He was saying that back then. Wow. You can't imagine how we are now. 36 trillion in debt. David, stand up. You, my son, owe $1600,000. You're in debt and you hadn't even taken out your first bank loan. Thank you. You see, we spent more than we've earned, not only in dollars, but values. We're not living in strength. We're surviving off of the faded glory of of a past reputation. And tragically, that's the same condition that crept into the church. And I I'm not talking about the bride of Christ cuz I I believe she's being called out and awakened. I'm I'm not only talking about the organized rel denominational church world, but also, forgive me, the tears in the message movement. And sorry, there's tears and chaff. Just like this nation, too many are surviving over what it used to be, not what it is now. They said, "We're the church. We're the mother church. We're we were there in the beginning." And that may be true. The Methodists had their fire. The Baptist had their convictions. The Pentecostals had their outpouring. And the message started out in power and demonstration. But where is it now? Kabad has been written over the door of the glory departed. And this has happened to far too many. I pray it's not on your door or my door or this church. We don't ever want that. In Jesus day, the temple worship was a hollow religion. It was filled with tradition that was handed down from the past. And when the veil was opened, when it was rent that day on Calvary, it exposed the mercy seat. And guess what? It opened it up for everybody to see. There was no God there. My goodness. That's what happened at Calvary when Jesus died. The the it was the temple veil rent from top to bottom. There was no shakina glory. There was no pillar of fire. There was only the trappings of and symbols of a past move of God. And the spirit of God wasn't there. And that's what happened in this day when the veil was open on religious system. It showed there's no God inside there. No pillar of fire, no anointing, no Holy Ghost. It's gone. So therefore, everybody's boasting about what used to happen. Oh, I remember when saints danced in the spirit. Well, maybe you're too ashamed of that memory. Oh, when the power of God fell, when oh, when miracles took place. And let me tell you, I I truthfully thank God for whatever he did in the past. Amen. But the danger is this. They're living off the memory and not the reality. Jesus said, "You make the word of God have none effect through your tradition." And the church has long gotten big and refined and powerless. And and in other cases, they they become smaller with no new births, fewer baptism, and even rare. Yes. very rare services where the spirit moves and the shout of the king has long gone from their services. Well, brother Jim, our church, we we're just not in the spirit of revival. Shame on you. We're in the bride's revival. How could we not be in the spirit of revival? How could we not have Holy Ghost pouring when he said, "I'll pour out my spirit on all flesh." That means you and you and you and you can be recipients of the divine power of God. Oh yeah. I don't I don't mean to, you know, to point anybody out. I I don't mean to embarrass anybody or any other church or any other thing. I'm not trying to say we got it and you don't. That's not exact. That's not my motive at all. I'm I'm saying every one of us, we need to check up and make sure that if the veil was open of our heart, Jesus Christ is sitting on the inside in the altar of our heart. That it's not the facade of religion. It's not a beautiful out show, but it's a real genuine flowing of the Holy Spirit in our lives. So, Israel of all, they boasted of their heritage, but they lost their fire. And I don't care if a church is only four or five people. If the fire is gone out, if the passion isn't there, if there's no revival in the midst, then you have a form of godliness while you deny the power. make excuses for why it's not there. Don't you see? That's exactly what happened to Israel. They thought that God would preserve them because of what Abraham, Moses, and David had done. But when Jesus came, the word made flesh, they rejected him. So will they reject the Holy Spirit today. As Jesus said, don't you think to say within yourself, we've got Abraham as our father. For I say unto you, God is able of these stones to raise up children of Abraham. God doesn't preserve a people based on what they were, but on what they are right now. Amen. It didn't matter that Israel once had the glory cloud and and the fire when they rejected the word of the hour of judgment came. And we in America, we're in the same boat. Don't matter how many times we got a Statue of Liberty that we we show uh show in our harbor or how many times we we we wave the proud flag and say we stand for liberty and all of this stuff like that. We're in the same boat. So hear me. I'm going to tell you the bride is not living on memory. She's living by the voice of the bridegroom. Hallelujah. The word to her is effective. It's lifegiving. It is powerful and lifech changing. My sheep hear my voice and I know them. They follow me. Said Jesus. We're not feasting on crumbs from yesterday's revival. We're feasting and dining on the hidden mana of today. We're not bound by man-made traditions. We're walking in step with the spirit. The word is alive and fresh to them. And the spirit is still anointing. Well, I tell you what, that's the way it ought to be this morning. Amen. The spirit is still anointing us. The spirit is still moving upon us. People that are still rejoicing, who lift their leaves or hands and clap them together as the winds blow through the church, the winds of the spirit. Come on, somebody who only gets deeper and deeper and deeper when the winds of the spirit blows. So what will it be for us? Will we be le oysia rich in increase of goods and need of nothing while Jesus stands on the outside knocking? Or will we return not just to our roots but to the living word to the fire of the spirit to the power and the purity of Christ in us the hope of glory. Think of this. I want to say don't live on repetition. How many among us have been Christians for more than 50 years? How's my hands up too? You can't live on your reputation. No matter how long, how established, how once you loved the Lord and walked in truth, So you see, you can't live on repetition. Let me just say this. Brother Brandham talked about this and I'm going to read it to you from how can I overcome and he preached on this and he preached it. He said because the church needed to step higher. So again, a message like this is not to push you down. It's so you can step higher. Yes. So when when he preached, how can I overcome? It came to him when he was crossing what he called a creek, a creek, a branch. You ever drink branch water? Well, a branch is a branch off of the main stream. It's a creek. Maybe it's a feeder creek comes into the into the one, but nevertheless, it's a branch. And he was walking over this branch, this creek, this creek, Louisiana, this bio, South Louisiana, this bayou. And he stepped on an old log that was laying across it. And when he did, he almost fell in the creek because a big chunk of it fell off. It was rotted and he called it dirty. And I want you to say that log once had a reputation. I stood tall in the forest. I swayed in the breeze. My hands clapped as the spirit moved. I rejoiced. Oh, I drank from the water of this of this creek. I once was alive, but now I'm dead. And brother Brandon said, you take a Christian that's supposed to be a Christian and let the life of God goes from him and experience the joy of serving Christ and living in a church because that tree was living in the water where such is going on. He rottens twice as quick living right under. And so if we're trying to follow the message of the hour, how many is doing that? Or at least this part of the message, we shouldn't live constantly in the life of Christ. Cuz if you don't, you lay around and you know these things that you're supposed to do and don't do it. And the Bible said, "He that knoweth to do good and doeth not to him, it's sin." Then you become dirty, rotten when you're separated from the life of God. So strive with all that's in you to stay in the life of Christ that you be fruitbearing. We see this age we're living in is one of the grandest of our ages of all this leodyian church grandest of all the church ages because it's the ending of time the blending of eternity. And then it's the greatest sinful age is more sin in this age than there's ever been. And the powers of Satan is many times harder to fight than was in any age. Here back in the early age, the Christian could for his profession of being a belonging to Christ could be beheaded for it. He could be killed or put out of his misery and and and go to meet God quickly. But now the enemy has come in in the name of the church. And it's so deceiving. This is a great age of deception. When Christ said the two spirits would be so close in the last days, it would deceive the very elect if it was possible. Remember Christ spoke of elected people in this last day. It would deceive the very elected if it were possible. So close. Now listen people so live can live people can live clean holy life not be sinful adulterers drinkers and liars and gamblers. They can live above that and still not with it. This is the age of life, the personal life of Christ. Think of this, the age of life, the personal life of Christ. We cannot just have forms of godliness. I don't steal. I don't smoke. I'm not a drunkard. I I'm a good person, Brother Tim. You don't. But do you have his life? That's the important thing. Is that life there? You see, it's a deception that grows through the ages just as Eve was was deceived by misapplying in her age. So, the church is being deceived by holding to the truth of a past season while rejecting the word for the hour. So 2 Thessalonians 3 and 2 and 3 and 4 says that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that man of sin be revealed who opposes exaltes himself above all that is called God so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. Now let's talk about that for a minute. The temple is no longer a building in Jerusalem. It's the church. It's the body of believers. And this prophecy reveals that the man of sin, Satan incarnate, will sit in the place of worship claiming to be Christ, not in name only, but in authority and influence. And people will think they are worshiping Jesus, but they're worshiping a perverted form of him, a Jesus, a tradition, a system, a religion, and not the word made flesh. And this is a great deception of the end time. They they worship God through a creed. They they deny present truth and all the while embracing past truth. Are you with me? Yet they're sincere. Hello. Oh yeah. But sincerely wrong because they rejected the voice of the word for their day. And he cried out to that first age. Return to your first love. remember from which thou art fallen and repent and do your first works. He said go back to Pentecost or go back to the upper room, back to the fire, back to the word, the spirit walking hand in hand. You say upper room? Well, brother Brandham in the rising of the sun, his last Easter message was still saying you need to close yourself in the upper room till the dynamics come. So every person has to have that experience. And this is the hour where the bride must be separated from the false vine. She will not be deceived. She will recognize her day in this message. She will walk in the spirit in the word and the life and the seed that was planted in the at the day of Pentecost. For he said, "My sheep hear they obey my voice. They follow me." But to this age there, he said, "I've got someone against you. You've left your first love." This really truly echoes the history of Israel after their exodus. They followed a prophet out of Egypt. God led them by supernatural firing cloud by prophetic voice by miraculous power. That's what led them. They rebelled. They demanded laws and creeds and eventually a king. And they, you know, they didn't want a king under the spirit. They wanted a man to lead them like other nations. And God would say to to to Samuel said, Samuel, they have not rejected you. They've rejected me that I should not reign over them. And this is the same spirit that crept into the church. The move of the spirit begin to be replaced with organization or organism instead of feel God's field spiritfilled men that are God called and equipped and anointed by God. And the church begin to look for credentialed leaders, systems of theology, worldly structure, and then lacking the Holy Spirit, they they have to use psychology to solve problems. I tell you what, when we have to use psychology to solve the problems in our midst, we need to shut the door. You know, honestly, honestly, we have very little very little that I have to sit and and counsel with of this problem and that problem. Very little. You know why? Because I teach you need the Holy Ghost and you need to be led by the Holy Ghost. And you need with that own experience then and that you know you can be led by the spirit instead of having to have some man direct you all the time. Come on. Amen. You know, again, I don't I don't mind counseling, giving a little help sometimes. That ain't what I'm trying to say. And maybe you think I'm too mean to come to. I don't know. But I really think it's because that I teach you this that you have your own experience with God and that I don't want to be your Holy Ghost. Amen. I don't want to decide what kind of car you're going to drive and whether you need to buy one or not or whether you need to change jobs or not. I want you to be led by the g by the Lord. Amen. I don't even want to tell you you need to come to this church and you know or you need to move over here or this or yeah this living here needs to come here. I don't do that. I say you find the mind of God. You find the spirit of God. You get led by the spirit of God. You get anchored in him because I'll tell you there's going to be storms. There's going to be troubles. And the last thing I need is a Jonah in my boat. I ain't talking about the baby I dedicated either. I just caught that just in case somebody might get a complex. But a Jonah in the boat is somebody supposed to be going somewhere else and they get in your boat and cause all kinds of trouble. get a revelation of what boat you're supposed to be in. And if you can't trust the leadership of God through the Holy Spirit working through the ministry of the church, find some place you can. But here's the whole deal. Get the Holy Ghost. Let him lead you. Don't be led by feelings. Be led by the spirit. So you see again as it happened you know in in Israel the church begins sliding into apostasy until it would one day completely reject the Holy Ghost. In fact according to the Bible the end time church would actually put Christ outside reject him completely. Leodosa shows him knocking on the outside of the door and they're still singing about him in the church. They're still praying prayers and going through motion and quoting his words and he's on the outside trying to get in, knocking. Then he finally just says, "Hey, forget it. We're not going to reform this old system. Who will whoever whosoever will open the door their door I will come in and suck with them. So you know they rejected him. Let's consider the stages of decline that the early church went through a process that really ought to stir our hearts today as and and bring us a holy fear as we see the message movement decline. When the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost, the church was pure, simple, and full of power. Can you say amen? Amen. Acts chapter 2 said and I quoted it already. They continued daily in the apostles doctrine and breaking bread with gladness, oneness of heart. Everybody was one great sweet group. Many signs and wonders was doing they shared all things in common. They worshiped with sincerity. They they they walked in supernatural power. There was no class. There was no fame. There was no pride. Just a people born of the spirit. Amen. Consumed with the presence of Jesus Christ, so in love with him. They were ignorant and unlearned men whose credentials were. They had been with Jesus. Oh God, let that be our credentials. Amen. Amen. Let that be our credential. I have been with Jesus. And everybody can tell it. But Satan began to come in as something began to shift. Watch now. First thing you know, there were murmuring and division in the church. You see, Satan couldn't stop the outpouring. So, he infiltrated it. He began to sow murmuring and discontent. And the Grecians started complaining that the Jewish widows were being favored and the Grecian widows were neglected in the daily administration. So they made it all a racial thing. You know, they played on prejudice and the enemy whispered in the ears of the church, "You deserve more. you're being overlooked and this isn't fair. We're always getting left out. Ah, they think they're better than anyone else. We're We're just not in the click. Well, I tell you what, if you ain't figured it out yet, I'm a very clickious preacher. I click with everybody in the church. You're all God's children and I love every one of you. My grandchildren, I asked him the other day, you know, Aaliyah said was saying, you know, maybe I was her favorite. I wasn't okay. I said, who is Papa's favorite? She said, well, maybe maybe Luke. Um, then they come up maybe Katie. I said, you know, since you can't figure it out, it shows you I don't have favors. And if you ain't figured out, I don't have favorites. You're all God's children. I love every one of you. Amen. And as far as I'm concerned, we're all in one big click right here. We're clicking with each one of us. Amen. But some, you know, murmuring gets in. You know, why they think they're better than anyone else. and we're not in the click. And slowly because of the murmuring, the unity began to fracture. And now instead of they continued daily with a with with one accord in in the temple, breaking bread from house to house with gladness and singleness of heart, there was resentment and prejudice and murmuring and gossip and tailbearing among believers. But that was only beginning. you you find brother Brandon describe how the devil got in the and took root in the early church and for you if you want to reference it write it down it's in the second seal paragraph 128 through 147 and you know what it started with it started with the quest for respectability and the fall of simplicity and those first converts you know they were mostly slaves the poor the outcasts, the forgotten of society, and they received the Holy Ghost with gladness and went out testifying boldly even to their own masters and their passion and their joy and their their powerful supernatural lives. They could not deny it. God was working among them. And others began to take notice. And soon there were military officers and what you know the centurion for one you know I wouldn't put him in this group but but as as one but here again a man of class a man of authority a man of prestige a man who was wealthy enough that he he was recognized by God for giving arms to the church. Right? So, you know, there came men like that, military officers and Roman captains and people of status and influence. They began to take notice of this powerful uh new faith and and they couldn't ignore the miracles. They couldn't deny the undeniable transformation in people's lives. But there was a problem. And here it is. Pentecost was far too messy for them. Oh, they couldn't reconcile the power of God with the setting it came in. Humble homes, darkened basement, cavelike rooms filled with men and women clapping their hands and shouting and speaking in tongues and weeping on their knees. It like the grander that they were always associated with religion. It was just too disorderly. It just wasn't dignified enough. Oh, God. Brother Brandham preached sermons like this. He preached on it. You You listen to one in 55 called Pride. Amen. I tell you what, you know, pride where they, you know, he said in that sermon, you ought to get out of order once in a while enough to get saved. Amen. We ought to break order every once in a while so the spirit can move. Get out of your dignity, you know, your dignitary ways and your starchy colors and get rid of all of that and let the Holy Ghost have preeminence. For centuries, the Jews and Gentiles, they they have viewed true worship as uh dignified and ceremonial and and and led by highly educated men and great flowing robes and and is speaking in soft tones behind golden altars and magnificent temples. And you remember they even the disciples brought Jesus to look at the ornate structure that Herod had built to look at and showed him the wonders of the temple and he said he said I'll tell you what he said there come a day that there won't be one stone left on another. Amen. He condemned the whole thing. You see, true religion in their minds came with tradition, with great titles, with positions, with the trappings of respectability. And they were used to formal addresses, not fiery spirit-led preaching. They were used to ritual and not revival. Hello. Let me say it again. They were used to ritual and not revival. They were prepared for creeds, not cloven tongues of fire. They were used to formal classy preachers that were mixed in their message with psychology instead of dynamic spiritfilled sermons that changed lives. That went forth with power and healed the sick. Come on, church. Amen. I know the power of this word. I've seen it go forth and and while the preaching of the word is going to people healed right in their seats, people saved right in their seats. Habits leave them right in their seats. Spirits leave them right in their seats. Come on. I know the power of this gospel. But it doesn't come from intellectual preaching. It comes from dynamic Holy Ghost anointing spiritfilled men that fills men and women with the same power. Hallelujah. But they were too used to classy speeches mixed with psychology. These men are full of new wines, they said on the day of Pentecost. To the religious elite, it looked like madness. To the dignified, it looked disgraceful. To God, it was the birth of his church. Hallelujah. So what did they do? What' they do about this? They were embarrassed by Didn't you know, Brother Brandham tells us in one of his last sermons he preaches called ashamed of him. And he said they would be ashamed of speaking in tongues. They would be ashamed of the moving of the spirit. They would be ashamed. Listen, it's coming. It's not only coming. It's already here. Men are ashamed of it. They want to tone it down, quieten it down, you know, move it out of the church. They get embarrassed. Brother Brandon said, "Does it embarrass you to say, "Yes, I believe in divine healing. Yes, I believe in speaking in tongues. Yes, I believe in the moving the spirit." and he prophesies of the church that it would be ashamed of him. So what did they do? They dressed it up. They brought in structure, formality, hierarchy, respectability. They exchanged the fire for form, anointing for acceptance, power for polish. But in trying to make it more presentable to men, they made it less acceptable to God and they rejected the Holy Ghost. So what did the influential do? They tried to dress it up. They softened his edges until they were as Paul described them having this form of godliness but denied power. You see this is always the danger. Hear me. The danger it comes when men try to tame what God has birthed in the fire. I'm telling you church, we shouldn't try to tame it. I've seen it happen too many times. A fire gets started at youth camp and among the young people in the message and they go back to the church and they throw a wet blanket on it. Brother, I would say I wouldn't. We don't do that here and we're not going to do that here. I'm not throwing a wet blanket on. I'm going to blow on it and blow on it and blow on it. Hallelujah. I'm going to add more wood to the fire. Let it blaze higher. Let it consume sin. Let it raise people in righteousness. Let it fill people with the Holy Ghost. Let it empower the believers until devils can't sit in the church anymore. Amen. Until the Holy Spirit reigns in the hearts of men and women and they champion the Holy Ghost in our midst. I'll just tell you right now, the message was never meant to be pretty. It came rough without culture with a seventh grade Kentucky uneducated with halting words. Amen. But with power, with anointing, with supernatural, with the Holy Ghost, undeniably. Come on, somebody. It was never meant to be fitted to human systems. Amen. It was loud. It was raw. It was unpolished. But it was pure. It was real. It was God. Hallelujah. And I don't care how it come. That's the way I want it. It be God. Let it come raw. Let it come pure. Let it come unish. God birthed the church with the power of the spirit, with a supernatural outpouring. He birthed a glorious church and brother, it was emotional. Hello. It vibrated with the spirit. But then Satan swed his seed of discrepancy into the field. Give you some homework. Go listen to see the discrepancy. The womb of the church. Now, not only was there holy church born of the seed of the son of man, but now in the same movement, there was the sewing of the seed of the serpent as he cast his seed quietly in the night. Suddenly, nobody noticed. So out of the womb of the church there was birth the nicicoatan spirit. This is where the nicicoatan spirit crept in. You know what it was? It was to conquer the leoty. Hello. to take the spirit out of the church and put it on one man until there is no longer the power of God in the pew. And the best brother Brandham said we'd have is a few inspired ministers while the people just sat there trying to absorb it. So this is where the nickelan spirit crept in. They desired to replace the Holy Ghost with fire, with religious forms. And God said, "I hate it. How's he going to marry a bride to the age? He can't." No. You see, they wanted to keep the name Christian, but remove the experience. Ah, like many want to do today, keep the name message, but remove the experience. They wanted the teachings of Jesus without the power of Pentecost. They wanted order, not outpouring. They wanted robes instead of righteousness. They wanted titles instead of tongues. They wanted cathedrals instead of communion with God. They couldn't stoop to shout and stagger like drunk men under the power of God. It was embarrassing to their business partners, un unpresentable to their social circle. So they cleaned it up and in doing so they grieve the Holy Spirit. The same spirit deceived Eve. that deception that said, "Yeah, hath God said and quote unquote to do what? For what reason? To sew a seed of discrepancy. It didn't deny the word, it twisted it. It added just enough polish to make it appealing. And just like Eve reached for something more refined and opened her womb for the serpent to sew his seed, so the early church began trading power for polish and presence for for position and truth for tradition and in turn became the horish woman of Revelation 17. You talk about a fall. She started out as the virgin church and winds up being the great And it didn't happen overnight. That's why the Bible said that we should hold on to these things less at any time we should let them slip. And that word actually means like a leaking vessel just going, you know, very very subtly seeping out little at a time till you don't even know it's gone. The church stopped looking like the upper room started looking like Rome. Actually modeled mis mister Babylon. And as dignitaries flooded in, the Holy Ghost was pushed out. And Brother Brandham feared they would take a substitute form of religion. And he warned his church. I'm talking he's talking to believers of his message. He warned his church. And he preached this sermon called a deceived church by the world. Another homework project. And the reason he said that people go and join organizations substitute a handshake instead of a new birth. They're trying to bypass a new birth. They don't want the new birth. They want they know we teach in the Bible and so they want to substitute something for it. And the Pentecostal people are just as bad trying to substitute something. They want it in class. It must be so classy. We'll shake hands and join the church and be sprinkled or baptized or something. They're afraid of the new birth. I believe sometimes believe the Brandham tabernacles getting afraid of it. Now we all know about the birth. I don't care where it is or where it's about. It's a mess. A baby born on a sh pile or a hard floor or in a pink decorated hospital room, it's a mess anyhow. A birth of a calf, a birth of anything else is a mess. And a new birth is nothing less than a mess. But people want us are so starchy. We just go over there where they shake hands. will go where they don't ball and cry and beat on the altar and cry out. You want to be too human. What we need is a birth dying out to bring forth life. A seed, an old potato, a seed potato. You take that potato, put in the ground until you can have a new potato. That potato has to rot. A corn cannot produce new life till it's rotten. And if a man or woman can never have a new birth until their intellectuals and their own self is rotten dead die out at the altar and scream and get messed up to a place that the starch gets out of your collar and you're born again by the spirit of God. He said, "I don't care if you squall." It's direct quote Timothy says, direct quote now. I don't care if you squall, speak in tongues, jump up and down, flop like a chicken with its head off. You're bringing forth new lives. But we substitute something for it. We want it in the classical way. And that same spirit is alive today. It's the poison of the tears among the wheat. Churches are filled with influence, money, psychology, production, performance. But where's the fire? Where's the trembling? Where's the brokenness? We must not forget that God's chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise so that no flesh can glory in his presence. We don't need a dressed up gospel. We don't need a polished up message. We need a raw unfiltered power of the Holy Ghost like they had in the beginning. We need to go back first stage, you know, back to that fire, back to the real reality of the original Pentecost, back to the weed and away from the tears. So, let me just kind of wind us down with this as I just ask, you know, and I'm not talking about, you know, I'm I'm just talking about the movement worldwide. Where is the power of our church? Where is the glory that once burned with such fire? What happened to us? too much. We have traded the power of God for the wisdom of men. Pulpits are filled now and you're going to see them rise with polished intellects, psychologists instead of burning hearts with a Holy Ghost anointing. Oh, our churches becomes stiff, formal, cold. Can I say dead? made in such a way that they put the spirit out. Like the Bible says in Revelation 3, the mortar's bench has been shoved into the basement. Tears are rare. Shouts of victory or silence and the fire has gone out again. Left with a form of godliness. But believe the power was for another day, not now. I look over here and I see Sister Genie. Satan's attacked her again with cancer. She don't need a powerless church. She don't need a faithless group of people. She needs a people that believes in the power of the living God and sees it work among us. And we have. But we can't look back to the past. We must bring that current. We must declare he's alive today. He's real today. He heals today. He's in this service today. He'll fill with the Holy Ghost today. He'll charge you with new life today. Oh God, I say, set us on fire. Fill us with the Holy Ghost. Pour out your spirit once more, Lord. Once more. Hallelujah. Don't let it g be a time where we just talk about where the spirit moved freely, where saints danced in the spirit, where they wept on the altar, where they spoke in other tongues. And we sit back now with arms folded, hearts and moved and cold and formal and lukewarm. And even when God performs his word with signs and wonders, we get barely stirred. Like Samson, we once carried the anointing and we were a terror to hell, but now Samson, the Philistines is on you. What are we going to do? And I speak collectively in regard to the message movement. Yeah, we have bigger churches. Yes, we have greater numbers. But I ask, where is the Holy Ghost? That's all that matters. Where is the real power? And I want to say I'm not condemning nice buildings. We have nice buildings. But I tell you what, rather than plush pews, I want to see pews are on fire. I want to be a rather than sophisticated people, I want to see people humble enough to be sensitive to the spirit and move in the spirit. I want to see a people that are alive. Amen. In the power of God, who flows in the spirit. Amen. who are part of a tree that has been restored instead of a dead tree that's laying as a lifeless trunk across a bra to make a bridge for somebody to cross. The devil didn't do it all at once. Oh, he'll whisper, "You got a nicer building now. Hey, tone it down. Tone it down, brother Tim. You know, you you can tone it down. You know, and you get to thinking, if you just get rid of that fiery preacher and get somebody respectable, I tell you, somebody more educated, more eloquent, no more dignified. Well, why? Our church will really expand. Why? You'll appeal to the better class. There ain't no better class than God's people. You're the best class that there is. Hallelujah. You're You're Hallelujah. You're in God's class. You may not equate with the world. You may not compare with them. And we don't want to be like them. We don't want their formal religion. We want the power of the living God. We want him to move freely. Hallelujah. We want him to speak. We want him to heal. We want him to deliver. We want him to set free. We want to fill him with the Holy Ghost. And we should say this morning, God, once more, fill my temple. Fill my temple with a fresh anointing, a fresh spirit, a fresh outpouring. I'm here to yield myself to you, Lord. I can't live on past reputation. Let the musicians come. I must press in with all of my heart. Amen. Amen. Do you know here recently in Europe and I don't want to be specific. I don't want to hurt nobody so I'm going to be very general here at a camp meeting there were young people gathered from other countries all gathered to this one camp meeting. And in that camp meeting they had some Bible belt Holy Ghost anointed preachers. that preached under the power of the Holy Ghost. And do you know it traumatized some of the young people, some of the girls come crying and screaming to some of the elders and saying, "We we're not used to kind of this kind of preaching." It frightens us because they had never heard anointed preaching. They had never heard anything but intellectual lectures by dead pastors. And the spirit of God was so foreign to them. And when the spirit of God is so far into the church that they know nothing about casting out devils, they know nothing about the spirit of God moving. They know nothing about the Holy Ghost and a genuine in infilling. When it gets to that place, they have a name that they're living but are dead. I want to know, are you a Christian by name only? Are you a message believer by name only? If the veil was opened in your heart, is the pillar of fire there? I want to know, are you living on past reputations when he raised down his hand for me? Are you living on past reputations or what you once were? Have you lost that first love has murmured got in your heart and you no longer can break the bread the singleness of heart and unity of the spirit. He's reaching down for you today. [Music] Let him speak. Let him talk to you in a personal way. And you examine your life. Where am I? [Music] If the voice would change, [Music] if it would change from the voice to the trumpet, would you hear the call? Are you a bride prepared to meet the bridegroom? Or is there things in your life you just really need to deal with? Then be zealous and repent. When he reached down his hand for me, I'm so thankful he did. He's reaching down this morning. [Music] Well, I was lost. I was undone without God. [Music] One more time. Sing it. [Music] Is your wall on the altar? Is the murmur gone out of your heart? Are you still just worried about clicks and clams and everything else rather than the sweetness of the Holy Spirit that makes us all one? Is it time to really dedicate your life a new or maybe dedicated for the first time? This altar is open. You are invited. The spirit of the bride say come. When he reached down his hand for me. Oh, and he reached way down for me. Well, I was lost. I was undone. God bless you, son. There's more. There's more. Just find your place there. I just need to pick up some things before God. Just invite him to your view where you're at right now. Well, I was near this family when he came to me. Look what he showed me. He showed me it is that I Yes, I could be free. Thank you, Lord. and he live in my what he wants to do for you. Name glory complete when he reach down his hand for me. Come on, sing it to him now. Oh, and he reached down his hand for me. Thank God for me. Well, when he just make that close down. Amen. For me, [Music] well, I was born [Music] without God reach down. Give me another verse, Katie. Well, once my soul was from the heaven and it was rich and [Music] as could be. Oh, but my savior, your love, he gave me peace, joy and love. Oh, he reached down his hand. Minister, if we need to pray with thee some reach down his hand on me. [Music] Oh, and he reached way down for me. Well, I was lost at the D without down. Now my heart does rejoice since I my to him. Now I plead [Applause] and now I lean on his arms. Love secure from all his for me. Oh, and he re way down for me. [Music] Well, I was wrong. I could have done without God or his son. Give me that verse again. I was near in despair. I was near in despair when he came to them and he showed me free. And then he lifted my feet. He gave me glory come down [Music] for me. Many time [Music] he reach way down for me. Well, I was Lord I was undone without God and he reach down. Let's sing that part again. How my heart does rejoice. If you can rejoice in that today, sing it with all your heart now. Since he made me his choice from the temple to him. Now I'm complete you are. Amen. Oh yes. [Music] Secure all [Music] down his hand for me. Lift your hands now and thank God for it. The rain down his hand for me. Oh, reach way down for me. Well, I was lost for without God only down. Raise your hands now to him and just waving before the Lord. Say, "Thank you, God. Thank you for reaching down for me. Thank you, Lord, for what you did in my life. You saved me from a life, a life of sin. Lord, you set me free to serve you. I want to say I thank you. I love you. I praise you. I glorify your name because you are worthy, Lord. How we bless your name, Lord. How we bless your name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We love you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's sing that song. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's just worship God together. Just take a moment. Come on. Just press a little bit into the spirit. Give me a Yes, Lord. I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. You are the life. Amen, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Thank you, Lord. I bless your name. Give me a verse tonight. their shame with bleeding stripes. [Music] All silence [Music] they pray that night. Here it is. And in their pain, He began to sing. What happened? Their chains were loose and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor [Music] and I give you praise. You are the life. You are the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] A midnight hour. Oh, it's a midnight hour right now. If you should find Oh, you don't have to stay in prison. You're in a prison. [Music] in your mind. [Music] Here's what you got to do now. Goodbye. Good defy. Oh, and here's the promise. Happy days will fall. Oh, yes. In Jesus name. I bless your name. Hallelujah. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the light. [Music] You are you [Music] the truth the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. You, oh Lord, are the deep that I have searched for. The ever flowing fountain my heart always thirsts for. You're the one who makes me whole. You're the lover of my soul. And whatever comes my way, I know you're in control. And blessed be, blessed be, blessed be your name. [Applause] Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Blessed be you, oh Lord. And you, oh Lord, are a strong and mighty tower, an ever presence of hell. Oh, in my darkest hour. You're my hiding place. You're the ancient of days. You're the rock on which I'm standing. You are worthy of my praise. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be your name. [Music] Blessed be. Oh, blessed. Oh, blessed be. Let your people and let your people proclaim you are holy. Oh, you are holy God. We lift up your name and give gloryy. Oh, glory. Say it again now. Say, let your people proclaim you are holy. You you are holy God. We lift up your name and give gloryy. Oh glory to your name. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. And you have tore apart. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh hallelu. And the God who fights for me. Oh yes. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. You have to you have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh hallelu. I won't forget the wonders of how you grow. deliverance, the exodus of my heart. You found me. You freed me. Held back the water for my release. Oh Yahe. [Applause] And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every. Say hallelujah. Oh hallelu and you have torn apart. Oh you led me through the deep. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelu. A cloud by day is a sign that you are with me. The fire by night is the guiding light. Oh, can you say I'm thankful? You found me. You freed me. Help back the wall for my release. Oh, Yahe. [Applause] And you're the God who fight for me. Lord of everything. Oh, say hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you have to upon the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Say, you're the God. You're the God who fights for me. [Music] Oh halleluah hallelu you have to poured apart the sea through the deep hallelu hallelu the spirit of the lord Oh yes. Hallelujah. Where the spirit of the Lord [Music] say I am free. [Music] Oh, where the spirit of the Lord [Music] one more time. Where the spirit there is freedom and you stepped into my you took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the promised land. Now I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. There is swallowed up forever. By the fury of your love, you stepped into my heels. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into. And I will not forget you. Lord, I'll sing. Your death is swallowed up forever by the fury of your love. And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every name. Oh hallelujah. Say hallelu. And you have toart. You have led me through the deep valley. Oh, hallelujah. Say, you're the God. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of everything. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelu. You have Oh, you will let me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Jesus paid it all and all to him I love. Sin had left a crimson stain. He won. Oh, I'm glad that Jesus paid it all. Oh. Oh, sing and let a crimson sing. He wash. Sing it again now. Say Jesus came all to him. My own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He won. Oh, I know Jesus paid it all. Oh, to him our own. Sin had left criminals. He walk [Music] Jesus Messiah the name above all name. Oh blessed redeemer Immanuel, the rescue for sinners, [Music] the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah, the Lord of all. Oh, he's Jesus M the Messiah. [Music] Oh above all. Oh blessed redeemer. Blessed redeemer. Oh, he's Emmanuel and the rescue for sinners. Ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, set Jesus the son. Oh, he's the Lord. Oh, sing it again. Jesus. Yeah. Jesus Messiah. He's the name above all things. Blessed redeemer. Oh, he is Emmanuel and the rest of Amen. He's the rescue from hell. Oh, Jesus Messiah. Oh. Oh. Let's see it one more time. Jesus Messiah. Jesus Messiah. Oh name above all things. He is blessed redeemer [Applause] manuel. He's the rescue for sin. [Music] Heaven the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus the son. He's the Lord of all. Hallelujah. How many believe he's Lord of all? Amen. Jesus the Messiah. I'm glad he's my Lord today. And Gabriel is here. He has accepted the Lord as his savior. He's called on his name. He's believed on the Lord. He's repented of his sins. And the old Gabe, we're going to bury in this watery grave. That's what this is. It's a grave. And we're laying him in this coffin, burying him in this water baptism. But you know what? He's going to raise in the newness of life. Not the old Gabe raising. No, he won't never resurrect again, but this will be him walking in the newness of life as a new creation in Christ Jesus. That's what we believe. Amen. He told us to repent and then to be baptized in his name. Then he gave us a promise. We shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Now, John would declare himself as a baptizer, and he said, "I baptize you with water, but there's one coming after me, and he will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire." I am John the Baptist. I can baptize with water. I cannot feel with fire, but there is one that promises to come after me that will baptize him with the Holy Ghost and fire. Pearly thoroughly purge his floor. Burn up the chaff out of his life. Make him complete full seed of God, grain, the elect, ready for the rapture. Amen. Gabriel, God has sent me as a servant of his to preach the gospel. And he commanded me in the scripture. Matthew 28:19 said that we should we should get men to repent and to be baptized in the name of the father and of the son and the holy ghost in obedience to his divine command. I baptize you in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Walk in the newness of life, son. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He didn't bring us this far just to leave us. Oh, he didn't teach us to swim to let us drown. He didn't build his home. Made us through. Oh, he didn't pick us up. Let us Oh, let's sing it one more time before we're dismissing. He didn't this far to leave us. And he didn't just swim to let us grab. [Music] He didn't build us in us through way. Amen. God bless you. If you're available to help move yourself out of the gym, it would be appreciated. Oh, he didn't bring us this far just to leave us. Oh, he didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. He didn't build his home in us to move away. Didn't pick us up.
