################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Bro. C. Simmons Your Next Steps - C Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    Bro. C. Simmons: "Your Next Steps"
Speaker:  C Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5IX1nSurgo
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] I don't know. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We'll worship him this [Music] morning. We worship you in the spirit. We worship you in the truth. My love for you is genuine and pure. Your majesty is amazing. And that's who you are to me. In your presence I want to be. We worship you in the spirit. We worship you in the truth. My love for you is genuine and pure. Your majesty is amazing. And that's what you want to me. your friend where I want to be. We worship you in the spirit. We worship you in the truth. My love for you is genuine and pure. Your majesty is amazing and that's what you are me in your presence where I want to be. Oh, we worship you in the spirit. We worship you in the truth. My love for you is genuine and pure. Your majesty is amazing. And that's what you are to me. In your presence where I want to be. We worship you. We worship you in the spirit. We worship you in the truth. My love for you is you are pure. Your majesty is amazing. And that's what you want me in your presence where I want to be. Um at this time ask brother Fred to lead us in a word of prayer. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you for allowing us to stumble ourselves together again, Lord. Oh God, you said in Hebrews 10 said as these evil days approaching, don't neglect assem yourself together and provoking one another into love. Oh God, we ask you Lord that you would just come in our midst, Lord. And God, help us to be genuine and true. Oh God, we realize Lord that we living in some evil days, Lord. And oh God, we don't know whether to believe what we hear and sometime what we see. Oh God, we realize you say it in your word, Lord, that the spirit touches the natural. When things get rough in the spirit, the spirit will get began to reveal itself to his children. God said he promised us that he wouldn't keep nothing from his children. He would show us all things that's coming our way. Lord, we love you, Lord. We ask you, Lord, that you would just help us to be genuine and true to you. Oh God, we ask you, Lord, that you would just bless the song service, Lord, and bless the singers, Lord, and let it be a sweet smelling savior in the summer. And God, most of all, Lord, bless the word as it come forth. Show yourself alive in it. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. [Music] Jesus said, "If you lean on me," Jesus said, "If you lean on me, Jesus said, I won't let you fall." [Music] If you [Music] say Jesus said you can Jesus said if you I won't let you fall. I will bear your burdens. Oh, I will bear your burden. I will bear your burden. I won't let you go. When the love gets heavy. Oh, when the love gets heavy, you can't. Oh, when the love is you, I will let you go. If you Oh, the be the you. I will let you if you don't have you don't have to worry. Oh, you don't have to worry. Oh, you don't have to worry. If you I will let you fall. If you me, I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. You can lean on me. You can lean on me. You can leave me if you lean on me. Jesus said you I won't let you fall if you lean on me. [Music] Lean on me. At this time, we'll ask uh Sister Pan to come give us a song. [Music] I love to praise him. I love to praise. I love to praise him. Praise him. I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Oh, I love to praise his I love to praise him. I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Oh, I love to praise him. Well, he's my rock. And he's my will. Yes, he is. He will never let Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you crazy. I love the way I love. I love the way. I love the way. I love the break. Oh, I love where he's my rock. and my will and he will never let Jesus hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love I love my rock and he's my will and he won't never he won't never let us hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's follow Jesus. I love to follow Jesus. All he has been my friend. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. Jesus. I want to be I love to praise his holy name. Amen. This time I'm ask sister Angelica to come give us a song. [Music] You thought I was worth saving, so you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping, so you clean me up inside. You thought I was to die for. So you sacrifice your life. So I could be free. So I can be whole. So I can tell everyone I know. You thought I was worth [Applause] saving. So you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. So you clean me up inside. You thought I was. You sacrifice your life so I can be free. So I can be home. So I can tell everyone I [Music] know. Glory to the God who changed my life. And I will praise you and I'll worship you and I'll give you glory because I because I am free. Because I am tell everyone I know. You thought I was worth saving, but you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth you inside. You thought I was born. So you sacrifice your life so I could be free. So I can be home. So I can tell everyone I know. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'll give you I'll give you all I will break you because I because I am real because I am and I will Tell everyone I know. [Music] Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. We'd like to welcome everybody to Brad Tabernacle this morning. Our annual brother Anderson annual third annual youth and family camp will be the June June the 5th through the [Music] 8th. Our annual tent revival revival will be August the 28th through the 31st. That'll be on a Thursday through Saturday night at 7 p.m. Youth youth service will be from Saturday 9:30 a.m. and minister's breakfast will be Saturday at 9:30 a.m. as well. Come one, come all. This sister Aaliyah Simmons graduation. The dinner will be today at 3 p.m. at the graduation halls. Let's give a hand clap of praise for the third time. Amen. And her and her actual graduation will be tomorrow um at the Colonial Life Center, Colonial Life Arena at 8 800 a.m. Congratulations to Sister Hannah Lee. Her celebration dinner will be today as well from at 3 pm. And congratulations to Jay Miller Jr. His graduation will be tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. and his dinner will be here at 1:00 p.m. tomorrow as well. Amen. On a prayer request, oh, let's give a hand clap a praise. on a prayer request. Zamir Crawford, Warner Gillard, Isetta Anderson, Adammy Leget and join us in fasting and prayer this week from May the 18th through the 25th. Like for like for everybody to enjoy the remaining of the service. Let's all stand. Lord God, we thank you for allowing to allowing us to come into your presence once again with praise and worship. Lord, we pray that you'll continue to bless the services. Bless brother Josh as he lead us into worship. Continue to lead us in worship. Lord let brother Simmons get out of the way so you may speak your your word to your peoples. Lord bless those who are listening in those who are here and Lord continue to get glory out of our worship in our lives. Bless your word as it come forth in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you for all things. Let the church say amen. [Music] [Music] My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You belong to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. All of the glory. All of the glory belong to you. All of the glory belong to you. All the glory. All of the glory belong. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You say hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All the glory and all the honor and all. You deserve it. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah. Say my hallelujah belongs to you. Oh my hallelujah. Hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to you. Hallelujah. Say hallelujah belongs to you. Amen. You deserve it. Amen. Amen. He's been good to us this morning. [Music] Amen. So you don't have to worry and don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Trway. Heat. Heat. Your heart. Oh, yes I do. Oh no. Oh my. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. I do. Oh no. Heat. Heat. Oh. Oh my. Amen. My life is in your hand this morning. Let us all stand. Amen. And let us bow. [Music] Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house one more time. Lord Jesus, this morning, Lord, we ask that you come down and send your anointing. Lord, you said when two or three are gathered in my name, there you would be in the midst. So Lord, we know that you're here this morning. Lord, we ask that you just move us out of the way. Lord, we thank you for blessing the song service this morning. Lord, we ask that you to touch those that are here and Lord, those that are not here and Lord, just send a word to them and Lord, may you meet all the needs today. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles this morning, we'll turn to 1 Coronicles the 14th chapter. I think we're going to start at verse eight. And when you got it, say amen. 1 Coronicles the 14th chapter starting at verse 8. And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it and went out against them. And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rafi. And David inquired of inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines, and will thou deliver them into my hand? And the Lord said unto him, "Go up, for I will deliver them into thine hand." So they came to Ba Pere Perez and and David smoked them there. Then David said, "God has broken in upon my enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters." Therefore they called the name of that place Bale Perez. And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire. And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley. Therefore David inquired again of the Lord. And God said unto him, "Go not up after them. Turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mo the malberry trees." And it was and it shall be when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the top of the malberry trees that then there shall go out of the thou shalt go out to battle for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines. And David therefore did as God commanded him. And they smoked the host of the Philistines from Gideon even to Gazer. And the fame of David went out into all the lands, and the Lord brought the fear of him upon all the nations. Amen. God bless the reading of this word. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Amen. This morning, I'd like to speak on a little topic that I entitled I entitled it your next steps. Your next steps. And if I had a subtopic this morning, I would entitle it, don't forget God. Don't forget God. And and I like this story in David how that every time he went to fight his enemy, he went to God in prayer. Every time he he went to he went to go fight these Philistines. He didn't just go because he wanted to do something. He didn't just go because he felt like doing this. He didn't just go because the Philistines were there. He went to God and said, "Lord, should I go up against them? Lord, should I go and should I go fight my enemy?" Sometimes the enemy can be right in front of you, but it's not the time to fight. Sometime the enemy can be right there, but it's not the time to fight. See, God, if you read in the the first time when David went to when David went to God, God said, "Go ahead, fight him, cuz yeah, I'm going to give you the victory." But the next time when the Philistines were there cuz the enemy came back again. Many of times you can face an enemy and you think that you defeated them and the enemy had come back and and you think that you done overcome and all but the enemy will come back and the enemy was ready to attack again and David thought David he didn't decide you know what I've already defeated this enemy let me go fight him and defeat him he went to God and said Lord what would you have me do you can't just sometimes go up just because you done defeated the enemy once and say this going to be the same battle cuz sometimes it might be something different. But this time, the Lord wanted him to wait because if you read down further, he said the Lord went before him and smoke the enemy before David even the Lord wanted him to make sure that he got that he got all the other destruction this time. He he wanted to go before him and already defeat the enemy so that when the battle beca came to him, it would be easy. It didn't matter how David had already, he might have thought, I can use the same strategy I did last time. But God had a way to say, "No, I want this battle to be easy for you." So David had to go to him first before he took his next steps, he had to go to God and say, Lord, what step should I take? Lord, before I take my next step, Lord, what step should I take? And and that's why I had the subtopic, don't forget God. Because sometimes you might be ready to take a step, but you didn't inquire of God. Lord, what step should I take? Lord, what should I do next? You you ready cuz you see the enemy is there and say and say, I know that he's defeated the enemy, but God is asking you, what what will you require, Lord? What would you have me do? Lord, what step would you have me take next? Cuz this step didn't seem like he was going for the enemy. He said, go over here to the side. Amen. He didn't tell him to go straight on. He said, "Go over here and wait a little while." God had given him the victory. He knew that the devil couldn't defeat him, but God still wanted him to pay attention and say, "No, I want to see what you going to do. I'm going to bring the enemy back that you've already defeated to see if you going to come to me again this time. To see if you going to come to me and ask me, Lord, what would you have have me to do? And then, will you listen to what I got to say?" Amen. Cuz many of times you can go to God, but then you get tired of waiting on God. So you do your own thing. Amen. But God want the battle that when you fight it, it's going to be easy. Amen. He want you to come and say, "Lord, what would you have my next step to be?" Uh this morning, I was reminded that we have many graduates this morning. So we we just want to congratulate y'all and may the Lord be with you in your next steps. And I thought about th this thing as you take life journey. Life is life is full of steps. Amen. Every part of life is a is a step. Every part of life is one step in your journey called life. And I started thinking about it and I said, you know, life is like this. When when you start your life, there's there's a book that's written and it's got your name on it. And this is the book of your life. And in this book of your life, there's an introduction, there's a middle part, and there's a conclusion. And some some people like stories. If you ever read a book, sometimes some books don't end the way that you think they going to end. If you ever read a book, some books don't end the way that you you as you reading the story, you surmise, I know what's going to happen. I know exactly what's going to happen. And then the book takes a twist and a turn. And sometimes life is just like that. Amen. And every every book is not written the same. Amen. You can see some similarities between this one and this and that one, but it's not the same story. And some they might have different characters, might have the same plot, but it's a different story. And just like that, that's like each and every one of our lives. And and some some I I thought about it and you say, well, some people they don't they don't get the ending that you thought. Well, sometimes the book is left in a cliffhanger. But the difference is with your life story book there there's no sequels there. There there's either there there's a there's a beginning and there's a end until you cross over and then there you got one or two choices where you going to end up but there there there's a place that the end of it is either you end in heaven or you end in a different place and you know where the place is. So, and I thought about how that each one of our life's journey and I said in the journey, there are chapters in the book. There's chapters in the book and maybe if you look back in your life, you'll see that if you lived a little while, you realize, well, this was this this kind of go together. Y'all can block it. That was a chapter, but it wasn't the end of my story. And see, sometimes we think that while we in the midst of a chapter, it's the end of the story. Amen. And we get caught up because we're fighting something that we thinking is the end of the story where it's just part of a chapter. And sometimes it we done magnified it so big that it's the end of the story when it's part of a paragraph. It's not even the end of a chapter. It's just part of the paragraph. But we got so focused in on the as and the that we missed the we miss the larger picture. We miss what God can do because we so focused on just this one little sentence in a big paragraph. And God has a way that he said, "No, I know the beginning from the end. I knew when you would start and I knew when you would finish." And see, he's got the whole book in his hands. So if he knows the beginning, the end, why wouldn't you go to the writer of the book and ask him, "Lord, what step should I take next?" Amen. Amen. And the pastor said something on Friday that that stuck with me and I thought about it. I said, you know, God is the only one that can erase part of the story. When you give your life to God, he can erase the bad things in the story. Amen. That he's the only one that can wash you white as snow. He's the only one that can use white out in your story. And see, when you see, you missing you're missing the greatest part if you don't ever get God. If you don't ever give your life to him, you miss the one that can take out all the bad things in your story. Amen. But you see, if you give your life to God, he can use that white out and wash it white as snow. All the bad, he can say, "I make it in the good." He said, "I all things work together to the good to them that love him, to them that is called according to his purpose." See, but it's all a part of your story. Amen. See, one day when you get there and you and he's sitting on judgment seat, he's going to pick up your book and he said, "Let's read." And he's and your whole story, even the thoughts in your mind going to be in this book. Amen. Of your story. Amen. But see, you have an opportunity to figure out how you want the end of your story to be. Amen. You got an opportunity every day that God put breath in your body to to choose and say, "Lord, this I want my story to end in a good story." Not everybody might end in a good story. But you got to recogn But that's your choice. Amen. But I I started to think about it. I said, "Each each paragraph is just a different step." And sometimes you can think of it, well when I was this age, I went through this this well where I went to school from this age to this age. That was that was just a chapter cuz it was a whole rest of life that you had to work for this amount of time. And if the Lord blessed you enough, then you might end up retiring. You can put them into different sections of your of just cha chapters in your life. And and I thought about it. I was reading something the prophet of God said and he said about Moses. Moses had different chapters in his life. He had the first 40 years where he was in Egypt and he was growing and he was learning until he killed the Egyptian. Then it was a new chapter change. He went running in the wilderness and he was in the wilderness for 40 years hurting sheep just doing a regular job. And then God got the burning bush to catch his attention. And the last 40 years that was that was the end of a chapter. Then the next one when God sent the burning bush to catch his attention that he that was a new chapter where he was going to lead the children of Israel all the way up to the promised land. Amen. Those those were just chapters in Moses life. Now some people think after he killed the Egyptian that's the end of his story but it wasn't. Amen. Some people might have said well once he got out there he got married he settled down that might have you might have thought that was the end of the story but it wasn't. There was a work God had for him to do since he was in his youth. Amen. But the choices that he made caused it to change his story. Amen. The choices that he made caused him to detour and go out in the wilderness for 40 years. Amen. When he could have he could have already done been and maybe might have would have answered, but that's not how God wanted to write that story. Amen. See, sometimes your story is not how you configure it, but it's how God wants it to be written. Amen. See, Moses thought, "I'm going to kill them and they going to back me up and we going to take over the kingdom." But that's not how it happened. Amen. That's not how it happened because it was different than Moses thought in his head because Moses wasn't the writer of his story. Amen. Sometimes you get in life and you think about it and you might think, well, I'm going to write this chapter in my life story cuz I'm going to make this decision and this decision which going to cause this to happen and then maybe 3 to 5 to 10 years it's going to have a different ending than than it look like it's going right now. But if God is the author of your story, God is the author of each and every one of our stories. The way that you think that you going to see sometimes when they write a book, they don't just write the book and then they go print the book. No, they have what they call a rough draft. And sometimes we over there trying to type out our rough draft and turn it in and submit it and say it's done. You ever wrote a paper one time and you wrote the rough draft and say it's good enough to be the final? Some some people that's what they do. They they think they're good enough writers to write it one time and it ain't got no mistakes in it. But see, that's how it would be if we tried to write our own story. It'd be full of mistakes. It'd be full of things that we had no clue about that's coming up ahead that we are not prepared for. But we done wrote this story. And who knows something in part of that story that's coming up ahead can take us straight on out. That's why God wrote the story. That's why he wrote the story of your life. That's why he knew all the pitfalls that was coming and said, "No, I need you to stand over here, David, because I got something that I want to do to these Philistines." Before you get to them, I want to go ahead and run before you take care of them for you so the battle is easy when you get there. Amen. Amen. See, he David had to go and say, "Lord, what steps would you have me take next?" Amen. And it didn't matter how many times David had come to to that battle, David, each time he went to God and said, "Lord, what step would you have me do next?" Amen. See, God has a way of of making sure that he is ordering your steps. But if he's ordering your steps, why don't you go to him and say, "Lord, show me the steps that you want me to take." Lord, I'm going to sit here and wait until you answer my request. Lord, I'm going to sit here and wait and I'm going to pray and get down on my knees and I'm Lord, I want to know what step you would have me take next. Cuz I could go do a thing, but it would not lead to the victory that I'm thinking it might lead to. Cuz I'm trying to write my own story. I'm trying to over here trying to write this draft and submit it. Well, I'm not the author of my own story. I'm not the one that writes my life story, but he's the one that knows the beginning and the end. And as he writes it, he can know how to skip this and mark out that and and correct this and correct that and make this wrong right and make this and make these things work out to the good of my story. And said, I might try to do it myself, but that would do it no justice. That'll do no things because God has a way of doing the right thing even when I don't think it's right. God has a way of closing this door to open another door wide open because I thought this the door I'm supposed to go through because I'm trying to understand how to write my own story instead of going to him and said, "Lord, what would you have step would you have me take next?" What step would you have me take next? And and this is this was something in my own life that I experienced. I got to this thing and I thought I was going to have an opportunity to go somewhere and I thought that everything had lined up for me to have the opportunity to go there. I thought, well, I missed it at this time where God seemed to close the door. And so I said, well, this another chance at this opportunity. And so I went there and then right before I thought I was going to walk through this door, God shut it again. And I I don't know why he shut it. I don't know why he decided that's the door, but he didn't want me to go through it because he made it in a way that it was a decision out of my control. See, that's what happens when God write your story and you say, "Lord, close every door that I'm not supposed to go through." When you pray that prayer, sometimes you won't end up in places you won't end up in parts of things that you wrote in your story. Sometimes we try to amend our story. We try to add to our story by saying, "No, we going to do this and it's going to happen. But if God wrote your story, there's nothing that he wants you to do that you you ain't going to be able to do it. If you if you pray to him and he wants to block that door, it's just like Noah in that ark. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn't get in there. No matter how how bad Noah wanted them to get in the ark and might have was trying to push it open for him that he couldn't budge that door cuz he he didn't close the door. God did. And so I thought that I was going on this path and I was going to be able to and God shut that path down. Now he made a alternate path which I didn't expect, didn't know nothing about because when he writes the story, he make it better than you ever could have thought it would be. That's the difference when he's writing the story. He made it better than I thought it. Now I don't know what the experience that I missed because I missed it. But it ain't a part of it wasn't a part of my story for now. God could open it in the future and say it's the right time for you to go go on this path, but it wasn't the time for it. The first time it wasn't. The second time it wasn't. We don't know what the future may hold. But see, that's the difference when you let God write your story. And when God wrote the story, I experienced things. I went places. I did things that I can only look back and say, "Wow, that was such a great blessing to me. Wow, that was something that I never would have done if God hadn't closed that door. I would never would have had this experience if God wouldn't have closed his door. If he hadn't wrote this in my story, I never would have went on this path because I had this way that I thought that I was going. I had this path that I thought that was the step I was going to take. That was the step that I was going to make because I I was going to try to write this part into my story cuz I felt like it was the time to do it. Sometimes you get to a point and you feel well I I I haven't been through this or haven't done so I'm going to write this step into my story when you didn't go to like David did and he inquired of God Lord what step should I take amen because if you have went to him sometimes God is say that ain't the time it ain't the time for you to go on that step amen it ain't the time that step is actually five or 10 steps from where you are right now and if I hit you on that stair. You'll be trying to stretch, stretch, stretch, and you might miss it. Amen. You might try to stretch, stretch. You ever try to go up and see how many steps you can climb up at once? You tried to stretch your leg and see how many steps you can climb up at once. Maybe when you was younger or something. See, I I'm I'm going to try I'm going to try to step as high as I can and see. Sometimes you you shooting for the fifth one, end up on the fourth one. Or sometimes you shoot for the third one, end up on the second one and realize I can't really stretch as far as I thought I could. And see, God knows how far you can stretch. God knows everything that that he has for you. And he'll say, "Listen, you trying to get somewhere that a that you ain't ready for. You trying to go down a path that you ain't ready for, but you think because I've experienced enough, I'm going to write this into my story." But God said, "No, there's some chapter. There might be a paragraph m maybe even a chapter before he got that in your story. It might be in your story, but it's further down the line, further down the plotline of your story when you are ready for it." Amen. Amen. But if you try to rush that thing, you you that's why that's why I wrote I said it's important that you don't forget God. Amen. It's important that while you on your journey that you don't forget God. Amen. That while you taking your steps, you go to him and say, "Lord, what might might I have do?" Prophet of God said, he said, "Give me a preacher. Give me a Christian. Give me a housewife that's a Christian. Give me a farmer or a factory worker that will put God first in everything." Amen. Yeah. He said, "I'll show you a man I'll show you a man that will be successful in in spite of all the devil can put on him." Amen. That's it. Amen. Amen. He said he said, "Get I want to read that again." He said, "Give me someone that will put God first in everything." Amen. And he said, "I'll show you a man that will be successful in spite of all the devil can put on you." Amen. Amen. Just think of that. All you had to do was put God first. That's it. Amen. All you had to do was put God as the head of your life. And he said, "I'll show you someone that would be a successful said some people was looking for this to do and this to do to be successful when all you had to do was put God first." Amen. When all you had to do was say, "Lord, I want you to be in control of my life." and and I he said, "I'll show you someone that will be successful in spite of all the devil can put on you." Amen. Now, if I'm going to go through life and the devil's still going to bother me, why wouldn't I go to God and give it to him? Amen. Cuz whether you whether whether you live for God or not, the devil still going to bother you. Amen. Come on now. Whether you live for God or not, the devil's still going to come to you and attack you and take you through things. Amen. So if I'm going to go through things, why don't I go to God and say, "Lord, you the only one that can defeat the devil. I'm not strong enough. He been studying for all eternity and all through time, through my family history, and through time, and he coming against me. So why would I go to the one that can lift up a standard against them? Why wouldn't I go to the one and say, "Lord, I want to be successful." Amen. I don't know anyone that doesn't want to be successful. Well, if someone comes to you and say, "Here, this is the keys to success and they give them to you." Now, it's what do you do with them? Amen. Cuz I can put all the keys in your hands and say, "Here outside of this key go to the Lamborghini. This key go to the $5 million mansion and this key goes to this key right here goes to a safety deposit box with $10 million of gold." Now, if I put them in your hand and say, "Here, it's yours." I have no idea what you do with it. If you never use the keys, you'll never get any benefits from having those keys. If you never use those keys, then you'll have no benefit. Even though somebody told you everything these keys go to this, you can go outside and see it sometimes. And some people might not I I ain't going to do nothing with it. It's just like the story that he said he gave one five talents, one three and one one and one with the one he went and buried it. Some people are just like that. If someone tells them here's the keys to success. Here you go. It's what you do with the keys. I can't I can't tell you what you do with the key. I got to do with it for myself. If God gives me the keys to success, what it's up to me decide what I want it to look like. Some people, they'll get those three keys and all they wanted was the car. They didn't want the house. They didn't want the uh all all they wanted was what they could see because they had to drive to the house. They had to drive to the bank to get to the safety deposit bar. So, all they wanted was what they could see. Now, somebody else, they say, "You know what? Let me go see if this house is real." All they wanted was the house and the car. But the difference is there somebody else that said, "You know what? Let me go see if if the car is real and the house is real. Now, let me go see if the if the money in the bank cuz somebody else would say, you know what? I don't just want peace of my blessing. I don't just want part of my blessing. I want the whole thing. I want everything that's in store for me." And if that's what's in store for me, I'm If the keys is right here, all I got to do is go get it. All I got to do is go access it. All I got to do is realize that God has changed my life. See, that's what type of blessings God can do in your life. See, I made it up as an example, but that's how God moves. Sometimes he'll walk to you and he'll give you something that others may work all their life trying to achieve. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you'll look and say, "I don't know how I got here. It was only by the grace of God. I don't know how I achieved it. It was only by the grace of God. See, I went and he ordered my steps. And I asked God what steps to take next. And now I ended up here. And I don't know how I got here, but it was by the grace of God. See, I got out of my story. And I let him write my story. I got out of the way of him in my story. And I let him write my story. And I asked him, Lord, what's the next part of my story? And sometimes he would give me the whole thing. And sometimes he only say, take one step further. Sometimes he'd only say say one step further. But guess what? I went to him and asked him which step to take. And when I went to him, he gave me the answer that I needed to take the next step. He didn't show me five years down the road. He said just take this one step. And sometimes while you standing on that one step, you the devil is going to come and test you. The devil is going to come and try you. But when you ask God what step to take, you can stand on that step and say, "God put me here. God put me here. The devil can't take me back cuz God put me here. right here on this step. And if he put me on this step, I know I can't go back. I know that there's something greater cuz there's another step. God ain't showed me what it was. But while I'm on this step, I can have faith that Lord, you put me here. So the devil can't knock me off this step. There wasn't nothing the de the Philistines could do to make David move out of them trees. There wasn't nothing they could do cuz God had told him, "Go here and wait." And sometimes God will put you on a step and say, "Wait." And while you waiting, the devil is attacking. While you waiting, every he every devil in hell is coming at you. But when God placed you on that step, all you got to do is stand firm. Don't turn around. He didn't give you armor for your back. He said, "Continue to fight on." All you got to fight on and stand where he placed you cuz one day he going to allow you. He said, "Now, now it's time. Go ahead and defeat them all. Go ahead and defeat them all from this place all the way back to their homeland. Go ahead and take them all. [Applause] See, when God gives you that next step, it's for you to stand there. And if the devil comes to fight and stand, but not to necessarily move forward until he tells you go forward. Amen. And when he tell you to go forward, you know there's nothing that's going to stand in front of you. You might take off running, skipping, hopping, and jumping because God doesn't allowed you to say, "You know what? You got it now. It's all yours. Whatever you wanted, God done gave it to you because it was right there in front of you. All the devils and all the enemies can't come against you now. Amen. Just because you said, "Lord, what step should I take?" Amen. See, that thing had a profound effect on on them. It had a It had a glorious effect. It had something that you didn't understand. It was a compound effect. It It was a domino effect. He He had to wait cuz God was setting up the dominoes to fall. Amen. He was setting them up. If David would have rushed in there, he might have only knocked over one. But why while he was over there waiting, God done set this one up and set this one up and done ran in front of him and scared this one and scared that one and put fear in the heart cuz God said at the end he had put he had allowed fame to reach the other nations. God wanted such an utter defeat that the other people got scared. All the enemies around got scared because they realized this wasn't just David. This was something greater than him. This wasn't just an army. This was something greater than them. And if we go to fight, we got to come prepared. It ain't just we can't go by ourselves no more. See, the devil had they had to re-evaluate their strategy cuz what worked one time wasn't going to work no more. Amen. What worked last time wasn't going to work no more. See, they got just defeated the first time when he went to him. They he just got defeated and and then they they regrouped and said, "Let's do this again." But after the second time, after David had waited, it wasn't no more regrouping to come at him again. See, God sometimes he got to tell you to wait so that when you go fight this time, you don't have to fight no more. Amen. He got to tell you to wait. That when you go to battle this time, you get that victory that you've been seeking, you've been desiring, you've been waiting on God to do. When you go this time is different. See, God has a way. Now, when he orders your steps, he lines them up in such a way that the devil can't do anything to stop you. That you look back and you say, "How did I get here?" It's only by the grace of God. How did I get here? It's only by the grace of God. When you read when you go back and you think about the chapter that just passed in your life. Amen. And if you got God leading your life, you can go back and you can read the story and and and you can realize that it was nobody but God that wrote that in that story. Cuz if it was you, you would have skipped this part and skipped that part and skipped this part. But if you hadn't gone through that, you wouldn't have experienced and had the character enough to be ready for the next part. Amen. Amen. Through a story, they there's characters and over time, if it's a good character, it gets developed. It don't stay stagnant. It doesn't it's just not what they start off with. They grow. They grow into a greater character. They wasn't David didn't didn't stay a little boy. He grew into a man. He had his issues. He had his problems. But David as a person when he got done with the story, God said, "That's a man after my own heart." Cuz he grew through through the ups and the downs and the trials and the tribulation. David grew as a character. And that's what God tries to do in our life. Just the difference is we can read David's story. But what will we say about yours? If we could read your story, what will we say say about yours? See, at the end of the day, you going to get to a place where God is going to read your story. And when he reads that story, will he come to the conclusion, well done, my good and faithful servant? Will he come to that conclusion? But you see, you get the opportunity to say, Lord, what step would you have me take? For some of us, that's each one of us may be in a different part of our lives, but we all can ask the same question. Some it might be Lord Lord, do you want me to give my life to you? I think that's a yes. But but that's your decision to make. See, God wants you to say, "I want you to cast all your cares on me for I care for you." See, he he has a way of making everything work out even when you don't understand how it's going to work out because he's writing the story. He's over there and he's written the story and he knows how the paragraph going to go, the page going to go and he just waiting on you to say, "Lord, what what should I do next?" See, when God gives you an understanding of what you should do next, you can walk in a faith that there's nothing that can discourage you on that journey. You can walk in a faith and you can you can say, "Well, I know that I'm supposed to be here because this is what the Lord has. I I asked the Lord and the Lord gave me a revelation for myself." Now, nobody else has to understand your revelation. Nobody even some may even may even go against what you say. Well, you should have done this or you should have done that. But you know what? When you get it for yourself, you can stand on it. You can stand on it and say and and when you look back, you can say, "I know it was the Lord that led me to do this, cuz I wouldn't have ended up where I am now if he didn't lead me to go through that. if he and no matter how hard it gets, if God led you to do it, he's going to he's going to see you through it. He's going to see you right on through it. No matter how much the devil fights it, he's going to see you through it because you asked him, Lord, what step should I take? And you waited and God gave you an answer. And when he gave you the answer, you can stand on it with a conviction that you don't you might not even understand, but you can stand on it and say, "This is where God placed me to be." Amen. Amen. the R when when they was on on that boat on the water, the storm was raging, but it was where they were supposed to be. Jesus was in the ship with them and all he had to do was wake up and say, "Peace be still." And all the ways and the storm storm calmed down, but they were supposed to be there because it was a part of their story. And when they got done, they realized the question that that asked is, "What step will you take next? What step will you take next? And have you forgotten God in your in your preparation taking yourself? Have you forgotten him? It that's the question that I asked this morning because God has all of us. God has something that he want all of us to do. God has a path that he want all of us to take. And each one of us, our path looks different. Amen. But the end goal is how do you want your story to end? How do you how do you want your story to wrap up? How do how do you see the end of your story? Because you might not know the end, but you you can shoot for a goal. If the goal is heaven, then there's certain things you got to do to get there. If the goal is heaven, there's certain things that God requires of us that he gives us the opportunity to do each and every day. Amen. Said, "What would you like your steps to look like?" Amen. At this time, um, we just bow our heads. Lord, we thank you for this day. Lord, we thank you for your presence in this place. Lord, we ask that you, Lord, we come and we said, Lord, we asked the question, Lord, what step would you have us to take? Lord, we ask the question, what step would you have have me to take? Lord, if you ask yourself the question, what step would you would you have me to take, Lord? And Lord, I want to make sure that when I take this step, I put you in this step. Is there anyone this morning that says, Lord, I have heard your word, and today I want to take the step that I want to give my life to you. Is there anyone today has heads bowed and eyes closed that raise your hand and say, "Lord, I want to give my life to you, Lord, I I want to take that step to giving you complete control over my life." Thank you. Thank you. Thank you this morning, Lord. You see the hands that are lifted and the hearts that are open. Lord, I ask that you would come down this morning and do something, Lord. Change the hearts and change the minds, Lord. Lord, as they take this next step in you, Lord, may you lead and guide them, Lord. May you direct them in a path, Lord. And and Lord, make the ways plain before them, Lord, and make the way straight, Lord. We thank you this morning for doing it. Lord, we ask that you continue to move in this place, Lord, as we as we go into the next part. Lord, we ask that you watch over us and protect us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. as we turn the service over to brother Simmons will lead us in a song. [Music] Amen. Lead me. guide me along the way. Oh, if you leave me [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise. Praise God. If you lead me, guide me. Amen. Amen. We thank God for the word tonight. If you want prayer, this Josh Flaze, if you want prayer, you could come. The Bible says, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." If you haven't repented of your sin, been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you have the opportunity to come. If you need prayer and you want prayer this morning, you can come this morning as brother Josh plays [Music] Hallelujah. They ask you remember sister May lead down in Mullins. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat up here. Thank the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Appreciate the family. This is Kisha family coming everybody. Thank the Lord for y'all this morning. Appreciate everyone that press your way out this morning in Jesus Christ's name. We thank God for the graduates this morning and Hannah and Leah and Sister Kesha and Caleb and somebody else that I might forget. Jay. Amen. Pan. Yeah. Yeah. Pandora. Amen. I had somebody else I forget. I should have remembered her. Amen. Sister Pan. Amen. We got a lot of graduates. Amen. Some with masters and some with bachelors. No, no, no bachelors. We got masters and um high school. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. So, we thank God for all of you. Let's give them a hand clap. Thank God for their achievements. Amen. God is good. Amen. Let us just bow. Father God, we thank you in Jesus name for Lord God the service thus far. We ask you you continue to bless our brother Caleb Lord and strengthen him and lead him Lord God and be blessing to your people Father. May the word God that we heard Lord may be strengthe we we consult you in every step that we make Lord. Father God, you said seek God's first and every other blessing would be added to us. Lord, help us, oh God, to be mindful, not forget. God wants first in our lives. Father, help us, oh God, to remember that, Lord. Do all things in prayer, Lord. So, Father God, every step that we make, let us pray about it, Father. Lord God, we thank you now. Lord God, as we continue to stay in this affair, Lord, I ask you to remember the leak at family, our sister made this morning. Father, I pray pray God that you'll be with them, Lord. And Lord God, all the different requests, Lord, I pray to God that you'll move in each and every life. Father, as we leave this place today, oh God, but never your presence, I pray that the Holy Spirit would be with us. And I pray that you'll grant traveling mercies. Let this day be a blessed day for each and everyone. Oh God, especially graduates, Lord, I just pray that you'll bless them in a special way. In Jesus Christ's name, we thank you. Amen. [Music]
