################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-15 - Bro. C. Simmons Are You Ready For Battle - C Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-15
Title:    Bro. C. Simmons: "Are You Ready For Battle?"
Speaker: C Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 1h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaoHvITxYD0
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Said, "I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. There is Oh, and I will heat Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I [Music] will my Oh, I will. Oh my soul and all. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh mighty Lord. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Amen. Bless his holy name. Let us all stand at this time. Let us bow in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house one more time. Lord, we want to bless your holy name, Lord. Lord, we can give you all the honor and all the glory and the praise, Lord, cuz you've been that good to us. And Lord, we thank you for allowing us to come into your place once more. And Lord, we ask you that you would bless those that are here. Lord, bless those that are on their ways. Lord, keep them safe on the highways and the byways, Lord. Bless those that are not going to be able to be here tonight. And Lord, we ask that you just continue to watch over your flock. And Lord, lead us and guide us and bless the song service and bless the bless your word tonight. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. So bless thy wonderful name. We will bless that wonderful name of Jes. We will bless that wonderful name of no other name. I know we will bless that wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful name. Oh yes. Oh, there is power in the name of power in the name. There is power in the name. Oh, there's no other name. I know. There in the name of salvation in the name of Oh, there. Oh, there is healing in the name of There is healing in the name. There is healing in the name of the name. Bless that wonderful name. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. We will bless our wonderful neighbor. No other name I know. Oh, sing it by Lord. In the morning come when all the things of God are together. We will tell the story how we overcome and we'll understand it better by oh sing We are all ex away. We will understand it better by oh singing by and by wind. Oh, we will tell the story and we'll understand it better by we are all dest. We are trusting in the Lord and according to his word and we'll understand it better by singing my morning. We will tell the story how we overcome and we'll understand it better by oh I'm taking it by and by all the things of God we will tell the story and we'll tell the story I'm going to tell the story how you overcome and we'll understand it better. Yes, we'll Yes, we'll understand it better by Amen. We'll understand it better by this time. We ask the promise to give us a song. Amen. [Music] water. You turn into wine and open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. None like [Music] you. And on the darkness you shine. And out of the ed. There's no one like you. No one like you. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Our God is stronger. He's bigger than anything. Amen. At this time, we ask the sisters to give us a song. Amen. [Music] is a challenge to accept. It takes grace to rise and prove. is the way that we can show the world that Jesus Christ is true. Is a life to live a testimony blameless. Living for Christ, standing every day. So we got to prove that we're one in a million. And we got to show the power of the blood. And we got to prove that we're not like those from Sina. We got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. Now, the testimony of Christ is a feeling that you've been saved. It's a joy of your life with him. It's the glowing on your face to really know that you have overcome. and you'll keep the promise of sitting on the throne. So we got to prove that we're one in a million and we got to show the power of the blood. And we got to prove that we're not like those from Satan. We got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. Now, the testimony of Christ is the feeling that you've been saved. It's the joy of your life with him. It's a glowing on your face. You'll really know that you have overcome and you'll keep the promise of sitting on the throne. So we got to prove that we want to be and we got to show the power of the blood and we got to prove that we're not like those from. We got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. And we got to prove that we want it. And we got to show the power of the blood. And we have pro that we're not like those were made of. We've got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. We've got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. We've got to show that we're a people that this world isn't worthy of. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord, I lift your [Applause] Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Lord, you know the [Music] [Music] earth. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. I lift your name. Amen. At this time we have this brothers can lift up the offering. [Music] Let the word come. Amen. [Music] Amen. Sing. Bring one of my classics. My friends may press me [Music] down and change my glad to sad. God didn't say my life would be to lead me away. Oh, so when you love me, I'm not ever going to ever run. Oh yes. I'll keep my head in the master. Oh, and I'm going to ride. Oh, I'm going to ride. Yes, I am. Oh my friends. Oh yes my god. Oh no. Oh, I'm all right. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Oh, this old [Music] world and the enemy all around. Yes, he is. But Satan has tried so very very hard. He's trying to hold me down. Oh, listen. Yes, I do. Make it through the rain. Oh, and when it gets and when it gets I don't worry at all. Oh, and I'm all right. Oh my god. [Music] I try oh so very very hard. He tried to hold me down. Oh, yes I do. Make it through the rain. Oh, and when it gets rough, show up. I don't worry at all. And I'm all right. I am every day. Oh, I'm going to take away. Oh, yeah. I'm going to ride. Oh, I'm going to ride. Oh, I'm going to take way to heaven. Yes, I am. I'm going to take Oh, you might not understand whatever I'm going Heat. Heat. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going to rise above it all. Amen. How many going to rise above it tonight? Amen. At this time, let us all [Music] stand. And let us pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house. Lord, as the songwriter said, Lord, we're going to rise above it all. Lord, we're going to take wings one day and fly away to heaven and rise above all that's here, Lord, all the filth and the famine. And Lord, we ask that you, Lord, come down tonight in our midst, Lord, speak to us, Lord. Speak to each and every need, Lord Jesus. And Lord, move us out of the way, Lord, that you may get all the glory, all the honor, and the praise. Lord, we thank you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we'll turn to Nehemiah chapter 4. [Music] Amen. Nehemiah chapter 4. When you got it, say amen. Amen. And it reads, "But it came to pass that when Simbal heard that he that we builded the wall, he was wroth and took great indignation and mocked the Jews. And he spake before his brethren, the armies of Samaria, and said, "What do these feeble Jews? Will they fortify themselves? Will they sacrifice? Will they make an end in a day? Will they revive the stones out of the heap of the rubbish which are burned?" Let's drop down to verse 7. But it came to pass that when Sam Ballad and Tobaya and the Arabians and the Amorites and the Ashdodites heard that the walls of the Jerusalem were made up that the breaches began to be stopped. Then they were ve very wroth and conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem and to hinder it. Amen. God bless the read another word. You may be seated. I'm going to read down a little bit further. Nevertheless, we made our prayer unto our God and set a watch against them day and night because of them. And Judah and Judah said, "The strength of the bearers of the burden is decayed, and there is much rubbish so that we are not able to build the walls." And our adversary said, "They shall not know, neither see till we come in the midst among them." and slay them and caused the work to cease. And it came to pass that when the Jews were which dwelt by them came, they said they said unto us 10 times, "From all the places which ye shall return unto us, they will be upon you." Amen. And I want to drop down to 15 so we don't read the whole chapter. And it said, "And it came to pass that when our enemies heard that it was known unto us and God had brought their counsel to not that we returned all of us to the wall, everyone unto his work. And it came to pass from that time forth that half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spear and the sh the spear, the shield, and the bows, and the harbing harbingers, and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah. They which build on the wall, and they that bear burdens, which those that laded, everyone with him, one in his hand, wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon. Amen. God bless the reading of this word. Tonight, I'd like to speak on a little topic that I entitled, "Are you ready for battle?" Amen. Are you ready for battle? And I and I like this scripture because it remind me of what the Bible said said at the end time they would be building barns and they would be doing these things. But sometimes you got to be careful in all you're building and all you're getting that you forget to be ready for battle. Amen. Because no matter what you are doing, the devil is still on attack. No matter what you are doing, the devil is still trying to figure out how he can knock you down, how he can take you out. But see, the question I want to ask you is, are you ready for battle? See, it it got to a point that they weren't necessarily they weren't ready for battle when we first started. They didn't know that their enemies, it wasn't just one enemy. It was a multitude of enemies that decided that you know what, we heard about the progress that they were making. And many of times when you start making progress with God, here come the devil. As soon as you start to build something with God, here comes the devil. And the devil is coming to attack you because he knows that once the walls get built, it becomes that much harder for him to attack you. Once the walls once you become fortified in what you may believe and what you stand for, the devil has a hard time attacking that because there's a wall between him and you. There's a barrier between him and you. And once he realized that you realize there's someone there to help you build that wall, there's someone there that's going to stand beside you when you build that wall. There's someone's there that's going to uplift you while you're building that wall. The devil don't want you to realize that because that's when you have victory. But see, you got to be ready for battle. You can't be getting ready for battle. You got to be ready for battle. Because if you getting ready, it's already too late. It's already too late. The enemy will be upon you. They told them it was more than all of us combined together. That's hard. Our enemy was. See, but many of people, they they they they want to wait till they can see the enemy before they start getting ready. That's not the way that you're supposed to be. They they they decided that you know what even while we building we going to hold a spear in one hand. Say we might be building this but why why if you come n us we're not afraid to attack. We're not afraid to stand for what we believe. We're not afraid to stand for what God has given us. Amen. See they realized it was greater than them. It was a promise to them. God has sent a word and this is what they were supposed to do. They weren't worried about how many enemy was out there because they realized they had the ultimate secret weapon. They had God on their side. And see, when you got God on your side, see, that defeats all the devils and all the demons and all the enemies that may come against you. So you don't have to be afraid to fight. Sometimes you don't go to battle cuz you afraid of the war. You afraid of the battle. You afraid of the enemy that you going to face. And I thought about it and my mind went to David and Goliath. I said, you know that when once they got out there and and I want to read something that the prophet of God said. He said, he said, and so an army first is getting ready for a battle. So when an army goes out, the first thing they have to do, they have to get ready for battle first. They got to be a select. So they got some soldiers, they got to be dressed for fighting. They got to be trained for fighting. Say, you don't just go to battle without no training. Amen. You don't just go to war without no training. They don't ever say, "Hey, let's go to war." And they come to your door, knock, and say, "Let's go." They always got to put you through training first. But sometimes you don't realize when God is trying to train you. You don't realize that God is taking you through things because he knows the battle is coming. God didn't say, "Hey, David, go ahead and kill Goliath." That wasn't David's first battle. David had already faced the bear and the lion before he faced Goliath because God was training him for the for the battle that was to come. And and the prophet of God said, "And I believe that the greatest battle that was ever fought is now ready to go in action. I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. And I believe that he's been dressing them and training them. And the battlefront is now set. Getting ready to start to start. See, see the battle is getting ready to start. And see, that's what happens that you can't get ready for the battle when the battle comes. You already got to be ready for battle. You can't be getting ready for the battle when the battle is upon you. You will be. It'll be a surprise attack to you. But see, the battles that's coming forward in the future is not a surprise. It shouldn't be to you. It shouldn't be to you. But it but it's something that you got to be getting ready for. Amen. Cuz I tell you, the devil is not getting smaller. It's only increasing. And you wonder why the attacks are increasing. Because the devil has multiplied. He got loosed out of the Euphrates, all the demons and devils of hell. And it's only specifically to attack you. Amen. It wasn't to attack everybody. It was specifically let loose to attack you. But you see that in this they said even though these devils were coming towards them, they realized that you know what? We got to be ready if they do decide to attack. We got to be ready and we and it wasn't just one. They stood together. They said we not going to fight by ourselves. We said that if if if you got the spirit behind me, I'm going to do the work and then we going to switch. And they had shifts. Said while I'm standing ready, you you working. And while you working, I'm going to stand ready. And when while I'm working, you stand ready. And then when you when I get tired, I'm going to take your place. And I'm going to stand there and watch over you. And I'm going to pray for you. And I'm going to watch you work. And I'm going to stand looking. And when the sound of trumpet, that's when everybody should come together. And we going to fight as one. See it. They knew that they couldn't fight by themselves to defeat this enemy. They couldn't fight by themselves cuz if they did they would get like they said um divided we fall. If they got separated they wasn't going to stand against this enemy. This enemy was too great. But if we stand together there was a unity that they decided to come together and said the only way for us to finish this wall is to come together. The only way for us to defeat this enemy is to stand together. The only way that we going to win this battle is to be on one accord. Amen. Listening to one voice and believing that Lord, you told us this is what you wanted us to do. We we ain't turn to this one or that one. This ain't a thought. This is something that you told us that you wanted us to do. So if you wanted us to do it, you provided a way for us to do it. And no enemy on the on the planet is going to be able to stop us from accomplishing what you want us to do. And see, that's the battle that you have to fight. You you have to go and decide, Lord, is this the battle that I'm supposed to be fighting? Cuz some battles you can be in and it ain't even worth it. It's some battles you can hear of and it ain't even worth it. When you look back and you realize you said, "I could have let that gone on. It wasn't that big of a deal." Amen. But you over here fighting a battle that didn't have that was inconsequential, that didn't have a lot of meaning to it, but you over here spending all your energy on something that didn't matter. Amen. But you see, see, you want to be fighting the right battles. What you got to go and search God in prayer and say, "Lord, what would you have me to do? Lord, what would you have me to do so I can fight the right battles? Cuz Lord, I don't have time to be spending wasting energy. Lord, I don't have time to be fighting battles that ain't mine. Lord, I don't have time to be fighting things that you don't want me to fight. If it's not going to build me and help me to get further in you, Lord, why am I doing it? Why am I fighting this battle when I could have just leave it alone and let you work it on out?" He and even the battle that I'm in, I know you going to work that one out cuz you sent me in the battle. Yeah. You wouldn't have sent me in it if you didn't have a way for me to get through it. And see, that's the battles that I want to fight. You can fight a losing battle and realize that I'm losing because I'm not in the right battle. Bless said, you could be in a knife fight and and somebody else got a gun. How you going to win? You got the wrong weapon for the wrong battle. Amen. said, "That's why you want to make sure that you in the right battle. And God don't ever put you in a battle that he put you in that he ain't provided a way for you to get out of when he put you in it." Now, sometimes you can put yourself in a battle. Amen. You can put yourself there and realize that you know what and God will have mercy on you and bring you out of it. He'll have mercy on you and bring you out of it. But sometimes some battles you can avoid by saying, "Lord, what would you have me to do? Amen. Lord, what would you have me to do? Cuz sometimes the devil will sit there and he'll lay a trap. He just waiting for you to cross it so you can fall right in. And he said, "I got you now." But see that God is still even in that he gave you grace and mercy. He gave you grace and mercy and understanding and all his plans that he ordered your steps if you were his child. If you come to him and said, "Lord, I surrender everything even in your mistakes." He said, he said he will order your steps. So when you fall in that trap, sometimes that's when the time that you get the closest to God. Amen. Cuz you realize that the only way that I'm going to survive this is that Lord, you bring me out of this. That Lord, you got to take me through this. And Lord, you got to bring me over this. Lord, you got to give me the overcoming power to to defeat this devil that's in front of me. Amen. Amen. Cuz some things happen by ignorance. But you see, God is the one that can deliver you out of them all. It's not me or you or it's not this person or that one. It's the Lord Jesus Christ that can deliver you out of them all. And some things is greater than the pastor. It's greater than this minister or preacher. But the only one you can turn to is God on the secret time in your secret place. You got to go to God and say, "Lord, this is the battle that I am in. And Lord, I don't know which way to go, but Lord, I need you to lead me through it. Lord, I don't know which way to turn, but Lord, I need you to bring me through this. Lord, I'm not going to make this battle if you don't bring me through this. If you don't lead me and guide me and give me direction, Lord, I'm not coming through this." Yes, Lord. Amen. See, when you get in those places in life, you realize how real God is to you. Amen. Amen. Not to somebody else, to you. And when God becomes real to you, you realize where all your help comes from. You become like Elijah's servant. Your eyes come open. You realize that there was something out there that was greater than you. That was stopping the devil from coming to take you out. There was something that was greater than you that was watching over you, that was keeping you, that was helping you, that was leading and guiding you. Even in your in your wrong moments, he was still there keeping you from allowing it to go worse than what it was. Amen. Amen. Amen. See, sometimes you got to have those experiences where you recognize God was there. Amen. And if you don't have if you don't recognize it, just think back over your life. Yes, Lord. Just think back over. Think of the worst moment in your life. And if you think of it, you probably can still see God there. Yes, sir. Amen. And if you didn't think about it, you just didn't think hard enough because God was still there. He was. But see, are you ready for the battle that is to come? Thank you, Jesus. See, you got to be prepared. It see God bless you cuz you might have been ignorant in that time. But that is becoming a time where it's no more. Ignorance is not bliss. You can't you can't use that excuse no more. Amen. You can't use that and say, "Well, I didn't know cuz it becomes a times where that ain't no excuse no more. Amen. That's not something I can continue to pass on and say, "I didn't know." Well, then you turn right. I didn't know. And then you turn left. I didn't know. Some things you had to know or or think of and you just went past the stop sign. Say, "Officer, I didn't know it was a stop sign." Well, you might have not seen the first one, but then there was a blinking light above you and there was the cars over here that had stopped and this one had stopped and that one had stopped. So, what made you think that? And the person in front of you stopped. So, what made you think that you can just go on on through? I don't know. The officer going to look at you and say, "Um, well, I got to give you this ticket." Because it was no excuse. Amen. much less if that's the natural. What about the spiritual? Amen. What makes you think that God has just continue to say you can go on on by? It's okay. You can go on on by. That's okay. If you can go on on by, that's okay. The pastor was speaking on Sunday said it's a holy city. Amen. And everything ain't going to pass through there. Amen. People think, "Hey, I'm going to do this and I'm going to go, hey, I'm going to heaven." It ain't going to be like that. Come on now. It can't be like that because God is holy. That's right. God is perfect. And he said, "Be you perfect as I am perfect." So if you ain't perfect, then how you think you going to get in? How you think God just going to say, "Hey, that's fine. You can go on in." If that was the case, he would have let a whole slew of people on in. But he said it' be a few that make it. Ain't going to be no whole slew that make. It's going to be a few that make it. Amen. and said, "Are you ready for that battle that's going to come?" Cuz I can tell you, your battle might not be my battle, but your battle is you going to have one. You definitely going to have one. And you got to be ready when that battle come. And and and and that battle might be so intense that you might barely make it. You might barely make it through that battle, but that battle's gonna come. And when that battle comes, you can't be saying, "I got to get ready." Well, let me go find my Bible and read my Bible now cuz cuz Lord, it's getting hard. You got to know it by then. It ain't no time to go search. You can search it, but now it's the time to know it. It's a time to go back and and and lean on your experience with God. It's a time to go back and say, "Lord, I seen you do this. I've seen you do this. And Lord, I know you can carry me through this. That's the time that you got to lean on your experience with God and say, "Lord, I when I prayed for this, I seen you do this. And when I prayed for this, I seen you do this." So Lord, I know you are God that answers prayers. I'm not wondering, "Are you a God that answers prayers?" I know you are a God that answers prayers. And I can't run to pastor to ask him cuz pastor got his own things that he dealing with. Amen. Amen. Amen. Right. Amen. The brother so and so got his own thing. Now, he can pray with you, but sometimes it's got to be on your prayers. It's got to be on your faith. It's got to be that you was ready for the battle and you was ready for the battle. And they said when two or three are gathered in them there, he would be in the midst. So, you can touch and agree with someone, but if you ain't got it for yourself, it's hard cuz they not only fighting for themselves, they fighting for you, too. And you wonder why, hey, why things ain't moving? Where have you checked yourself and say am I ready for battle? Am I ready to to to face the battle? Am I am I ready to take these things undertake these things? Did I have my spear sharp enough? Did I have my sword on my side or was it laying somewhere? And now when the when the enemy trying to break through the door, I'm trying to search where I put it. Where' I put it? I think it might be over here. No, no, no. I think it's over here. That's too late. The enemy in the house. Amen. That's right. The enemy is in the house. Amen. So, what what does a weapon any good is when the time that you need it, you can't find it. That just shows you wasn't ready. And sometimes you go through things where it'll be you'll be warned here and you'll be warned there and you'll be warned here. Hey, get ready. Hey, get ready. I think it's time as the Lord comes, he knock at your door. I think I think you need to wake up. And he'll send a little something to kind of push you. And then he'll send a little something else to kind of get you here. Hey, hey, you start praying over here. And then once you come through it, you forget and go back. And then when something else come, you start reading your Bible every day and praying every day. And then once you come through, you say, "Thank you, Jesus." And then you go back. Then a little bit bigger storm comes. And then you go back to Lord Jesus, I need you. Mhm. Every day you you get you get faithful. Real faithful real quick. Boy, you coming to every service. You're early for service cuz cuz you realize that that something got to move. And then you forget blesses. And then and then something else comes. But see the battle that's coming, it might not let up. Amen. So how you know that you ain't got time to be to have a L time? See, at that point in time, you got to point back and say, "Lord, Lord, I I I was searching daily. And Lord, I I was I was doing the things that you asked me to do. And Lord, even in my moments, Lord, you came down and you and you spoke to me and you helped me through and you brought me through this." See, the battles, they was a daily battle. But the every single day you was growing stronger. Every single day you was growing stronger. Every single day you realized the weapons that you had. A weapon ain't good if you don't know how to use it either. If you can't find it, that don't do you no good. If you got one and you don't know how to use it, that don't do you no good. It's just something that's a placeholder. But the most powerful person is they know what a weapon is and they know how to use it. That's when you wonder why the devil run for some and stay with others. Cuz some people realize the weapon that they got. Amen. Amen. Some people understand how to use the weapon that they got. Amen. See, that's the difference. Some know the weapon that they have and they also know the one that's backing them up. See, they ain't worried about it when they come. They see, yeah, yeah, it might it might cause them to to get down on their knees. They might seem like they pray, but you don't realize they was always praying. Amen. They was always staying close to God. You didn't see the behind the night scenes in the middle of the night where they was crying to the Lord. You didn't see that. But now you see it more openly because it it because it's different when you going through battle. Nobody knows or the training that takes place with a soldier behind the scenes till he goes into battle. Amen. People don't realize like when you have the elite forces of the elite how all they train they train for years and years to be able to handle one battle. They might only fight one battle in their lifetime. But they training year after year, day after day because they got to stay in shape. They got to stay in training. Cuz when they go to battle, it's life or death. It ain't just, hey, we going out here to play play with some water guns. Hey, we going out here. We going we going to hit each other across the head real nice cuz the enemy is a nice person, you know. So he just going to he just going to come over here and hit me with a little light stick and I'm going to hit him back with a little light stick and we just going to go back to camp. That ain't the that ain't the enemy. When the enemy comes out there, he ready to take you out. So you have to have the same mentality. And they train every single day to gain that mentality that when the enemy comes, there's got to be something that stands up against it. When that enemy comes, there's got to be something that stands up against it. If there's nothing that stands up against it, that enemy is going to run you over. I don't care how much better you think that you are than that enemy. That enemy is going to run you over eventually cuz he going to go and say, "Hey, they defense is weak right here." And they gonna get all their friends to say, "This is a spot to attack. This is the spot to attack. And when I get inside, when I get inside, I'm going to let you in. I'm going to let this one in. And I'm going to let this one in." Said, I think the pro I think it was said that when when when one goes back, he can he comes back with seven more. He comes back cuz he said, "If I can't get in, let me bring my friends and let all them try." That's right. because it's some because he knows that as long as you have God on your side and you realize that he's on your side, there was nothing that he can do. There's nothing that he can do. And when and when you realize that Lord, you on my side, that when I go into battle, I don't have to worry about am I going to win or not. Amen. That gives you a certain level of confidence. If you go to an interview and you realize that, hey, they already going to offer me the job. You was so relaxed. Somebody done told you, "Hey, they done looked at your resume and told you, hey, yeah, you a great candidate. All you got to do is do this interview." Boy, you going there, you said, "Well, this is a wonderful day." Cuz you you have no stress. Amen. Cuz the job is yours. Amen. If if you believe them, can't always listen to some people. But if if it's a trusted person and you realize, hey, when I go to this interview, if I go in there and do well, the job is mine. And you needed a job. Oh yeah. You go in there, you say, all the pressure is off. It's the reason why the pressure is on because you don't know the answer. The whole reason that you are stressed out is because you don't know the answer. But if you know the answer before, if you know the if you go and you take a test and you already know all the answers to the test, boy, that's a wonderful test, ain't it? You go in there, you say, I'm going to make a A. Everybody else is like, but but you was struggling. You said, I'm going to make a A and they just looking at you, we going to see. But you see, when you go in there cuz you got a supreme confidence that I know all the answers. It's the same thing when you have a battle in your life. When God is on your side, say if you are ready for that battle, you going in there and you march into that battle. Say you marching into that battle cuz you realize we already won the victory. We already overcome. We already It don't matter how bad this battle is going to get. Cuz it might get bad. You might be stumbling through the battle, but you know that I'm coming through. Jacob had to wrestle with that angel all night long. And when he came out, he had a limp, but he had overcome. Amen. See, Jacob, he realized that, hey, I'm not going to let you go until you bless me. See, that's sometimes why you got to go in your battle. Said, I'm not going to come out of this until I win. I'm not going to come up out of this until I've overcome. I'm not going to let this moment go until God, you do something for me. Amen. And when you get to those points, you'll see God do some extraordinary things for you cuz you realize that Lord, I've come to the point that I can't go back and I can't go to the side. I got to go through this Red Sea and there's no other way that I can turn but watch you do something miraculous. I got to see you do something miraculous because there's nowhere for me to go. Amen. There's no I I was prepared as I could be, Lord, and the enemy is still too great. I had studied. I had prayed. And I was more prepared than I could be. And the enemy was still too big. He had me trapped. But still, there was a way. Still there is a way. Even when you feel trapped, there is a way. God has a way that's prepared for you that you can walk through on dry land. And said when they walked through on dry land that they chased them after them and the Lord swallowed them up and they said they saw that enemy no more. Amen. You didn't realize that when you walked through on the dry land, God was destroying a dynasty. Amen. That's what the Egyptians were. They were a dynasty. They were the people that ruled the ancient world at that time. And when they went through the Red Sea, they were no more the same. They were conquered after that. You didn't realize that God God was going to take you through that so that when you came through that that devil couldn't touch you no more. He would never you would never have to fight that battle no more cuz you was on a pathway where God was taking you where he wanted you to go. God was taking you where you wanted to go. And as long as you didn't doubt that God was going to take you in that promised land, God had a way that was prepared for you to go there. God has a way that's prepared for you to go there. Sometimes, even when you are prepared, God has to show you that even though you come to the point that you didn't think that you was going to overcome, he said, "I still got a way." Even though you didn't think that you was ever going to win that fight, God said, "I still got a way." Even though you didn't think that, "Hey, I was ever going to make it through this, God still had a way." You just got to be like, look up and say, "Lord, I need you to provide the way for me. Lord, I need you to show me the way cuz I can't see it through the Red Sea. Lord, the waves are tossing and the and there's big things in the water. I can see that, but I can't see how you going to make dry land. But you see, when I got to a point that I realized I didn't have to see it. All I had to do is believe that you was going to do it. Hey, that changed your perception. That changed how I walked. That changed even my thought about my enemy. Cuz I wasn't looking at him no more. Cuz you had my back covered. See, he ain't never give you nothing for your back cuz he covered it. Amen. And said, when I realized that, all I had to do was lift my hands up and walk forward. And lift my hands up and walk forward. Cuz when you lift your hands up is a sign of surrender. Yes. Anytime you see someone surrender, they raise the right flag and they lift their hands up. And when you surrender to God like that, God can do things and allow you to come out of things that you didn't think was possible. All you had to do is lift your hand up and say, "Lord, Lord, Lord, I need help. Lord, I surrender to you. Lord, I give you everything. Lord, Lord, I surrender to you. Lord, Lord, I want you to be the ruler of my life." See, when you do that, God can bring you through. You can come through on dry land and that enemy that's chasing you, you'll see them no more. See, God has a way that even when you are prepared, he said, "I made a way of escape. I made a way that that you can't understand and it's not for you to understand. All I want you to do is believe." That's all I want you to do is to believe. said the prophet of God said, "If you can get the people to believe, then all things are possible." That's why the angel loved that song because all you have to do is believe that Lord, you can do it. And then you got to keep that faith that even though I can't see it, Lord, you still going to do it. And when I can't see it, Lord, you still going to do it. And you can't let your faith waver that God is not able to do what he said he was going to do. And when you don't let your faith waver, you can be in the barber shop when you see God do it. It don't matter when he does it. It's that he promised that he would do it. See that that sometimes we get so anxious trying to figure out when God is going to do it. And and sometimes that can make your faith waver because you you said it's meant too long. But was it too long for Lazarus? He was in the ground for 4 days before Jesus showed up. And when he showed up, he said the disciples asked him, "Why are we going to see him? He already dead." And Jesus said, "He sleepeth." Yes. Because Jesus knew what was going to come. So is he ever too late? Is your battle too great for him? But see, you got to be ready when the battle comes. See, the whole point that I I wanted to hope that you got is that when my battle comes, Lord, I want to be ready. Yes. Cuz I got a battle that I got to fight and you got a battle that you got to fight. And sometimes you got to touch and agree and come together and say, "Lord, I'm here because I don't have strength to fight no more. But Lord, I need you to give me strength. And Lord, I need for I need to pray for strength. Lord, give me strength to fight the battle. Lord, give me wisdom for how to handle the battle that I'm facing. Lord, guide my footstep. Guide my tongue. Lord, guide my actions. Lord, Lord, in this battle that I'm fighting, Lord, Lord, touch me that I can overcome, Lord, do something in me that when I fight this battle, Lord, I know that you coming and you going to rescue me out of it. See, but he's the God that never fails. He's the God that never leave you helpless. He'll never leave you alone because he said, "I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you." So tonight, I ask, are you ready for the battle? And if you're not ready for the for the battle, tonight is your opportunity to say, "Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, Lord, pure and holy, tried and true, and with thanksgiving, let me be a living sanctuary for you." See, that's what God wants to do if you will let him. If you say, "Lord, when my battle comes, I want to be ready." And then if you say that, I believe the Lord will prepare you for your battle. I believe that the Lord will do something in your life that'll change it. And that'll make you and you make that decision that God allow you to grow and become to a certain point that you can say, "Lord, I'm ready for the battle." Amen. I'm no longer afraid. When the enemy comes in the silent of the night, I know that you prepared a secret place for me. Oh yes. I know that you got a place that's prepared for me. And when I turn to the right, I don't have to worry. When I turn to the left and can't see nowhere to go, I don't have to worry cuz I know that even in when I can't see a way that you got a way of escape. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Thank you. You fight [Music] on. Amen. You say you fight on. Amen. Amen. Keep fighting. Amen. Amen. If you fight the good fight of faith, you can lay hold on eternal life. Amen. He said the battle is not yours, but it's the Lord. Amen. Must be ready. We thank God. Sister Linda, we're glad to see you in the night. Appreciate everyone. [Music] Amen. We know that there's an oncoming storm and the battle of Armlagettton is look like it's heating up over there and Ukraine and different parts of the world and they're battling. They're having trade wars and all kind of wars going on. But you got to realize it could come nigh even the effects of these battles can come to your house. Not just to America, but to you as individuals. Amen. These these things that are happening, these walls that are taking place could come nigh to you. So you must prepare yourself. Amen. God can hide you in the cliff of the rock. Yes, Lord. Are you with me? Amen. So you said, "The wall shall encamp against me, and this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, to behold the beauty of the Lord, in the inquiring his temple. For in the time of trouble, he should hide me. Amen. He said, "Hide me in the secrets of his tabernacle shall he hide me." He should set me up upon a rock, and now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies around about me. Amen. Why? Because he said, "The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Whom shall I be afraid? Amen. And when the wicked, even my enemies, Amen. You know, Amen. God, he got you. Amen. Oh, yeah. God bless you tonight. We're not going to prolong the time. We appreciate the word tonight. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Let us just stand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God, you're faithful tonight. And as we look to you tonight, Lord, we ask you, oh God, to prepare each and every one of us. Help us to prepare ourselves for you said the bride has made herself ready. Lord, Father, may your bride make herself ready. Lord, you said, "Oh God, in a time of peace, we should prepare for war." Yes, Lord. Lord, so Father, in the name of Jesus, Yes. help us to prepare ourselves. Yes, Lord. Because Lord, we got to fight for every inch of ground. Amen. Amen. That you gave us. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord God. We know that the promises are laying before us. Yes, Lord Jesus. The third full, the spoken word. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Rapturing faith. Yes, Lord. It's here now. Yes, Lord. For us to enter into that realm. Yes, Lord. To that dimension, that channel. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. That we can go home. We can get out of this wicked world. Yes, Lord. Lord Jesus, will you send help from your sanctuary? Yes, Lord Jesus. Help your children tonight. Yes, Lord. Speak to every need tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. Touch every heart tonight. Yes, Lord. Break every yoke tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. Pull out every stronghold. Yes, Lord. Heal and deliver. Yes, Lord. save and set free. Yes, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ. For Father, we thank you now. Thank you. Hallelujah. If you have a need in your life, hallelujah. If you haven't given Jesus Christ your heart, why don't you prepare yourself because surely the war's going on now. [Music] There are natural wars going on and there's spiritual wars going on. If you're here tonight and you haven't given Jesus your life, why don't you do it now? Jesus, forgive me of my sin. Come into my life. Jesus, I need you now. I want to be ready. Yes, Lord Jesus. I don't want to get ready. I want to be ready. Yes. For you said the bride made herself ready. His wife. So, Father, I pray you give peace. I pray you touch these lives and every heart that is open tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Lord, you said you said repent, be baptized, every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. If you have not been baptized in water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, why don't you come and as a said, I want to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We have water, we have clothes. You can go down in the name of the Lord Jesus tonight before you leave here in Jesus Christ's [Music] name. We thank God for you again. Thank God for the word. God bless you tonight. Let us bow again. [Music] Father, may you keep us. May you watch over us. May you bless Brother Caleb, Lord, in his ministry, Lord. May you continue to be with him, Lord. May you speak through him and speak to him in Jesus Christ's name. Bless every heart that press the way out. those that are listening in, the Lord may something said that would touch their lives, make a difference for them. And as we depart this place tonight, whenever your presence, may you go with each and everyone till we meet again. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] [Music]
