################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - Minister D. Gibson Coming Into Obedience - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-27
Title:    Minister D. Gibson: "Coming Into Obedience"
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1_StI9ueMQ
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Okay. Down. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] That's [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, praise him. [Music] Praise him. Praise him. Praise him Jesus. Bless his savior. He's worthy to be praised. Oh, we will praise him. Praise him. Oh, and we will praise him. Oh, and praise him. Jesus. Jesus. He's worthy to be praised from the rising from the rising the sun until the glory of the Jesus worthy of You worthy. Oh, he's worthy to be praised. Oh, and we will. Oh yes, we will praise him every day. We'll praise you. Oh yes, we'll praise you. Oh, from the rising heat. Oh my Jesus. Jesus worthy. I will. Oh, and I will. Yes, I will. Oh, he's been so good. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. [Music] Oh, bless. [Music] Oh, worthy. Oh, Jesus is worthy to be praised. Yes, he's worthy to be praised. Amen. He's worthy to be praised this morning. Amen. Let us all stand. [Music] Let us bow. Oh Lord, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house this morning. Lord, we want to give you all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Lord, we thank you for another week and another life's journey. Lord, we thank you for just being so good. And Lord, we ask that you send your anointing this morning. Move us out of the way, Lord. Get all the glory, the honor, and the praise. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] said, "I just want to praise you forever and ever and ever. For all you done, you done for me. Blessing and glory and honor they all belong to you. Thank you for let me Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. They all you Oh, I just want to forever and ever and ever Oh, they all belong to you. [Music] Oh, forever and ever and ever. [Music] They all you for let me just do forever and ever and ever. Oh, you love me. [Music] Oh, bless they all. Yes, they do. Oh, bless me. Send they all. Oh, bless me. and honor. Yes, sir. This morning they all thank you for blessing me. Amen. They all belong to him this morning. Amen. This time we ask the sisters if they going to give us a song. Uhoh. Uhoh. [Music] Hey, [Music] so many precious in life and so many reasons. to throw in the towel. But when I feel like I'm losing this fight, consolation from heaven comes clearly to me to remind me to remind me that nothing else matters. But seeing you Jesus, seeking the master, the one who reigns over my life. Nothing else matter, &gt;&gt; nothing else. Nothing else you Jesus. I want to just pass hear your voice me and you come complete to remind me that nothing else nothing else matters. [Music] So many rivers across the glory mountains deseraching you. Just don't focus on yesterday's loss. consolation from heaven cuz clearly to you to remind you to remind you nothing else matters but sing you Jesus want to be alone singing the Master Master over my whole life. Nothing else mattering you Jesus. Oh, just to your feet your voice left me pouring you. I'm completely remind me that nothing else, nothing else matters. We're all good before you. I need to receive a break from heaven. I will not leave till you touch me. Oh Lord, I pray I need you every day with all of my heart. I believe that you're all I ever needed. You're all I ever need because nothing else matters but seeing you Jesus. I just want to see Lord speaking the master picking the master the one who over my life nothing else matters nothing else nothing else I'm singing you Jesus I just want to see you Lord just I don't be your This lift me out of this poring you. I'm humbling just to think at your feet. Your voice clearly lift me out of pouring you. I complete the sing your voice. Lift me out of glory. I'm complete to remind me that nothing else, nothing else matters. Nothing else matters, Lord. [Music] [Music] Say my hallelujah belongs to you. Then hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. Lift your voices. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. Said, "All of the glory to you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All the glory. You deserve it. [Music] Heat. Heat. You thank you for Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, I love you. Yes, Lord. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Hello. Heat. Hallelujah. Belong Hallelujah belong. Amen. My hallelujah belongs to you. Amen. This time we ask the brothers come give the announcements and take up the offering. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord everybody. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; My hallelujah or our hallelujah belongs to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. Like to welcome everybody to Bride Tabernacle this morning. Our pastor Joseph Green who will have his annual missionary camp meeting August the 5th through the 8th. Guest ministers will be brother Donnie Reagan, Brother Wayne Lawson. Our annual tent revival will be August the 28th through the 31st. guest ministers. I let Pastor Isaiah Brooks, Pastor Jean Williams, and Pastor Jimmy Nasha. The Church of New York City Sister Retreat will be September the 25th through the 28th, and that's at Spruce Lake Retreat Center in Pennsylvania. Guest ministers, guest pastors, Isaiah Brooks, and Pastor Keith Reed. Church reminders. Uh, church deep cleaning will be Saturday, August the 2nd at at 9:00 a.m. Submit any church repairs to the pastors or the trustees. And fasting and praying for the tent revival will begin August the 1st through the 21st. And that's fast to to your discretion based on your health needs. Prayer requests. Isetta Anderson, Adam Legette, Terry Stewart, Mini Sab, Dura Champel, Adrien Brooks, April Taylor, and Jennifer Jones. Like for everybody to enjoy the remainder of the service. Let us all stand. Let's bow. Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come into your presence with thanksgiving and joy. We pray that you bless the tithes and offerings. Bless brother Dwayne as he yields himself to you so you may speak your oracles and your word to us. And Lord, we love you. We adore you. Grant all of these blessings in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you for all things. Let the church say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] Can you Can you feel Can you feel God moving? Can you feel God moving? Can you feel God moving? I feel it moving in my hand. Can you feel the moving? Feel the moving. And you are moving. I feel it moving. Can you feel moving? Do you feel that moving? Can you feel the moving? Oh, can you feel the moving? Oh, can you feel the moving? Can you feel the moving? I feel it moving. Oh, I feel Yes, I feel. Yes, I feel. Yes, I feel. Yes, I feel. Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel. Yes, I feel. Oh, can you feel the moving? Oh, I feel moving. Can you feel the moving? Oh, I feel in my head. Can you feel the moving? Oh, feel that moving. Can you feel the moving? Oh, I feel my feel in my feet. Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel Yes, I feel. Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel him moving. Yes, I feel him here. He's right here in this place this morning. Yes, I feel him moving. Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel him moving. Yes, I feel Oh, he's moving all over. Moving all over me. Yes, he's moving all over me. Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel Yes, I feel. Oh, I feel Yes, I feel. Oh, can you feel the moving? Can you feel the moon? Can you feel the moon? Oh, my Can you feel the moving? Can you feel the moving? Can you feel God moving? Oh, I feel it moving. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I feel it moving. Amen. Hallelujah. Thanks be to God for that in Jesus Christ's name. We thank God for the pastor this morning, Brother Henry. We call him Brother Henry by the grace of God. Thank God for him allowing us to stand here this morning, minister the word of the Lord. We bring you greetings from Mullen, South Carolina, from the pastor, brother Nathaniel Simmons, and all the saints over there. My wife and my daughter is not with me this morning. Uh they're giving our school supplies. So children got to go back to school, giving them pencils, painting, whatever may be needed. Amen. For them to be successful. Amen. In this upcoming school year, God want you to be successful. In order to be successful, you need the tools. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. In order to be successful in Jesus Christ's name. It's time. We're not going to prolong the service. We're going to bow our heads in word of prayer. Hallelujah. Lord, you're moving. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for your presence, Lord God, for the your anointing, Lord God. Hallelujah. We ask you to bless this morning, God. We thank you for allowing us to be here, giving us safe travels down the dangerous highways, Lord, keeping us in the name of the Lord Jesus. We ask you to forgive our sins, Lord, transgressions, the iniquities, shortcomings, anything your presence, Father, your anointing. Again, we thank you for the pastor of this assembly, Brother Henry Simmons. Lord, allow us to stand here this morning to minister the word, Lord God, to this congregation. We ask you to bless us now, God. We commit all things in your hands. Have your way, Father. We give you the praise, honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I want you to turn us to the book of Corinthians. Amen. Praise the Lord. Book of 2 Corinthians [Music] the 10th chapter. And we begin at the fourth verse. If you got it, say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. We got weapons. Praise the Lord. We got tools we can use to defeat the enemy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Weapons of our warfare are not carnal. We don't fight like we used to fight when we've been in the world with fists and stuff like that. No, we got different. We got spiritual weapons now. &gt;&gt; But mighty through God to the pulling down what? Strongholds. Amen. Anything that's trying to bind us. Casting down imagination and every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. You want to bring everything down into obedience. Amen. and having a readiness to revenge all disobedience. We want to get rid of every disobedience. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When your obedience is fulfilled. Amen. Let us pray. Gracious kind heavenly father, we have read your word. Now, God, you just have your way. Bless the people, father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. From the reading of those uh scriptures, they won't take the topic coming into obedience. Coming into obedience. We understand that all the trouble is in the world today is because of disobedience. Somebody disobeyed. All the trouble we see going on in our lives is because of disobedience. We don't want to obey. But God wants us to come into obedience. He want us to be obedient to his word. &gt;&gt; And that what God purposes and everything that we do for God and inside the kingdom of God is to bring us into obedience. So, we want to be ready, as the scripture says here, having a readiness to revenge all disobedient. We want to get every disobedience out the way. We don't want no disobedience inside the kingdom of God. God want only obedience. Amen. And that's obedience to the word. So, everything we see going on is all because somebody don't want to obey. &gt;&gt; Children get in trouble because they don't want to obey their parent. They disobedient. Mama tell them don't do this. Daddy said don't go here. Don't do this. But because of disobedience, they find themselves in trouble. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Doubts the same way. They get admonished by the word of God and tell them not to do this, not to do this. But because the spirit of disobedience is upon them, they go along and do what they want to do. &gt;&gt; And we find out they always in trouble. All your trouble in life come because of your disobedience. &gt;&gt; You have been disobedient somewhere down the line. So thereby you got your troubles. But God here this morning want to bring you out of your troubles. Amen. Out of your disobedience and want you to come into full obedience to what? The word of God. And a lot of people get twisted. I would use the word twisted. But they get mixed up sometime. And when talking about obedience because they think they're being obedient to a man. So therefore, they're looking at the man and not looking at what the word of God says. &gt;&gt; You're not being obedient to the man. You're being obedient to the word of God. God word calls for obedience. See, don't be disobedient. be obedient to the word of God. Why are we here this morning? Why are we in the shape we in? Why are we in a trouble we in? Because one man decided to disobey the word of God. &gt;&gt; Let's go to the book of uh Romans, the fifth chapter. One man decided that he going to disobey God's word when God told him what to do. Don't eat off of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. But he made his decision to eat off of the tree. And all that is a type of Christ. We'll get into that. Let's go to Romans uh the 5th chapter the 19th verse. So all we hear today is because of disobedience. Don't you you your trouble in your life is because you've been disobedient. You will not listen to what's right. God has put it before you and you chose to walk over it. If you want to get out of your troubles, then come obedient to God's word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Romans 15, I mean Romans um five. Amen. Praise the Lord. Romans 5 and begin at the 19th verse. Amen. Praise the Lord. For as by one man's what? &gt;&gt; Disobedience. &gt;&gt; Disobedience. Many were made sin. All are sinners today. Born in sin. Come into the world speaking lies. Why are you a sinner today? Because Adam disobeyed God's word. That why you a sinner. Need salvation? Because Adam disobeyed what God told him not to do. do not eat off of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. But he was disobedient to God's word. And therefore, all of us now are sinners except those of us that have accepted Christ. Amen. He's come to take away our sins. Amen. He come to take away what? The sins of the world. See, we accepted his sacrifice. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, his disobedience now, he didn't have to be disobedient, but he chose to be disobedient. That's very important right there. We're going to get to that. He chose disobedience. Adam chose. He was not deceived. The Bible say Eve was deceived. Let's go to Timothy. Praise the Lord. Adam chose disobedience as a type of Christ because his bride was in trouble. His bride now was on the side of life. She's on the side of death. Therefore, Adam loving his bride, he chose to die with his bride, typing out what Christ came to do for us. Adam chose disobedience. He wasn't deceived. The devil didn't deceive Adam. Adam made a full conscious decision to disobey what God told him not to do because he wanted to redeem his wife. Eve fell on the other side. But Adam loved Eve. Hallelujah. When you love somebody, Jesus, greater love had no man than this that he lay down his life for his friend. &gt;&gt; Amen. Adam loved Eve and therefore he stepped on the other side of the word in order to redeem her back. He did not was deceived. Devil couldn't deceive Adam. Adam wants the word. Amen. So God had he had to make a decision to break God's word. Become disobedient in order to bring salvation to his wife, his bride. Christ did Christ did the same thing. Let's go to Timothy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Second Timothy, I mean First Timothy 2. So disobedience, what our problem is. All of us got that same problem. If God don't help us, &gt;&gt; if God don't help you this morning with your disobedience, you can find yourself in a whole lot more trouble. You got to got out. You got to come into what? Obedience. That what the spirit of God want you in. He want you in full obedience to what? The word of God. Come into obedience this morning by the grace of God. Amen. Come into obedience to God's word. Not to a man, but to the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go. Timothy 1 Timothy uh the 2 chapter and we going at the uh the 12th verse. Um that's at 11. Let let the woman learn to solemn with all subjection by suffering not a woman to teach nor authority over the man but to be in solemn. Notice now notice God's order. For Adam was what? First form headship. See a woman can't be over a man. She had must come on the head shoulder. Adam was first formed. Then who? Eve. And Adam was what? Not deceived. Adam wasn't deceived. He knew exactly what he was doing. He made a conscious decision to disobey God's word. He made a conscious decision to step on the other side in order to redeem his bride back to him. See Jesus Christ did the same thing. He made a conscious decision to come down of glory. The Bible made sin for us who what knew no sin. He made a conscious decision to come down from his glory and to redeem us back to him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, he didn't he didn't had to do it, but he had us on his mind. We are his bride. If you're a part of Christ, you are the bride of Christ. That's right. Jesus Christ made a conscious decision to come down in order to redeem his bride back to himself. &gt;&gt; His bride got out out of she was in disobedience. Adam bride was in disobedience. So was the bride of Christ in disobedience. Now God in the last days is bringing her back to obedience to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. We get to that. Amen. So the woman caused she didn't cause the problem but the Bible said that she was deceived and she was in the transgression. So in a way she did cause the problem. Now Adam because of his love had to step on other side of God's word in order to redeem her back. So woman got their place. Amen. Praise God. All women got their place in Christ. They got their place in the home. They got their place uh where God placed them at. So a woman not supposed to get out of place because when she gets out of place then she becomes disobedient. See and that what the problem is today we see some disobedient out of females. They do not want to come under obedience when God command them to be under obedience. So if you're going to get married remember you got to obey your husband. Come on somebody. You you got to come under obedience now. You can't just do what you want to do no more. You got to come under obedience. And Eve got out of out from under her headship. She should have waited on Adam instead of messing with that old serpent. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; She should have waited on Adam. But she did her she did her own thing and got deceived by the serpent. That's right. If she would have waited on her husband, she might have made came through. But because she did it on her own, then she Bible say she gave to Adam after she done what she did. But you see, she got from under her headship. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Got from under her leadership. And when you get from under your leadership, then you're disobedient. You're disobedient to what? Your husband. Disobedient to what? The word of the Lord. Husband, love your wife. Wives, honor, obey your husband. See, that's what the word say. Be obedient to the word. come into obedience this morning. Amen. Praise God. Look, here's another scripture here. Okay. So, we find a Eve was into what? Transgression. Because she chose not to wait on her head. &gt;&gt; The Bible says Adam was first formed than who? Eve. See? Headship. Headship. Let's read that. Look at it. 1 Corinthians 11. So, you got to come under headship. And when you don't come under headship, then you become disobedient. Disobedient to what? The word of the Lord. See, y'all got a place. Children got their place. Wife got their place. Husband got their place. We're all under obedience. We're going to be obedient to somebody. Are we going to be disobedient to God? You going to obey the devil? Are you going to obey God? See, so which one you going to choose this morning? I I impair you uh by the word of the Lord. Come under obedience to the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Come under obedience to his word cuz why it is good and is the right thing to do cuz God himself are looking out for your well-being. Everything God tells us to do is for our well-being. When God told them not to eat up the tree of the knowledge, the good and the evil from the beginning, it was for their well-being. See, but when they crossed that word, then bad things happen. We every babies crying, babies sick, uh uh people killing, all kind of stuff going on, but one man's disobedient. Just go that one act of disobedience cause everything to be the way it is today. See? Okay, let's go to uh 1 Corinthians 11. One act of disobedience cause your whole home to be destroyed. Children, one act of disobedience cause your whole home to be destroyed. Throughout that, you might end up in jail. You might end up on drugs. You might end up on alcohol, all that. And what what what up the rest of your family going to do? Going to throw them all in disarray. Discord because why? You was disobedient. You chose not to listen when the right thing was told by the grace of God. Amen. 1 Corinthians 11. Chose not to listen. And people do it consciously in this in this generation. People know what they're doing. They choose not to obey. Ain't nobody making them not obey. They choose it themselves. They want to be disobedient. They want to not obey what God word say. But we in the last days. Praise God. And we we looking for a rapture that takes place. And God is trying to get you ready to get in that rapture. You can't go in there if you're disobedient to the word. So, you got to come into full obedience in order to get there by the grace of God. Okay. 1 Corinthians 11. Praise the Lord. [Music] The third verse, but have you know that the head of every man is who? &gt;&gt; Christ. We got a headship. I got headship over me. That's Jesus Christ. He's the word. That's right. I got headship. I can't do what I want to do. I can't go where I want to go. I used to one time, but now I'm under the headship and now I must be obedient to what he says if I want to go where he wanted me to be at. I'm under headship to what? The word. I can't do I want to do no more. The head of every man is who? Christ. So Jesus Christ should be your head this morning. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Every man in head, Jesus Christ should be your head. If Jesus Christ not your head, you need to make him your head. Amen. Why? Cuz he will lead you and guide you the right direction. Amen. Where the where you need to go how you need to be. Now the head of every man is Christ. And the head of the woman is who? &gt;&gt; The man. You didn't get here by yourself. You had to get You had took a man to get you here. Come on, somebody. A lot of women say, "I don't need no man." How'd you got here then? You got here by a man. See, that's why man is the head of the woman. You about get Why you teaching that? Because if you don't come in a headship, you be under disobedience. Many women in the last days uh they want to be career women and stuff like that and do what they want to do. So therefore a lot of them disobey their husband. They don't come under the headship of what their husband tell them to do because they got their own money. They got their own job to do what they want to do. So therefore they don't come under headship &gt;&gt; and and all and all it does is tear up the house, make things rough in the home. Why? Because the woman is supposed to be under the man. &gt;&gt; Amen. She's supposed to be under headship. See, and that's what it comes to. Headship means coming under obedience. Know the head of the woman is the man and the head of Christ is who? God. Even Christ got a head. God. Come on, somebody &gt;&gt; in the flesh. He's I only do the thing that my father tell me to do. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; I only do what the father tells me to do. I have not done anything of myself. When my father speak, that's what I do. See, he was under headship. &gt;&gt; Jesus didn't do what he wanted to do. He listened to what the father led him to do. He was always being led by the spirit. Ain't we supposed to be led by the spirit? &gt;&gt; Always being led by the spirit. Only does only thing he does what the father showed him. Means I can do nothing of myself but what the father shows me that I will do. So showing his headship. He had to be under the word also because he was the word. Amen. So that what it is. So a headship. Amen. Bring coming into bringing obedience back. And that what God wants to do. Bringing full obedience back. Amen. To the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Let's go to uh 1 Corinthians 14. We're going to get this to you by the grace of God. Amen. Praise 1 Corinthians 14. Amen. Amen. Uh uh second Corinthians, excuse me. Uh second Corinthians. Amen. Praise the Lord. I got first Corinthians. Okay. Uh y'all forgive me. Let me see now. I got my scriptures mixed up. That's all right. Let's go back to the book of Romans. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's get this part right here. Amen. Romans the 5th chapter. Hallelujah. All right. Romans uh 5 and1 17 it say no for one man's offense death reign by one. Much more they receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign of life by one Jesus Christ. Therefore, as by the offense of one, judgment came upon all men to condemnation, even so by the righteousness of one, the free gift came upon all men into justification of life. For by one man's disobedience, we were all we were made sinners. So by the obedience of one shall all be made righteous. Notice now Jesus Christ came, Amen, as a son and he lived a life of obedience. &gt;&gt; Amen. and his life was a life of obedience. The Bible say we were made sinners by the disobedience of one. Now we're made righteous by the obedience of one. Here come one now that's willing to submit himself to the word of God. He did not fight against nothing God says and not my will but what thy will be done. See that's when it come to submitting now to headship. Submitting now to what the word what the word sow. So Jesus was obedient to every word of God. By his obedience to the word, he was able to bring righteousness back to me and you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Adam through his disobedience brought us into condemnation. But Jesus Christ, amen, the Bible calls him the last Adam. He brought us back into fellowship with God if we can accept what he did. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He brought us back into fellowship of what he did because he was obedient to what the word says. Amen. He would not was not uh disobedient. He was obedient. Amen. Everything the word of God say he should do. Amen. Praise the Lord. Look at that again. Let's go to uh Philippians. Amen. Jesus Christ. Thank God for his obedience. He didn't rebel against the word like people do today. Tell them what the word say. They rebel against the word. Don't rebel against the word. Be obedient to the word. Amen. Let's look at Philippians. Amen. The second chapter. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Jesus cry. I hope y'all got that. obedient to the word. He was obedient. Therefore, he was able to bring salvation. Remember, man lost it. So, it took a man to bring it back. &gt;&gt; Couldn't be an angel. God had to come down himself, put on flesh, become man for me and you in order to show that somebody can be obedient to the word. That's &gt;&gt; right. Amen. &gt;&gt; As a man, not as angel, not as God, but as the son of God. a man that can be obedient to the word of God. &gt;&gt; So don't tell me you can't be obedient. You can if you want to. You just got to make the right choice. You can be obedient to the word of God. Christ was obedient to the word. Amen. Philippians. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Jesus Christ made a decision. Amen. That he was going to be obedient to the word. Amen. You need to do the same thing. Why? Because your salvation is on the line. People say they want to be saved. Then you got to do what it takes to be saved. You'll do everything it say in the Bible to be saved. Not if you want to be saved. Now, everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants you to do what it takes to get there. What it takes to get there is obedience. Obedience to the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Okay, let's look at let's go to uh uh Cor uh Corinthians. Amen. Praise the Lord. Notice uh the fifth verse. Second I say Corinth Philippians Philippians 2:5 said let this mind be in you which are also in Christ Jesus. He the same mind who who being in the form of God thought not rob with God but made himself of no reputation and took upon him in the form of a made in the likeness of man of men. And being found fashion as a man he humbled himself and became oh what obedient unto death even the death of the cross. God tell him to go down to the Calvary. He had to go. The flesh was rebelling against him. He had to get in prayer. By the way, he praying great drops of blood was falling because the flesh does not want to submit itself to the word of God. He prayed, the Bible said, and he got to the point said, "Lord, not my will, but thy will be done." So, let let this cup pass from me, but not my will, but your will be done. He yielded himself to what God want him to do. The Bible said he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. See how obedient he was? Don't you know we got to do the Bible said thou sh you got to be obedient unto death. Not just when it going hard for you unto death. You got to be able to hold on until the last drop. You can't give up. They threaten your life. You got to be obedient unto death like Christ was. See, all the way down to the end, nothing changing your mind and your spirit. Amen. You're willing to be obedient no matter what it takes. You're willing to do. I'm I'm willing to sacrifice it for the name of the Lord. Amen. See, that what you got to do. Whatever Jesus did, he sacrificed it all for the name of the Lord. Not my will, but your will be done. He became obedient unto death. &gt;&gt; Amen. He went to that cross. Amen. For me and you. Praise the Lord. God got a name with above every name. No name higher than the name of Jesus Christ. The only name under heaven get my name whereby we must be saved. Ain't no other name out there can save you. No other name out there could defeat it. The devil his name. Well, the devil scared of his name. Amen. You get a bully out there, you beat him. He beating everybody. All take one person to beat that bully. And that bully see that person coming, he get scared, he run. That what Jesus Christ did. Devil's a bully. But Jesus Christ came and defeated them. And he hear that name of Jesus, he gets afraid. Amen. He afraid of that name of Jesus. It was used the right way. Now using faith and power of the Holy Spirit, he afraid of that name. Why? Cuz that's the one that defeated him. &gt;&gt; He defeated that bully of the devil. That way he come and try to bully you. Don't let him bully you. Call on the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Call on the name of the Lord. That's the name of the Lord about the scrum tower. Amen. Righteous runth into safe. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So uh Jesus Christ himself became ob was obedient. He had to be. Somebody had to be. Man lost it. It got to be bring back. Somebody had to be obedient. It couldn't be an Had to be a man like me and you. Flesh and blood. Had to be a man lost. Salvation, redemption to a man to bring it back. The man Christ Jesus. He came down as a man and was obedient to the word of the law. Hallelujah. See, that what God looking for today. Sons and daughters of God that can obey the word of the law for the hour they living in. Obey the word of the law. Come under obedience. Amen. In order to get out here in a in a rapture. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Notice now let's look at some examples here. I got a few examples here. Uh first of all, look, let's look at Abraham. Let's go to Genesis 22. Amen. Praise the Lord. How you know Abraham is our example? We children of Abraham by faith in Christ Jesus. That's right. &gt;&gt; You are children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. Do what Abraham did. You are the children of Abraham by faith in Christ Jesus. So therefore, you need to follow Abraham's steps. that we're supposed to be walking in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham. See now Abraham obeyed God. Amen. Praise God. Genesis 22. See now that's what you want to do. If you're a seed of Abraham, then what you do? You obey the word. See, Abraham's seed obeys the word of the Lord. They obey God's word. Just obey God's word. That what Abraham's seed uh does. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, you want to be obedient. You want to be Abraham's seed. Amen. Praise God. That's what we want to be this morning. We are by faith in Christ Jesus. We are Abraham's seed. By faith in Christ Jesus. That's right. Amen. Abraham faith seed. Not Abraham natural seed. Abraham faith seed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Notice now Abraham look at 22 and uh 18. Notice Abraham how what kind of faith Abraham had. Uh and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because thou hast what? obeyed my voice. Told him to do something very hard. It'd be hard for you to do it today. God to go off up your son Isaac. How many y'all want to sacrifice your children? I guess he's I'm going to cut her up. If you don't get them to Lord, you already sacrifice him. You sacrifice them to the devil. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't get them to the Lord. So you going to sacrifice them to God or you going to sacrifice them to the devil. Your choice. You don't get them to the Lord, you going to sacrifice them to the devil. You got to get them to the Lord. sacrifice him to the Lord. Abraham was willing. Amen. Praise God. God just gave him the son. This was his heart desire to get a son. I mean, Isaac from his wife Sarah. God gave him the son. And after God gave him the son, God said, "Go now offer thy son and only son Isaac whom thou lovest." Go from up there on the mountain Mariah. Go there and offer him up. Abraham being obedient to what God say. How many of us would have been obedient to that? Oh, that ain't no God. God never tell me to offer my son up, my daughter, nobody up. Who? That ain't God. Yeah. Abraham knew who voice it was. Abraham knew that was the voice of God. And he recognized the voice. Therefore, he was able to obey the voice. How many of y'all can recognize the voice of God this morning? Hallelujah. You got to be able to recognize his voice. His voice is his word. That's right. Abraham recognized the voice. It he knew that was God talking to him. Go there and offer up thy son thy only son Isaac whom thou lovest upon one of the mountain I tell you of go offer him up Abraham didn't stagger at it the Bible say he didn't stagger the promise of God through unbelief Abraham believed God and Abraham went up there went through everything got the wood got Isaac up there told the people y'all stay here y'all there while me and our son go and worship and we coming back he already speaking faith no doubt he know that God promised him Isaac he couldn't kill him or he had to raise him back up again. So he went there. Amen. He offered he would get ready to do a he had the knife in his hand ready to slay Isaac and the the angel voice came from heaven say don't slay the child. See then the voice came right here. Let's read that again by the grace of God. See I want you to know I mean the Holy Spirit I want you to get this. Uh and in thy sea shall all the nation of the earth be blessed because thou hast what? obeyed my voice. See, he obeyed the voice of God. Amen. Let's get go up a little a little further right here. Catch this right here. The ninth verse. And they came to the place which God had told him of. And Abraham built an altar there and laid the wooden altar and bound Isaac his son and laid him on the altar upon the wood. And Abraham scrept forth his hand and took the knife to slay his son. Obedient. Not thinking about it. Obedient. Not wondering about it. obedient. Hallelujah. Sometime we want to reason it out. Is that God talking? You got to believe it's him. Abraham did. See, he believed it was God telling him to do that. And because he believed, Amen. He got the reward. Notice he scrap forth his hand, took the knives, and the angel of the Lord called him out of heaven and said, Abraham, Abraham, he said, here am I. He said, lay not thine hand upon the lad. Now do thou anything unto him. For now I know that thou fierce God, see thy not withheld thy son, thine only son from me. See, give up everything for the Lord. That thing Yho did, give it up for the Lord. Be obedient. Sacrifice everything. Amen. For Christ's sake. Oh, hallelujah. We see that Abraham obedient to the word. Amen. Getting the the blessing because I have obeyed my voice. I in blessing. I'll bless thee. I'll bless thy seed after thee. I'm going to bless you. Why? Because you was so obedient to what I told you to do. &gt;&gt; That's what he said. Amen. &gt;&gt; See, that's why why people want to be blessed. Do you want to be blessed this morning? Hallelujah. If you want to be blessed, then come into obedience to the word of God. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, everything we know to do, right? Let's do it in the name of Jesus. Why? Because God are looking for obedience to the word of God. Hallelujah. Lord, help me to be obedient. See, that what you want your prayer to be. Help me to be obedient, Lord. If I'm disobedient, a lot of people don't want to confess they're disobedient, but if he is, then you need to ask God to help you this morning in Jesus Christ's name. He coming here to help you. He wants to help you by the grace of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Notice now, look at some disobedience. How many y'all think disobedience is good? This ain't no good, children. Disobedience ain't no good. Ain't no good at all. It'll get you in trouble. How many young people locked up in jail today this morning? How many young people done lost their life? How many middle-aged people, older people are in all kind of trouble all because they chose to be disobedient? The disobedience ain't no good. I rather be obedient than disobedient. I rather come into obedience to my parents. Amen. Those that have authority over me, I want to be obedient. I want to cuz I want the blessing. See, you want you want the blessing that comes from being obedient. Amen. Those Let's go to 1st Samuel 15. Amen. Praise the Lord. So disobedience is no good. It's no good. But why is of the devil? The devil is the one that started all this disobedience. He brought her inside the garden of Eden. He himself was disobedient to the word of the Lord. He himself rebelled against God inside heaven. Amen. He wanted to be something he wasn't he wasn't made to be. He wanted to be God. And all he was he was a created being. See, and he brought disobedience down to the earth. He brought it down and to the man and to the woman. So yeah, all the stuff the devil is the one that got people disobedient. We can read that to you by the grace of God. So you got to have you want to be obedient cuz the devil is the one that brings the disobedience. Let me let's read that real quick before we get there. I'm going to read that. Let's go back uh to the book of Ephesians. Amen. The second chapter. Say, "Brother, get that ain't right." Yes, it is. Ephesians the 2 chapter notice now uh Ephesians 2:1 and you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins when a time pass you walked according to the course of this world according to the prince of the power of the air the spirit that now workketh in who &gt;&gt; uh what disobedience so the evil spirit working got these children disobedient the evil spirit in the atmosphere that got the children disobedient. See, it's an evil spirit and they try to follow that spirit. Don't follow the crowd. Be different. Stand alone if you have to. The God can bless you. You don't have to be a crowd followower, a crowdleaser in the last days with these people, these disobedient spirits on them. See, children follow that. They want to be a part of the crowd and all that stuff. But they ain't ain't no harm in being different. Jesus was different. Hallelujah. He was not a part of any crowd. He wasn't a part of their denominations of that day. He was different. Therefore, they didn't like him. And when you act different and be different, there going to talk about you. But guess what? That's all right. See, don't let that scare you off from being different. When I say different, what I mean living like a Christian should live. You have to follow the crowd because the crowd going to lead you to the wrong place. Uh broad is the way, wide is the gate that leadth to destruction. Many there be which go there at because what straight is the gate, narrow is the way that leadth to life, and few few there be that find it. Did y'all hear that this morning? &gt;&gt; Wide is that gate to go to destruction. It's a broad gate. Many people going through there. The crowd, don't follow the crowd. Be different. Young people, be different. Stand your ground. Stand up for what you have learned and heard. Be obedient to it. Why? It going to save your life. Hallelujah. Amen. I got off a little bit. Praise the Lord. Notice now the spirit that now workketh where? In the children of disobedience. So what is a evil spirit? The prince of the power of the air. The spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. So it's the evil spirit of the devil that got people under disobedience. They don't want to be obedient. Why? Cuz the spirit in them won't let them. There evil spirit. Until that spirit is cast out, that's when he'll be obedient. Hallelujah. When the Lord saved my soul, that when that disobedient spirit left me. Hallelujah. I was a different person today. Hallelujah. Mama, what you want, mama? I'll do anything for my mama, my grandma. Why? That disobedient spirit was gone. Praise the Lord. I was a different person. Didn't want to be disobedient to mama no more. Praise the Lord. Whatever mama want, I got. The dis disobedient spirit was gone. Amen. Praise the Lord. God cast it out. Praise the Lord. See, until that disobedient spirit leaves your body, you going to be disobedient. See, there we go. Hallelujah. You got to come into the word. The word, what castes the spirits out. The Bible said Jesus cast out the spirit with his word. So when you come under the word, it castes out the evil spirit. If you allow the word to penetrate, if you allow the word to sink in, don't fight against the word. Be obedient to the word. Amen. See, it it castes out the spirits. Amen. Pray the Lord. Look at the script. Let's go to the book of Psalms. Let's go to 1st Samuel 15. Amen. Pray the Lord. We coming to a close. I want you to help me by the Holy Spirit. Amen. I want you to see the importance of this age that the spirit in this age is disobedient to the word. And God wants you if you a child to come under obedience. That was a coming into obedience. We working on that. Paul said those Corinthians, he said when you're obedient, having a readiness in mind to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled. See, when you can come to that point, you ready to obey every word of God, then you won't get around no disobedience. Amen. Well, say the prophet say full obedience gives you the right to what? The token. Full obedience to the word of God. See, that where you want to come to come to that full obedience. Look at first 1st Samuel 15. Praise the Lord. Notice now saw y'all know the story Saul. Uh he started off good but end up wrong. Y a lot of young people do. They start off good old older people too. I ain't excluding myself. Uh we start off right but what we end up wrong. Why? Cuz we got disobedient. We listen to the wrong thing. Is that what happened to Saul? Let's go to 1st Samuel 15 and uh start the 13th verse. Amen. Praise the Lord. What happened to Saul? He started off so good, doing the right thing, being obedient to everything Samuel told him. But then God told him to go and do something. God told Sam and Saul, "Go and kill those Amalachites." I remember what they did to Israel when they came out of Egypt and they passed by the way. They came and did evil to Israel. And God remembered that. Then God is sending Saul to avenge that. Don't you know your enemies, the people that do you wrong, God got them. They ain't getting away. Nobody gets away. Don't you worry about it. You go keep on being a Christian cuz God don't forget God. I remember that what Amalecch did. Now God is sending Saul down there to wipe him out. Let's read it by the grace of God. So he done went and now Samuel came to him and Samuel said to Saul and Saul said unto him, "Blessed be thou of the Lord. I have performed the commandments of the Lord." And Samuel said, "What mean the bleeding of the sheep? What mean the sheep around here?" So God said, "Go kill everything. Go kill ox and donkey, uh, sheep and oxen, uh, suckling and go kill everything. He won't leave nothing. Kill a little chilling. Kill everything." That's kind of cruel, don't it? That ain't cruel. God reward them for their sins. Don't you know God can reward you for your sins one day, too? You don't get right for God, you be lost. So God that ain't crew. They did it to themselves. God just executing judgment. Now y'all got to understand the righteousness of the Lord. The God is righteous. Amen. Praise the Lord. So now he comes back. He got sheep around him. He got oxen around him. And th say, they have brought them from the Amalachites. For the people spared the best of the sheep and oxen to sacrifice to the Lord thy God, and the rest we have utterly destroyed. Then Samuel said unto Saul, "Stay, and I will tell thee what the Lord has sent me." Notice your relatives, your friends, your cousin are called you to be disobedient if you listen to them. Saul listened to the people. He listened to what the people said. Oh man, that sheep look too good. Let's don't kill that sheep. Oh, that oxen, man. I can use that oxen around the house, man. Let's don't kill that oxen. Let's let's save if some of the stuff alive, Saul, because we can use this stuff. But what God say? God said, "Kill everything." That's right. Could y'all hear me this morning? &gt;&gt; God told him to kill everything, but he listened to the people. How many of y'all done got yourself in trouble because you listen to your relatives? You know you wasn't supposed to do that with old cuz old cuz said, "Let's do this right here. Let's go here. Let's do this." Oh, cuz don't you let C get you disobedient. Used to be obedient to the word of God. This is real. Uh uh he let the people persuade him to disobey God's word. How many of y'all let your relative persuade y'all to be disobedient to the word of the Lord? You rather listen to them or listen to your mama. I I get them a little all the time. Uh uh your friends don't come before your parents. Your parents come before your friends. I know you love your friends. You like to talk to them on the phone and FaceTime and all that stuff, but mom and daddy come first. When mom and Daddy say cut it off, let's cut it off. Mom and Daddy say let's put it up. Let's put it up. But my friends, so what? Your friends got to We don't need them right now. Need to be obedient to the word of the Lord right now. Hope y'all understand what we're saying. Your parents, your friends, uh parent, but your friends, your relatives, all that, all them people around you. Amen. They can cause you if you let them to disobey, be disobedient to the word of the Lord. This is what happened to Saul. He became disobedient because he listened to the people then listened to God. Look all the trouble it caused him in his life. He lost his kingship. A evil spirit from the Lord came on. He began to want to kill David. Look all that. All because of what? Disobedience. If you had went down there and did what God told him to do, none of that stuff would have happened. But because of his disobedience, he got in the shape he was in. How many people done lives just messed up because of one little act of disobedience? Hope you hear me this morning. Amen. You got to come into obedience to somebody. Got to listen to somebody. I hope you listen to the right person because you going to listen to somebody. Amen. They going to tell you what's right or wrong. Hope you don't listen to the wrong thing. I hope by the grace of God, you got enough discernment to come under the the the right thing. See, especially in the age we living in the last time, the last days and see all this stuff going on. So Saul, he chose to what? Disobey. All because of what the people said. All because of what my cousins say, my aunt said, my this one said, that one said, I'mma do like they say do because they know what they talking about. Not all the time they don't. Especially go against the word of the Lord. They don't nothing talking about. So you better be obedient to the word of the Lord. Amen. Notice now. So he he he got messed up. He messed up. A lot of people lives messed up. Amen. Let's go that scripture. Let's go to the book of Romans. There's another example I wanted to read you, but I'm going just talk to you about it. It was this man. It was a prophet. And God sent him to prophesy against this king. And God told him when he told him to go down, don't eat no bread and don't drink no water. Uh just go back another way. Don't stay around the place he went and prophesied. The prophecy came to pass and everything. And then all of a sudden there was old prophet there. A old prophet. And this old prophet. Yeah. This old prophet. And he was there. And he said, "Uh, which way did the man of God went that did the prophecy?" And he told him where the man of God went. He went and said man talked to him and said I'm a prophet too and the word of the law came to me and said come back and eat bread and drink water. Then the Bible say if an angel come from heaven come speaking any other thing let him be what? A cursed. Somebody tell you something contrary to what God word say let him be what? A cursed. And this old prophet lied to him. And the Bible say he lied to the man and he went back and ate bread and drank water where God told him not to do. And the Bible said a lion slew him. A lion caught him and slew him. And the Bible said a lion caught him and slew him because he was disobedient to the word of the Lord. See what disobedience cause? All kind of trouble. God said, "Lord, help me to be obedient." Amen. Let me be obedient to the pastor. Let me be obedient to my parents. Let me be obedient to the word of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let me be obedient. It's not what I want to do no more, but what you want to do, Lord. How many say, "Lord, have your way in my life." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, you done told the Lord to have his way. Let him have his way. &gt;&gt; Let him have his way. Be obedient cuz he not going to lead you wrong. Praise the Lord. We coming down. Let's look at it. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, uh uh uh let's go to Romans. Amen. The 10th chapter. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh, could y'all forgive me? Let's go. Okay, let me get to Romans. I got another scripture there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Romans uh 10 and uh 21. Praise the Lord. All right. Uh start the 17th verse. So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. But it say uh have we not heard? Yes. Verily the sign went into all the earth and the words to the end of ends of the world. But I say not Israel know. First Moses said, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people and by a foolish nation I will anger you. But Isaiah, Isaiah is very bold and saith, I was found of them that sought me not, talking us Gentiles, I made manif not after me. Notice, but the Israel he saith all day long I have stretched forth my hands unto what a disobedient and gains people. I wonder the same thing going on this last generation. You know, Israel is a type of the church coming out of the wilderness, coming out of Egypt. God brought us out of the world and we supposed to be coming out going to the promised land. Israel left Egypt. Amen. Going to the promised land. And all down through that journey, Moses had trouble with those disobedient people. All that journey. Y'all read read your Bible. How Moses suffered with those disobedient people. And God send all day long straight forth my hands unto disobedient people. I wonder the same thing going on here in the last days when God got a bride and get together and he trying his best to get people to come to obedience and they still being disobedient. Moses a type of Christ bringing the people out. I wonder the same thing. You know it happens again. See it repeats itself how it happened. Moses a prophet Christ Moses a prophet like unto Christ. Moses prophesied the Lord of God forever but prophet like unto me. Amen. And he said uh to me to him all the people come. So I wanted the same thing happening again. He went on a journey going to the promised land and here the people are still being disobedient. Won't come in obedience to the word of the law. See that what Moses problem was with the people of his day. I wonder the same thing going on today. Praise the Lord. It may be all right. Look at again. Let's go to another scripture here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go to uh let's see um the book of uh let's go to Luke Luke the first chapter. Praise the Lord. Luke the 1st chapter and uh uh one uh the 17th verse. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, talking about John the Baptist. John the Baptist, Amen, was prophesied he should come. Amen. For that day, and turn the people back to the Lord because they gotten away from God that Israel did. And so therefore, uh, Elias, if y'all read the Bible, y'all know the spirit of Elias. that Elias was uh came down to Israel when they was worshiping Baal and he came down he prophesied and turned the people back to God. All right. So now John the Baptist, amen, is here on the scene doing the same thing. He said he should go before him in the spirit of power to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. How many of y'all see that this morning? John the Baptist came with a ministry to bring the people back to the word of God. Say the hearts of the fathers to the children, the hearts of the children to the fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. God had done it today. He has sent a prophet. Amen. To turn our hearts back to the word of God again. Turn the disobedient to what? The wisdom of the just. Bringing us back into obedience to the word of God. Bringing us back into what? Obedience. see to God's word. That's where we want to be at. We want to be disobedient. We want to be obedient. That's right. Bible say once upon Paul say uh Peter said obedient children. We want to be obedient to what God word say. Amen. Praise the Lord. So you want to come uh into obedience. Amen. I want to get to a scripture by the grace of y'all. Pray for me. Let's go to uh first Kings uh let's see now. Okay. Praise the Lord. Let's go to uh first uh Chronicles. 1 Chronicles 29. It'd be good if Lord bless you to read this here. Hallelujah. Glory. Uh let's start at the uh 21st uh 20th verse of this uh Chronicles 29. And David said all the congregation now blessed the Lord your God and all the congregation blessed the Lord God of their fathers and bowed down their heads and worshiped the Lord and the king. And they sacrifice uh sacrifice unto the Lord and burnt offerings uh unto the Lord. on the morning after the evening a thousand bulocks and a thousand rams and a thousand lambs with their drink offering and sacrifice in abundance for all Israel. And then Eden drank before the Lord on that day with great gladness. And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time and anointed him unto the Lord to be chief governor and Zadok the priest. So talking about Solomon, how many Solomon is a type of Christ? Solomon kingdom was a type of the millennium. how he came into a prosperous period, amen, of for all Israel. And all Israel was subject unto Solomon. Amen. Because God had anointed Solomon with the spirit of wisdom and understanding. And all the nations worshiped Solomon. Brought Solomon gifts. Came to hear his wisdom because it wasn't a man on the earth that has the wisdom of Solomon. That's right. Now here he is anointed king. Amen. Type of Christ. All right. Then Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king instead of David his father and prospered and all Israel what? Obeyed him. I love that. All Israel from the teeniest child to the oldest man they became obedient to what Solomon had to say. Same thing get ready to take place. Everybody going to obey Christ. Come on somebody. You got to bow down now or bow. Let every knee shall bow. Every tongue shall confess he's law to the glory of God the father. Everybody had to do what? Obey Solomon. Had to come in obedience to what Solomon was doing. The kingdom, Amen, was under a great prosperity because God had came down. Amen. Y'all know when Solomon made to pray in the temple, the spirit of the Lord came down. It was so great they came stay in the house to minister. Why? Cuz God was establishing Solomon's kingdom. Now God doing the same when Christ come to reign, God going to establish his kingdom and everything going to have to obey him. There be no disobedience up there. Hallelujah. You either be obedience now or you won't be obedient later. See everything going have to come and be obedient to what Christ say. See Solomon is a type of Christ. When the kingdom is set up then everything going to obey him. Remember there's no backbiters up there. None of that stuff going to be up there in that day. See, all that going to be cast out now. Everything is under the reign of Christ. Everything comes under him. And everything that's up there is going to obey him. How many of you want to be obedient this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Obedience to what? The word of the Lord. See, not to man, but unto Christ. When you hear the word, then you want to be obedient to what the word is saying. There's so many things we can say along that line, but God knows. Amen. But the main thing is saints by the grace of God in this ob disobedient age that we live in from the White House on down he don't do nothing the courts tell him to do that's the most disobedient angate man the devil almost on the face of earth other than Satan everybody knows that ain't nothing hiding disobedient all his people that he elected to be with him disobedient agorant and stubborn will not listen to nothing that's right. What kind of spirit that is? The spirit of the devil. He did not want to listen to what was right. Therefore, God kicked him out of heaven. See, you got to be obedient. You can't walk this life being disobedient because bad things will happen. See? So, you got to come under obedience. Now, I'm imploring you this morning. Make your choice. Hallelujah. Make your choice to be obedient to the word of the Lord. I don't like that man. And don't let that get inside your way. Get be obedient to the word of the Lord. I don't like how you preach. Don't let that get in your way either. Be obedient to the word of the Lord. Hallelujah. Come under subjection to the word. Not to a man, but to the word. See, cuz that's what's going to save you in that day. The word of the Lord is what's going to save you. See, and God is calling now for obedience. Bible say past God wked at man's ignorance. But now in the last days calling all men unto repentance. God's not wake in that ignorance anymore. He's calling you, Amen, to come to obedience. Come to obedience this morning. Obey the word of the Lord. Young young people, obey the word of the Lord. Hallelujah. Our older people, we like we we done got so old and comfortable, we think we can do what we want to do. No, we still got to come in obedience. Let's go to listen to somebody. The old age don't excuse us. Amen. Praise God. We got to come under subjection to somebody. Hope it be the word of the Lord. Amen. Let us pray. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for your word. Thank you for the people, Lord, that sat patiently to hear your word. Pray someone said it'll be a blessing to them to help them in this journey of life. Hallelujah. As we journey, Lord, toward the kingdom of God. I pray you bless them, Lord. Thank you for brother Hen to stand here this morning. I pray you bless him, this congregation, you commit them inside your hands. We ask you to have your way. And we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank God for &gt;&gt; Brother Dwayne. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He's I thought about when they were teenagers, him and his first cousin. and his first cousin came down from New York and they were in high school and they were we were witnessing through Georgetown, South Carolina and walking through the streets knocking on doors talking to the young and the old to give their life to the Lord. And his cousin, first cousin always was in competition with him. They were a I think Dwayne was straight A's and high school. Could have went in any college scholarships and all. And the other cousin was AB student, but he wanted to be straight A too because he had that New York about him. He was always, [Music] you know, sneaky. But there was two. He knocked doors. He walked streets with me too. They both became ministers. And as they became ministers, somebody to came in the church and told the young man because both of them was more intelligent than me was uh intellect and educated. [Music] So I says well it was only the difference was God gave a gift. See one listened the other one people start saying man you're so smart and he listened to the people told him he's so smart he was and they told him said you ought to be over you ought to be over the pastor you you you you a pastor he listened next thing you know he was gone home. Thought he was Vicki. Later on in life, he called me sometimes 3 4:00 in the morning, family busted up, this that and the other. Said, "I want to come back to church and be a minister again." I said, "No, brother. You can't. You can't be a minister now." He said, "Yeah, but I want to come back." guy says, "No, your life, you got to get your life back together." But it he said, "Uh, but I want to come back and I want to preach. I want to tell people." I said, "No, you got to get your life together." But he didn't want to come under the terms of getting his life together. He just wanted to come back and get his status back and be back preaching like he used to. So, you can't do that. It's a It's pitiful now to see where his life ended up. [Music] It ended up he's doing life sentence for murder. It's something about being humble and being obedient. Going down that road. Two young men loving the Lord, walking the streets together. One was humble enough to be obedient. The other one [Music] until somebody got to him, listen to the wrong voice. You must you must be careful who you listen to. person that's concerned about you and care about you. As he said, listen to your parents to care and love you, but others will come in and try to tell you to listen to another voice. So many times I I said, "Lord, every time I think about that, I say, you can be so close to heaven, so close to God, and then it don't take but a little. It could have been any one of us. But thank God for his mercy that you can sit in the house of the Lord. Listen to your parents. Listen to those that love you and showing that they care about you. Don't let an outsider come and tell you that you're more than what because people know how to lift you up. But when you get in this shape that you're in, those people are nowhere to be found. God bless you this morning. Thank God for a young man holding on. He's in his 60s now. That probably 40ome years ago, but he's still holding on. As one fell by the other wayside, the other one still holding on. So young people in high school, you can make straight A's. You can hold on to the Lord and live a Christian life and God will bless you. And if you want to be blessed, obey God. Cuz that other road, listen to the wrong voice. I've seen countless numbers. I preached in a lot of prisons and I look at the young men and they said as I listen to them they cry sometimes when I was counseling and sat down with them and they cried and in tears just made their own decision young women and they just in tears. Why? Because they listen to the wrong voice. Some of them I felt so sorry for. One young man, he was in med school. He says, he said, "I want to get back in med school. Can you help me? I made the wrong choice. Just sometimes it's just one mistake and you lose everything that you gain. I can tell you about so many stories. So many young people I've talked to in the prison, made the wrong decisions. Some got out, they're ministers. Some got out, they married ministers. But as a whole, the cycle continues. Don't you go down that wrong road. Be obedient and let God bless you. Let us stand. [Music] Thank you for everyone coming. God bless you, sister. Glad you brought young man. Thank you for coming. Amen. I hope you come back. Praise God. God bless you. Let us bow. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, Lord, we thank you for your grace and mercy. Thank you for the opportunity to come into your house. As you said, I was glad when he said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Father, I thank you for your word today. And Lord, I pray that you, oh God, will be with each and every one of your children, Lord God, that you would touch lives. Help us all to be obedient, Lord. Sometimes, Lord, in life, we'll in the valley of decisions. Sometimes we're in crossroads of our lives, but in the crossroads and in the valley decision, help us to make the right choice. Lord, help us to hold to God's unchanging hand. Lord, we thank God for brother Dwayne holding on all these years to continue serving the Lord and being witness Lord God, we laid hands on him as a young man and desired to minister the gospel, Lord, and he held on, Lord. Father, I pray that these young people as a whole here today give their life to you. And Lord, they make a confession. Lord, I want to be obedient. obedient to my parents, obedient to the word. How about you, friend, brother, sister? Do you want to be obedient? Just lift your hand. Tell God, I want to be obedient. Obedience to your word. I want to hear your voice. I want you to lead me. I want you to guide me. God, I want you to have your way in my life, Father. For I need you every hour. Need you every day. God bless your children now. Thank you for Lord being so good and so real. Bless your children now in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. The race is not given to the swift. Amen. The battle to the strong. But I want you to know as those that are do it to the end, the same shall be saved. It's not how intelligent we are, not how smart you are, but it's just the grace of God that causes us to stand. And I thank God for his grace. Listen to what you've heard. Look at somebody said, listen to what you heard and take heed. [Music] Amen. Amen. God is good. God bless every one of you. Thank you for coming again. God bless you in Jesus name. [Music] [Applause]
