################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Pastor H. Simmons The Purpose of God According to Election - H Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    Pastor H. Simmons: "The Purpose of God According to Election"
Speaker:  H Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh9mqkuiccU
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] get down. Hey [Music] [Music] [Music] Please. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. With hands lifted above and lips filled we praise. Can we praise him this morning? Pray with a heart of thanksgiving. We bless thee, oh Lord. We bless thee, oh Lord. We bless thee. We bless thee, oh Lord. Jesus, Lord, we bless. We bless thee, oh Lord. Thank the Lord with a heart of thanksgiving. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless thee, oh Lord, with hands lifted up. With hands lifted up, lips filled with praise. And lips filled with praise. With a heart of thanksgiving, we bless, we bless thee, oh Lord, we bless thee, oh Lord Jesus, Lord, Lord, we bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart, with a heart of thanking. We bless thee. Amen. We praise you, oh Lord. Oh, we praise you, oh Lord, Jesus. Lord, we praise you, oh [Music] Lord, with a heart of [Music] thank. Amen. We love thee, oh Lord. We love. We love thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. With a heart of thanksgiving. With a heart of thanksgiving. Thank the Lord Jesus. With a heart of thanksgiving, we bless thee, oh Lord. Yes. Brother Gerald, open us with a word of pray. [Music] Amen. We bless thee, oh Lord, with with hearted thanksgiving. Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come into your presence once again with thanksgiving and praise. We praise that. We pray that you'll bless the services here. Bless the song leaders, Lord. Bless brother Gordon. Bless brother Caleb, Brother Josh, Sister Kesha, Brother Moses as he lead us to worship. Lord, bless those who are traveling and listening in. And Lord, get Brother Simmons out of the way so he may bring forth the bread of life to our hungry souls. Grant all of these blessings in Jesus Christ's name we thank for all things. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing that chorus. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. All that lives with lies within me. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that. I will bless. Amen. I will bless your name. Amen. I will bless your name. I will bless I will bless your name. I will bless your bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that. Thank the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that. I will bless. Amen. I [Music] will I will bless your name. I will bless the holy name of Jesus. Amen. I will bless your name. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I'll bless the Lord, oh my soul. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that is. Thank the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is. I will bless I will bless Jesus holy name. I will bless your name. I will bless your name. I will bless I will bless. I will bless your name. Oh I will bless your name. I will bless your name. I will bless. I will bless. Amen. Jesus is his name. Jesus is the name of Jesus. Jesus is yours. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. Jesus is your name. Jesus in your name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that within me. Bless, bless the holy name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Now bless the Lord oh my all that lies within me. Amen. Bless bless the Lord oh my soul. Bless the Lord. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Hey, thank you Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Pastor Angelica, come on and share this with me. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. [Music] [Music] Oh Lord, our Lord, how excellent is your name. Your name is strength. Your name is power. A strong tower makes me safe. And oh Lord, our Lord is your name. Your name is strength. Your name is power. A strong tower. Make me cry. There's nobody like you. I am [Music] I lord our Lord How excelling. Yeah. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yes. I think you [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. No one like the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Yes, sister. Come on. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you [Music] Jesus. He He paid a He paid a debt. He did not owe I owe a debt. I could not pray. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid an end that I could never make. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to sing him on that day? I will sing a brand new song of amazing praise all day long. I see the pain on it that I could never pay. So glad I'm your glad I'm your mercy and follow me. Oh that you found me and you set me free. All that I'm yours. Oh, that I'm your mercy and follow me. Oh, you found me and you made me free. know that I'm yours, Lord. All that I'm yours. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for loving me the way that you do. I just want to thank you, Lord, for loving me the way that you do. I just want to thank you in my soul. I want to praise you all day long. I just want to thank you, Lord, for loving me the way that you do. Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord, for loving me the way that you do. I just want to thank you, Lord, for loving me the way that you do. I just want to thank you in my song. I want to break you all day long. I want to make you [Music] and follow me. You found me and you mess your Oh my I'm glad you found me. Oh, you made me free. Oh, that I'm yours. I'm glad I'm yours. your mercy and follow me. Oh Lord, you found me and you set me free. I'm glad I'm glad I'm Lord, I'm your [Music] Jesus. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Wow. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You move mountain. You cause a wound with your [Music] power before me. There is nothing that's impossible. [Music] Only you move mountain. You call the wall with your power. perform miracles that you want. There is nothing that's impossible meal. There is nothing there is nothing that's impossible and [Music] we're standing and we're standing We're back. [Music] [Music] And we're standing away. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Don't know why, but I'm so glad that you're here. Jesus made a way. Don't know why, [Music] but [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. God made a way. Amen. Amen. We like to welcome everybody to Brad Tabernacle this morning on a prayer request. Zamir Crawford, Wanda Gillard, William Carroll, Isetta Anderson, Dave Stimbar family, Bulock Carter family. Our annual tent revival revival will be August 28th through the 31st. Additional information coming soon. like everybody join us in person for our weekly Sunday school every Sunday 9:30 a.m. and our weekly Bible study Tuesday from 7 to 8:00 p.m. Our study topics will be first the first seal and revelation 6 like for like for everybody to to enjoy the remaining of the service. Ask Caleb as brother Caleb to lead us a word of prayer. Let us all stand. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house one more time. Lord, we ask that you just bless the service today and Lord, lead us and guide us in. Lord, what you want us to do and how you want us to do it. Lord, bless the offering this morning. Lord, bless those that give and bless those that have the desire to give but just don't have. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Caleb gave me the next song. Lead me, guide me. Amen. Do the old time song. We can still do them. Amen. They don't never get old. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Lead me, guide. We sure need it along the way. Oh, if you lead me, Lord. [Music] Oh, if you lead me. Amen. I say, Lord, let me walk. Lord, let me walk in Jesus name. Amen. Stay with me. Oh Jesus. Amen. Leave me guide one more time. Leave me along the way. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I am [Music] weak and I need my strength and help me Oh my god. [Music] Lead me is Jesus. Lord Jesus me. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. Hey, Praise God. Lead me. Guide me. Amen. We thank God for everyone the pressure this morning and all our visitors. We thank the Lord for your press. Amen. Amen. Those that are listening in, we thank God for you. Let us stand at this time and ready for the word. Amen. God is good to you. Amen. Ain't God good? Amen. So many blessings undeserved. You [Music] know, you don't know, man. So, ain't God good? So many blessings. Amen. Amen. undeserved. Amen. But God is good. Amen. Amen. Let us just bow. If you have a special need, just lift your hand to the Lord. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, what a wonderful time, Lord. Lord, we know that destruction in the land, God is going to move his hand. Oh God, as we see the storms and tornadoes and Lord, oh your mercy, oh God, the floods and all that's hitting America, the changes within the political realm, Father, the turmoil that's going on in the world, but well Lord, we we can't put our confidence in this world, but Lord, we look to You said lead me. Guide me. That's what we need. Lord, you to lead us. Father, for you know what we need. Hallelujah. Father God, we thank you for the hands that were lifted and oh God that the needs Lord that you can meet. Father, those that on the prayer list this morning, God, may you touch their lives, may you minister to each and every individual, Lord. Lord Jesus, Father God, may you move by your spirit, may you break yolks and pull down strongholds. [Music] Oh God, in every imagination that exalt itself against the knowledge of God, may oh God, you cause your word to become life and alive to each and every one of us. Save, heal, and deliver. Bless us now, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Romans 9 and we said we going to pick up at the 11th verse but I'm going to backtrack a little to the eighth. That is they which are the children of the flesh. These are not the children of God. They first these are not the children of God. But the children of the promise are counted for the what? Seed. Seed. For this is the word of promise. At this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. And not only this, but when Rebecca also had conceited by one, even by our father Isaac, for the children being not what? yet more neither having done any good or what? Evil, that the purpose of God according to election might what? Might stand not of works, but of him that call. It was said unto her, the elders shall what? Serve the younger. It is written, Jacob have I what? Love, but Esau have I What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he said to Moses, I will have what? Mercy on whom I will have mercy. And I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. So then it is not of him that what nor him that what but God that what? Mercy. May God bless you. Read those words. You may be seated and we thank God for you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So I'm saying the purpose of God according to the election might stand. The purpose of God according to the election might stand. Amen. God has a purpose and his purpose will stand. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter who you are. It doesn't matter what you're doing and where you're going. God has a purpose. God's purpose according to the election. You might say, "Well, what is election?" And when we break it down and talk about the elect, we're talking about the those that have been picked out, those that have been chosen, the purpose of God according to election. Jesus said, "You've not chosen me, but I chose you." Amen. Amen. And he said, "No man can come to me except my father." What? Draw him. Amen. So, we got to realize you're not here by coincidence. God has a purpose for you being here this morning. And while you're here, you need to find out. I ask God, why am I here? Because somebody invited me because this is the church that I go to. Or do God has a plan and a purpose? He has a plan and a purpose for you being here. You let you be born at a certain time, in a certain season. Yes. Because God had a purpose in you being born at this season, in this time. Amen. said, "For everything there is a season, there's a time, and there's a purpose." Yes. Amen. To everything that's under the sun. Amen. So, by the grace of God, we come, we want to find out. And I wonder, you know, some 50 years ago, wonder why I I I love these scriptures so much. And I was preaching it, you know, back 50 years ago and seemed like the people were somewhat lost. They they they they were saying, "Uh uh, you uh we don't know what you what you're trying to do. What are you preaching?" Because at that time as a whole people wasn't dealing with God's fornowledge and predestination and going into that. Amen. They thought that this you could not you had to make your own decision and choice and that is right. It does not conflict with God election and God's forn knowledge and God's predestination. It does not conflict. It's just that when the opening of the seals and the opening of the word, I began to understand it in in a deeper uh way and a simplified way, but it was a deeper way. Amen. At that time, I was just doving into it as a young man and as a young minister. I was just uh you know ju just excited because I knew that within me I felt like these things meant something to me. Amen. It it meant that I was predestinated that that God had chose me. Amen. It just didn't start then. But in uh Ephesians 1, uh it it just didn't start. God has a purpose of God according to election. And uh Paul picked it up in the terminology of Ephesians here. Amen. And and it seemed a little strange and may not resonate with you and may not mean much to you, but it meant so much to me as a young Christian that Amen. that God had a plan for my life. Amen. And I found out that uh I wasn't to be a a football star, this or that. Amen. I I wasn't to be uh the or that, but God had a plan. Yes, I had a plan and I had some goals and things that I wanted to achieve and the way I wanted to go and God wasn't so much in the forefront of it. Lord, are you up with me? Amen. But there's a purpose and a plan for your life. Amen. But you got to come on one accord with God. But if not, then the world doesn't mean much to you. It just that we come to church because that's the thing we do. Amen. That's what we do. We go to church on Sunday. That's what we do. We go to church through the week. A Amen. But I don't really it does not really mean that much to me. Uh I I don't know the value of it. But uh you know that's if I want to go to heaven I just do these things you know. But really really understanding really having a a passion for the things of God. Really having a love for the things of God. Amen. There's no love there. You know, you know, you can even marry somebody and don't love them. Amen. Bless you, Jesus. You go and get the marriage license, but you don't love them. You don't care about them. You love them because it's convenient. Maybe your friend got married. Maybe everybody around you. Maybe you was getting old and left out. I got to catch me whoever I can catch now and just go on get married to somebody. But there's no love there. Amen. Let let me just get what I can. I might end up with nothing. See, some folk do things just to get by in life. Amen. Just that I don't want to look like other folk look. I don't want to look like an old maid. I don't want I want things. See, but God has a purpose and a plan. Yeah, sometime we feel in the natural. That's how we feel about our spiritual soul. Let me go to church somewhere. Let me set up under ministry. I believe I want to do this. Some folks say, "I believe I want to be a preacher, but don't qualify by no scripture." And if you go to the right church, it doesn't make a difference. You can go ahead and preach, but the stretcher condemns you. Amen. But Amen. You you're accepted. Amen. And we want to be accepted by uh by the world or by the church or by Amen. a certain ministry. But we uh No. But when it comes down to the word, the word condemns us. Amen. And when it's all over, you're going to be judged by the word. Amen. God has a purpose. Amen. The prophet God was talking about hearing, recognizing, and acting upon the word. Are you with me? You know, we have uh Amen. the the the spiritual man or woman today. And then we have, Amen. the the the the the natural man a woman today. Amen. So, as we're dealing with the natural and and the spiritual, the spiritual, amen, uh a woman, a a man is the elected one. Amen. Is the predestinated of God that comes to eternal life. Are you with me? Those are the ones that come to eternal life because they are spiritual. Amen. It's a spiritual woman. It's a spiritual man. And it comes to amen eternal life. Amen. But the natural man, Amen, is Amen. It goes to church and he's the corner man. Are you with me? Everything is about connality. I I I find folk uh get mad at me because they have I want to do this. I don't see no reason why, but I want to see what what the purpose of it. Well, everybody doing it, and I wonder why we can't do it. You know what I'm saying? But there's no no spiritual significance. There's nothing to cause folk to come to Christ and to love him more and to get closer to him. But we just go through the motion. uh we just do things uh almost it's it's almost like a uh we we we're so interested in uh just being uhos hospitality friendship and buddy we got all kind of social programs doing all kind of social activities and we we we're interested in the social gospel we're interested in socializing, but we're not interested in the the the pure word. Amen. Where we Amen. where we get under conviction. Amen. Where we want God in our lives. Amen. We want the power of God in our lives. We want something to change us. Hallelujah. But we want to Hey, let's do this and let's do that. Where is God? You got your mind so carnal. Esau. Amen. Amen. He was the natural, the carnal church. Amen. But Jacob represented the spiritual. Amen. He didn't look like it, did he? Jacob, Amen, was a deceiver. He wanted the birthight and he didn't care what it took, but he wanted the birthright. Ain't that right? But uh nevertheless, Esau despise his birthright. Are you with me? Amen. See, whatever it takes for me to get the Holy Ghost, I want it. Whatever I need to do to get the Holy Ghost, I want it. I want the birthright. I you know so many time we beg people. Amen. People want to get baptized in water but they don't want the Holy Ghost. People want to uh uh be but we want we want people that's desperate. Somebody that go quiet to God. God fill me with your spirit. God, I need your power. I need the Holy Ghost. I want to know you, Lord, in the power of your resurrection. God, I need I need a filling and a refilling. God, don't pass me by. Oh, yes. We come to church when we don't want God. Amen. We come to church and we go through the motion. But we ought to come because I want God. I want God to speak to me. I want God to change me. God, I want the real God. I don't want no play play church. I was thinking on last night I said and this morning as I was kneeling in prayer I said but I said it might be too heavy but sometimes uh Jehoshaphat don't come don't they don't come together too good. They they all was you know family but they don't come together. Jehoshaphat and Ahab. Ahab done married Jezebel a Zidonian who worshiped Baal and Ba Baal worship and here go Jehoshaphat trying to with the right spirit trying to do the right thing but somehow they uh Jehoshaphat I mean Ahab said you know Rama Gilly belong to us you know we you know we brothers you know amen we in the same you know we're won. We won, man. How many people want to claim that they won? Amen. And a a and not doing what the word say. That's right. Well, we won. We are all bride. We all Amen. And we all believe in one God. We all serving the same God. We all got the same prophet, Moses. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Are you up there, brother and sister? This is an individual thing. Jehoshaphat should have known that I ain't going to go to war with Ahab. Are you with me? But Jehoshaphat chose that, you know, you know, this man has done all wrong and you going to yoke up with him. Are you with me? Amen. You don't yoke up with somebody that you know off the word. Why you going to yoke up with them? Oh, we all got Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob our father. No, no, no, no, friend. Praise God. You got to take a stand. Amen. According to the purpose of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God according to his purpose. Amen. Amen. The purpose of God according to election my stand. Ain't that right? I'm standing. Amen. It ain't because of what I've done or how good I I am or I was that I'm saved. Amen. I'm saved by grace. By the grace of God, I am what I have. I have no claims that I can belittle you or belittle that one or talk ill of this one or that one. I can't do that. I I'm no better. But by the grace of God, I am what I am. Praise God. I I have a commission. Amen. I must tell you the truth. Amen. Praise God. I can't help myself. Amen. Because there's something in me. Amen. That cries out that cause sin sin. Hallelujah. There's nobody. Jehoshaphat should have known better. Amen. You see the way this brother is going, this sister is going, but yet we have the same father, same prophet, same God. Amen. Huh? Do we do we really? You mean to tell me you married Jezebel and you got ba worship over here and you want me to go in battle with you? Are you with me? But because he was right on some things. Amen. About Roma Gillia and so forth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That seem right. And that's what blinds you. Bless. It might be the right thing, but am I going to unite with Okay. God got something for you, Jehoshaphat. You should have been more spiritual and sought God. That's right. That's right. That's right. But you see, he was he he said there any beside these your prophets, you consulted the prophet, you consulted God. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, but you know that as for he says any anymore. Yes. One, but he don't he don't speak good. There's another one. You know what I'm saying? And and that's what happens. The one that going to tell you the truth, you don't want to hear that one. Amen. You can unite on all this, but the one that going to tell you the truth, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not that one. Don't call him. Cuz our revival will be over. Our revival will be over. He'll he he ain't going to prophesy good things. He ain't going to tell us we all right. He going to convince going to tell us amen that we sinners and that we need God. Thank you Jesus. So don't don't don't he ain't preaching no good thing. He he he make the people all such examine themselves and that thing you know amen we won't be able to go fight him Lord thank you Jesus so don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't no don't call on him matter of fact he ain't one of us see we got 400 here prophets that told us the truth about where he come from you with me see people easy to yoke up together with the crowd. Isn't that right? And think the crowd is got it all together because they got it down packed. They don't want to go. How come you ain't don't want to go with them? Oh, brother. I'mma tell you something. You got to understand that everybody in the schoolhouse and everybody on the job, Amen. You can't be on one accord with them, right? But you ought to let your light shine. Everybody in Amen. bride tabernacle. Amen. Everybody don't want to do the right thing. Everybody don't want to live the right way. But you got to make up in your mind. Yes, sir. Amen. I'll make it up in my mind. I want the purpose of God according to election to stand. I want God's purpose for me. Amen. is all right if you got yours, but I want my own experience. I want I want to know God for myself. I want to have my own experience. Amen. You might have your Holy Ghost, but I want my own. Are you with me? Amen. It's an individual thing, brother and sister. Don't let the people Oh, yeah. They pretty good. They got the same spirit we got, same Holy Ghost we got. But are they willing to go all the way? Judas was with them, right? He cast out devils and did everything that everybody else do. But he said, "Have not I chosen you 12 and one of you is a what? Devil." A devil. Amen. See, it's something about Amen. One time you had 70. Amen. But the word found them out. Ain't that right? And I'm saying to you, it's an individual thing. You must, it's got to be something inside of you. Say, God, if I had to stand by myself, if I have to cut all my friends and relatives loose, whatever I got to do, I want the Holy Ghost. I want the power of God. I want Jesus. Doesn't matter the cost. It doesn't matter the price. I want Jesus. Oh, what it's going to take for me to have that. Amen. That Holy Ghost experience. Jesus rather mean in my life of God in the fire to move. What is going to take? Amen. Hallelujah. That I have that blessed assurance. that I have that vindication. God, I know I'm on the right track, I'm on the right trail now. I'm on the right of walking according to your word. I'm living according to your word. Amen. I see I see the scriptures being fulfilled in my life. Amen. It's the word that I'm after. Hallelujah. I don't know what you're looking for, but I want the word. Hallelujah. I want the word to sanctify me. I want to be sanctified by the fruit. I want the word to clean me up. I want to be washed in the water by the way. Power clean me up and my heart not right. Lord created me. I want my heart to be right. I want my life to be in order. I want to be on one accord with you, God. I want that. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Yeah. Ahab went on. Jehoshaphat went on out there with Ahab. And the enemy said, he said, "I'mma tell you something. See my robe and all of that, my clothes. I got on my robe and all and let's switch. Setting them up. Ain't it? Set them up. Let's Let's switch clothes. and put you put on my crown and and you look like the king of Judah. Amen. And I'm going to look like set him up. And he said, "When you go out to battle, don't fight again. I want you to fight against the king of Israel. I want y'all to get him. Get him." And look at them. They coming up and and it's Jehoshaphat. You see what I'm saying? The devil set you up. Amen. Amen. They're off the word. Amen. And got you set up and you don't even know you been targeted. Amen. Because you Amen. Cuz you you you you buting up with somebody that know they wrong. You know they wrong. But they tell you something right. They tell you something and show you in the word that this Yeah. This is what the word say. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yes. Bless you. Amen. But you marry Jezebel. Are you with me? Amen. You don't supposed to be unequally yolked together with what? Unbelievers. And Jezebel done her little dirty work. She done bought in Baal worship in the church. Amen. Amen. Well, you worshiping Baal and don't even know it. Some of them knew it, but they sold a lot because they wanted to eat at Jezebel's table. Jezebel must have had a nice table spread because they wanted to eat at Jezebel table. And I'm going tell you something. Amen. You got to forget about all of that good stuff Jezebel trying to feed you. Amen. Praise God. Jere Jezebel might have made their pockets big and Amen. and made her gave them a nice house and all of that. That's right. Are you with me? And made them amen to look like great. Amen. But she bought in ba worship. Lord, are you with me? You got to forget about all the money you can get and all the fame and popularity you can get. If you be with Jezebel, I'll make you I'll make you great. Praise God. Do you want to be great or do you want to be what God want you to be? Amen. Amen. Do you want to be famous or do you want to be what God want you to be? God, if I ain't nothing, that's all right. As long as I got King Jesus. Long as I got Jesus. I'm all right. I want Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you. Yes, Jesus. My wife was listening a little bit to one of the walls. Sister, the little girl was telling how filthy the gospel was and how Amen. You almost got to sell your soul to get out there in the gospel world and find out they telling you all kind of crazy stuff to be. I said, Lord have mercy. You know it like that anyway. Amen. You want fame and glory, God. You want to see folks coming in conviction and want God. Amen. I don't know why she let me listen to it. She knew it going to get in my spirit. But it was good to hear that that young lady took a stand. Young lady took a stand. Amen. Amen. She forgot about all the papalarian and all the money and all the fame and she took a stand. She said, "I ain't going to they want you to mix it up with the worldly music and want to want you to dress provocative or lust." Amen. Where men can lust after you. She was talking about when she was 10 years old. Amen. Praise God. She was, you know, it was it it was something. You know what I'm saying? But this little girl, amen, in her heart didn't want to do it. But when she got, Amen, grown enough, she separated herself. Amen. And told about, Amen. what the gospel world look like. That's right. Amen. All the entertainment and all that. Amen. It wasn't about getting people under conviction and get them to God. Amen. It was all about Amen. the money and all of that fame and stuff. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Every now and then, God will let somebody come out of Sodom. God will let somebody come out of the world. Amen. God, let somebody come out the world and tell us something. Let somebody be delivered out of Amen. out of denominational system and come talk to us. Amen. Come tell us. Amen. You don't want to go that way. Amen. God, let somebody Amen. be free tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise God. So often time we take it for granted that what we have. Amen. I'm saying religion is a covering. Yes. That's right. Amen. Amen. You want to be covered. Amen. Amen. Amen. But you don't want Amen. Praise God. Sin to be nihilated. Amen. We don't want Amen. sin to be eradicated. Sin to be burned up. Hallelujah. We don't want to get rid of it. We just want a cover up. Amen. Folks want a cover up. Jesus. They want religion. They want a cover. That's right. But Jesus come to take sin away. Amen. Amen. Though your sins be scared, I'll make you white in this snow. Amen. Amen. I want to clean you up. Amen. I want to put your sins in the sea of forgetfulness. And I'm not going to remember it no more. Or you want I want God. Amen. Amen. That's my purpose. I don't want to go through the motion. Amen. Even do I want to go around in circles. I want to turn northward. I want God in my life. Oh, I want a holy church. Sanctified church. A church that don't mind giving God the glory. A church that don't mind praising the Lord. Don't mind telling God, I thank you. Thank you for saving me. Thank you for choosing me. Thank you for bringing me out. Hallelujah. I don't want no stiff, cold, form of worship. I want Holy Ghost worship. People that know how to shout, know how to get victory, know how to dance, because they got the victory. Hallelujah. Thank God invol for sister right. Amen. Thank God. I got the victory. I got something to dance about. Hallelujah. I done crossed over. Thank God for Miriam. Thank God that you got the tamarine and you begin to dance and sing. Amen. The horses weren't grounded in the sea. Thank God my sins are washed away. I got something to shout about. Hallelujah. I thank God I'm in deliver. I'm not in bondage no more. I crossed over. My enemy got drowned. Been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. For the remission of my sin, now I got the spirit of God marching on. Amen. To all the promises of God. Amen. Some of them doubted. They didn't get to the promised land. Amen. They begin to doubt the Lord. Amen. They begin to mumble, grumbl, and complain. Amen. But Joshua and Caleb had another spirit. Can you think that somebody would have the audacity, Amen, somebody would have the nerve, Amen, for the assistant pastor to put build a golden calf? Are you with me? And the people go all blinded and talking about these be our God. This is our God that bought us out of Egypt. Are you with me? It's so easy to forget what the Lord done for you. It's so easy to forget what where he bought you from. Amen. What kind of church was that? I tell you, it's the church just like it is today. What kind of church was that? The kind of church it is today. Because they were only in shadow form. We in reality. Amen. Amen. It's 2 million of them. It was only two of them holding on. Amen. Are you with me? All kind of stuff operated in that church. They speak against Moses. Amen. They speak against God. They didn't think God was able to give them water. God to give them something to eat. They talked all and they just always mumbling and complaining. Are you mumbling and complaining or you praising the Lord? Amen. Amen. You need to praise the Lord more. Amen. Every time it look like something ain't going right, don't hold your head down. Lift your head up high and say, "That's right." Hallelujah. Anyhow, hallelujah anyhow. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh yes, I count it all joy when you fall into the dest temptation. Knowing you. Amen. Praise God. I'm going to be touched and I'm going to be tried, but I'm kind of joy. Hallelujah. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Be kindly worthy to suffer for your name's sake." Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. That you Amen. Hallelujah. You chose me. Amen. The purpose of God according to election. Lord, did I get to Ephesians? No, I didn't get there, did I? Y'all All right. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. You got a purpose and a plan. You know God's purpose for you. Don't sit around here and look like somebody else been called, chosen. You the one. You're the one supposed to be praising God. Amen. You're the one that's supposed to be thankful to the Lord for choosing you. You could have been amen so blinded by the error of the wicked. Amen. You know, I was I was looking at he said that in the latter time men can give heed to seducing spirits. Are you with me? I think that was there in Timothy and he said in doctrines of devils. Are you with me? Seducing spirits and doctrines of devils. Amen. Actually the devil is the demons are are teaching them. And he said many don't follow their pernicious ways. Are you with me? The devil in the pull pit teaching the people demons. Amen. If it was possible, he deceived the what? But you got to stay with the word. Amen. Praise God. How to get to keep the how to keep the victory? Stay with the word. Amen. How to how to defeat the devil? Stay with the word. Amen. Jesus defeated him with the word. Amen. Somebody say, if I said what brother Simmons say, if I said what brother said. I said, "Lord, with the word." Make it simple. With the word. I got to find a quote for that. I got to find you. Stay with this word. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Lord have mercy. What's wrong with people? Amen. That's the reason the folk gone. I don't know mind must the preacher gone and you falling up. Somebody mind ain't right. You know sometime I I look at people I said can't people see that they they they got a little they need a little touch their mind ain't straight you know I said but sometime you have leaders and you know something ain't ticking all the way right some folk can't discern that. I know I got my problems, too. But at the same time, thank God, I'm gonna stick with his word with all my little problems. Amen. I'm still holding to God word. Yeah. Somebody say, "You ain't got it all ticking right." Yeah, but I'm holding to the word. Amen. I got that much sense. I may not have I might be a little off sometime, you know, but I'm sticking with the word. Hallelujah. But I I look at some folk and they just They just super excited and people are all worked up and woo I said man can't you see that person a little something wrong there they don't see nothing and I show can't show it to you cuz you see I what look at him talking about somebody now the first thing they said you're talking about something cuz you don't see it I said I ain't going to say nothing I keep my mouth Amen and just Pray. Amen. Are you with me? Keep your mouth and just pray. Amen. Because if God want folk to see, they going to see. Amen. If you try to show them, Amen. They'll rebuke you. Amen. Amen. People will resist you and get further further away from you. Amen. Hey. Hey. No, don't go don't go down that road there. Amen. So some some down there going to get you. No, no, no. Don't do that. Sometime we won't listen to mom or daddy. Oh no no no no no. I know what they trying to keep me. They went down that road telling me not to go down. I'm going. I want to find out for myself. But when they get down that road what they say. Oh I wish I listen to mom. Oh Lord if I know I see. Are you with me? Amen. You went on. You was hard-headed and went on. And that's the same way. The word ought to be the thing to stop you. Yes. Amen. If you bypass the word, you done you done run the red light and stop sign and everything else and the word done come to you and told you don't do it. Amen. Okay. I I got to close in early but I got off my subject but I hope I can come back. Ephesians 1 and4 it say but in the third verse it says blessed be God and the father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all what spiritual blessings spiritual blessings in heavenly places where Christ see that's where the believer is where the elect is you bless Amen but how many people bless and on. I said this what this what bless is. Look at somebody say this is what blessing look like. Thank you brother Gordy for your smile Gerald. Thank you for your smile. And that's what bless look like. Bless bless bless got some joy with you. Amen. Bless got some peace with it. Oh yes. Amen. When I when I'm blessed, you know. Yes, Lord. Amen. I I it's something about being blessed and know you're blessed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, some some things our parents and fore parents went through. Amen. We look at they look at us and they say, "Y'all sure is blessed." Blessed. What are they talking about? We blessed cuz they so used to, you know, house you living in the cars you driving. I ain't had no car when I was in high school and and stuff like that. And you got access to a car and you got nice fine. You say, "What you want from uh meal today?" "Oh, let's go to the steakhouse today." "Well, what what do you want to eat?" "Uh, I don't want no McDonald's. I feel like I feel like some seafood, you know." Oh, see you got a choice. Well, I remember my brother said, "Beans, beans on Monday, beans on Tuesday, bean, bean, [Laughter] bean." My dad say, "You want the beans?" He march on out the house. Beans, beans. He got in that night. Daddy said, "I'mma eat those beans." He looking for those beans. I never can forget. Didn't know how blessed he was till he got home that night and looking for those beans. You see what I'm saying? The things that God has afforded you. Yes. And I in this hour. Amen. What he all the many blessings he blessed you with. And you can need to count your blessings. Count your many blessings. See what the Lord has done. Amen. Amen. But instead of counting your blessings, the devil have you in in La La Land. Amen. La land. What you mean la land? Amen. You don't even know. Just out there somewhere. But God has a purpose and a plan for your life. You don't need to be out in LA nowhere land. don't know where you're going. Don't know what you're supposed to be doing. Don't know who you are. But God is trying to give you a true identification of what a believer is all about. Amen. And what God is all about. He's trying to give you true identity. Are you with me? Amen. That you can identify with him. Yes. And that you can understand his purpose and his plan for you. Yes. Are you with me? Amen. But it's got to be it's got to be real. It's got to be something that you Amen. It's quickened to you. Amen. It's something that it touches you. Amen. But if the world touch you, say, you know, you ought to be a movie star. You ought to be in Hollywood. You so pretty. You ought to be a model. Are you with me? You know, oh Lord have mercy. The world touching you, you know, on your on you. you you you you ought to do this, you ought to do that, and you know it's going to take you away from God and going to take you out of the the church and everything. But the the devil tapped you on the shoulder. He offer you Amen. contrary to what God is offering. He offering you the world, God is offering you heaven. Amen. Jesus. Are you with me? The devil always got something to give you. He wants it to look appealing to your eyesight, not to your heart. Amen. Not to your soul. Amen. Down deep, you know. Amen. You can do without it. Amen. And down deep that something says I need God. Okay. According the fourth verse, according to according as he has what? Chosen us. chosen us when in him in him when before the foundation of the world. Why is a young man reading the Bible that this was quickened to me? I didn't hear no preachers preaching it. It was right there in the Bible, but it meant something to me. See, cuz I want to know where I came from and where I was going. There certain things that I read and I just believed it because it the word it was the Bible. I didn't have all the education and all the knowledge that other folks had, but I I just believe what the word said. Are you with me? You you just you you can receive a simple gospel, a go a gospel that's It's powerful, but it's simple. It's not complicated. It says uh before the foundation of the world. Amen. That you shall be what? Holy and without blame before him in what? In love. Amen. Having what? predestinate predestinate us according to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the go see uh in in in Romans it said it's not him that will him that run but it's God that shows what mercyc mercy God shows mercy on you the mercy of God is upon your life do you want God's mercy do you recognize that he's saying I'm having mercy on you you are an elect God's mercy has amen been you've been favored. You've been uh you've been you've been picked out. Amen. You've been chosen by God. Amen. For his mercy. Amen. Amen. God has had mercy on us. When the young people are doing the smoking, they um what do you call that? What do they call it? Moses, those little things. What? Vapes. Vapor. Vapes. Vapes or whatever. Y'all know what it is. Ain't it? You getting a hit, too? You getting vaporized, too? I don't know what they supposed to do. Well, when they when they hitting it, are you hitting it? Y'all need y'all need to back up? Back up. Cuz they might put a little crack in the pipe. and you end up cracking up. Are you with me? See, they're going to advance. Amen. You start off with a little this and a little that. It goes into advance an advanced stage. Are you with me? Next thing you know, you hooked. Next thing you know, you're addicted and you can't get loose from it. Are you with me? Amen. But you got a God has a purpose and a plan. And you've been chosen in him. Amen. Before the foundation of the world. Are you with me? And you got to say, Lord, I identify with the Lord despised few. Yes, Lord. Amen. God is not many going to go this way, but Lord, thank you. Thank you, Lord. You know, something speaks to our hearts. Lord Jesus, it speaks to our hearts. I mean, why you know, you hear it resonating with inside of you. Give your life to Jesus and and say, give your life to Jesus. Live for the Lord. He'll take care of you. Amen. The friends going to despise you. The world won't like you, but God loves you. Are you with me? He loves you. Does it make a difference? Amen. If God love me and the world hate me, are you with me? Doesn't it make a difference, brother, sister, friend? You want to be identified as a Christian or you want to be accepted by the world? You have a decision. Uh you can make that decision. I can be accepted by the world or I can be identified as a Christian. Are you with me? Amen. I got to close because I don't want to hold you too long. I cuz you I have an intention span. Are you with me? God is good. Amen. I get over if I go back to Africa, I can preach as long as I want. Yeah, I'm in America. I had to remind the African brother, you're in America, they they got too much to listen a long time. Accept the great vindication. Amen. If you got great vindication and the power of God is just striking the place, keep on. You can go all night. Amen. Praise God. I just want to fast a little bit more and pray a little bit more that I can go a little bit longer. Are you with me? Great vindication because I don't want to somebody that need God to be left out. Somebody that need to come to the Lord. I want to give them a time to come. Amen. I don't want them say too long, you know, I I'm out. I'm out of here. Then they spaced out. Are you with me? But take your time and come on. Amen. Brother something said, "Take your time and hurry up." Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. I'm saying take your time and hurry up. Amen. Brother Jacos said the other night, "Behold, I come what? I come quickly." Amen. He's coming quick. And you going to have time to get it right. You're going to have time to get right with God. He said, "I'm coming quick." Amen. Do you believe that? If he's coming quick, then you got you you got to come quick. Take the time to hurry up. Hurry up because you might be on the outside looking up and he's already gone. That's right. Hurry up. Get that oil, extra oil in your vessel. with your vessel. Get God now. Amen. You said, "I can't can I go home and talk it over with the family and talk it over with?" No, you need to do what God say. Amen. If God's touch your heart today, tomorrow not promised to you. Today, if you hear his voice, harden not your heart. Let us stand. Let's do what God tell us to do today. And we'll deal with what what's going to happen tomorrow, but let's do what God said today. Today, if you would hear his what? Voice. Harden not your heart. Don't worry about who who who what what they going to think about about you. But they're not the elect. They haven't been chosen. But you are the elect. You've been chosen. How I know I've been chosen. I don't know what you I don't know if I've been chosen. Okay. You You ain't been chosen. You You haven't been chosen. You don't know. You You just don't know. The Bible says, "But my sheep, my sheep know my what?" Voice. They know. They know. They know when God is speaking to them. My sheep know my voice. and a stranger that they will not they will not follow. Are you with me? You know when God speaking to you? You know what you have need of. If you need God today. Amen. Do you want him? Will you accept the fact that God I need you? I'm not where I need to be where I want to be. So God fear me. Oh yes, give me more. Lord, give me more. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hey, God. Lord, it's in me to do the right thing. Lord, praise God. It's in me to do the right thing. It's in me to live the right way. But I need a touch. Hallelujah. As thou head to look into him. Don't look around, friend. It's It's an individual thing. Oh, yes. What about you? The preacher's been preaching, but has the teacher from above spoke to you? Have you heard that inner voice say to [Music] you, "Amen. God chose you. He chose me. You believe he's talking about you, not Jacob, but he's talking about me. He says, "I love you. Even before your mother and your your mother conceived you, I knew you and I made a decision that I chose you, that you've been called by God. for a specific time for a special reason. Amen. You've been chosen to light to be a light in this generation. Hallelujah. Lord, praise God. Yes, Lord. God sent his word and he hold over you and said, "I want you because you are holy favored. You're special. I want you to represent me in this wicked and adulterate generation. Don't you know he's speaking to you to represent to be an ambassador for him? If thou had to bow heart to look into him, Lord Jesus, there's somebody here that heard that welcome voice. That welcome voice said, "Elect. [Music] elect. You have been selected as the elect of God. Vows of [Music] mercy. You believe that? What about you, friend? Lift your hand and said, "I believe." Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a believer. I lift my hand and I said, "I'm chosen." Oh, yes. I believe I'm elected. Oh, yes. I believe I'm chosen by God. Thank you. I heard his voice. He spoke to my heart. Hallelujah. And you that said, "I can't raise my hand because I'm not sure." And I said to the devil, take your hands off of God's property. But I lift my hand in spite Hallelujah. In spite of what's going on in my mind. Yes, I lift my hand to God and said, "God, I want to be a child of God. Lord, I want to please you, Lord. I It takes something for you to defy gravity and to lift your hand in spite of what the devil trying to make you doubt. I don't know how I'm going to give up the things that I need to give up, but Lord, help me. Father, I know that one that's in the valley of decision. Lord, you'll leave the 99. You'll go after that one. And Lord, I believe there's one that you spoke to. And that's why I'm holding up a little longer because there's one more sheep. Amen. That you want, Amen. to make that honest decision. Honestly in my heart I don't want I don't want to be accepted by the world but I want God. But it seems difficult to pay the price but Lord help me to pay the price. I'm going to disappoint friends. I'm going to disappoint some folks. People that have invested in me. Hallelujah. Lord, you'll bankrupt heaven just to get that sinner that elect a child. [Music] So here we are. Somebody tell the Lord, I receive you now. Lord, I want your spirit, Lord. Lord, I want your power. Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me of my sloeness, my slackness, Lord. Lord, come in and make your board. For Holy Spirit, you're welcome. Holy Ghost, come. Hey, my [Music] son. Hallelujah. Oh, won't it be wonderful? Hallelujah. What a wonder you are, Lord. Lord, we lift your name on high. Lord, we praise your wonderful name. Praise you for victory. Praise you for the blood that you shed it. Praise you for your trapped over death, hell, and the grave. Praise you for making us acceptable in the beloved. Thank you, Lord, for this liberty that you've given us. Thank you for the faith that was once delivered into the saints. Yes, Lord. Help us to contend for it in Jesus name. Thank you. Amen. Hallelujah. Said that you earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints as they play and sing or whatever you want to come. And if you haven't repented of your sins, been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, then today is the day of salvation. The day of you will hear his voice. He said, "Harden not your heart." Today is the day of salvation. Amen. You can come if you want prayer as they play and sing. You can come. You all right? Amen. [Music] Amen. The purpose of God according to election might stand. Amen. God got a purpose and a plan and is according to his perfect will. That's what we want. May not mean much to some, but it means everything to others. But God got a purpose and a plan. And as they play, if you want to come, [Music] Yes, sir. [Music] You got to overcome, huh? You got to get the victory, right? You want to [Music] play Father in the name of Jesus, there's victory in Jesus. Father, you defeated every power of the enemy. You said, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me." Father God, you said in your word, I'll send you another comforter that he'll abide with you. Hey God, may you send that comforter. May you send that power. Will you send that insurance? Bless him now. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Father God, in the name of Jesus, we rebuke the powers of the enemy. Father, you declare that when your stripes, we are healed. So, Father, we thank you for moving in your own special way. Hey, God, thank you for deliverance. Father in Jesus name for the election of God might stand for the power of the Holy Ghost. God let your power be made manifest. God move in life. God let the Holy Ghost move. at the name of Jesus. Fill her in deliverance. Fill them with your spirit. Fill with your power. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Applause] Jesus. Father, thank you for the young brother. God, let the power of the Holy Ghost, what's your anointing be upon his life, God, what he needed now. Oh, shine more for your glory. God, let the victory be won. God, you sent some little children to come into me for such is the kingdom of heaven. So, Father, let your kingdom come and let your will be done. in his life in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Thank you Jesus. Father bless this child. Father God let your anointing be a part of life. God may be a move in a life. Send your angel God. God touch her Lord God for your anointing and your presence. Let it go with her and let your angels encamp round about her in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're the same. You're the same God that brought the children of Israel through the Red Sea. The same God that opened Jordan. You're the same God that rose and saw. Power in heaven and in earth is in my hand. So Lord, let your power reign in her life. Let your anointing and your presence Lord meet every need in her life. Father. Hey God, for you are God. You in control. Lord, may you bless her now. Move in a life. Lead her, guide her, direct her, Lord. Watch over and keep her in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Thank you. [Music] Love me. Love you. We love you. Oh, I Yeah. Heat. Oh, it was Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow. We heard the word and we just pray the Lord bless us in our heart that we walk after the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Lord, we thank you, Lord Jesus, that we once again can gather in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, giving you the glory that we're kept by your power, Lord. We just pray you just work within us to do your good pleasure, Lord Jesus, and give you the glory for all things in our life. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for blessing us exceeding and abundantly. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for just blessing us and keeping us by your power daily, Lord. We give you the glory and we thank you for it now. Jesus name we pray. [Music]
