################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Pastor H. Simmons Real Power - H Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    Pastor H. Simmons: "Real Power"
Speaker:  H Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkmRkvZWWps
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] down. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] We're going to come [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. I believe Jesus said save my soul and his blood washes white turning snow. Thank Lord for his blood. Amen. I believe Jesus Jesus said save my soul and his blood washes white snow. Amen. I believe. I believe Jesus said and his blood washes wider than snow. Amen. I believe I believe Jesus save my soul. My soul was mine. One more time. I believe Jesus. I believe Jesus s [Music] and his blood washes white. I Jesus and his blood in the sweet. In the sweet by we shall meet for sure in the sweet in the sweet by and by we shall be. Why? Because I believe. I believe. Amen. Jesus save my soul. I believe I believe Jesus. I believe Jesus. I believe Jesus. I believe Jesus. I believe Jesus. Praise the Lord everybody. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Bow. Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come into your presence once again with thanksgiving and joy. We pray that you bless the services, Lord, not only here, but but throughout the whole world. Bless Brother Simmons as you bring forth the word of life to our hungry souls. Bless those who are traveling, those are listening in. Bless brother Gordon, Brother Caleb, Brother Josh, and Brother Moses as they lead us into worship. And Lord, let us give you all the glory, praise, and honor that is due to your name. We love you. We adore you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name, we thank you for all things. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. There's a storm out over the ocean. Amen. And it's moving, moving this way. If you're anchored in Jesus, you will surely surely drift away. Storm out. There's a storm out for the ocean and it's moving [Music] way. If you're hanging in Jesus hanging in Jesus, you will surely surely the way. There's a storm out. Oh, the ocean. Oh, moving this away. If your soul now Jesus, you will surely drift away. Drift away. Drift away. Lord drift away. Oh, you will surely drift away. If your soul anchored in Jesus, Jesus, you will surely surely surely drift away. Drift away, Lord. Drift away, Lord. You surely drift away. If your soul anchored in Jesus, you will surely drift away. I want to live like you me anyway. Amen. I want to live [Music] anyway. Drift away, Lord. Drift away. You will surely drift away. If you're sacred, Jesus, you will surely, surely, surely drift away. Drift away, Lord. Drift away. Do your name dripped away. If you're s angering in Jesus, if you're sang in Jesus, if you're falling in Jesus, you will start surely. [Music] Amen. Amen. And praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to ask the sisters to come on up. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Still got joy. I still got joy. After all the things I've been through, I still got joy. Still got still got joy. Still got still got joy. After all the things I've been through, I still got joy. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. There a R like me. I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, I was blind, but now I see. Everybody got the joy. God, I feel joy. After all the things I've been through, I feel my joy. You got the joy. You got joy. After all the things I've been through, I still got joy. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. How I love how I love I love calling your name. Oh Jesus. Jesus Jesus. Jesus every day. Every day. your name in the day. I remember the time when I felt so all alone. When I needed your Jesus, all I had to do was call. Sometimes in the morning, sometimes late at night, but when I get on my knees to pray, everything is all right. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. My name Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Every day. Every day. Your name is the same. I remember the time when I felt so all alone. When I needed you, Jesus. All I had to do was call. Sometimes in the morning, sometimes late at night, but when I get on my knees to pray, everything is all right. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. I love I know [Applause] your name. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Every day. Every day. Your name is the name. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, how I love I love how I love calling your name. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Every day. Every day. Your name is the same. [Music] Amen. Thank God for the name of Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's sister Angelica. She come on sharing. Amen. [Music] A thousand generations falling down in worship will sing the song of ages to to the lamb. And all who's gone before us and all who will believe will sing the song of ages to them. And your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. Hallelujah. In all thrones and dominions, powers and positions your name stand above all. And the angels cry. Holy creation bright you are lifted high forever. And if you've been forgiven. And if you've been redeemed, sing the song forever to. [Music] And if you walk in freedom and if you bear his name, sing the song forever to live. And we'll sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry. All creation cries. How can you be the king of kings? You are holy. Oh Jesus, your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name [Music] and the name of your name is your name in the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name ever your name. Stand above all and the angels cry. Holy gra [Music] forever. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you. Praise the Lord once again, saints. Thank you, Jesus. Like to welcome everybody to bride time in this morning. Ela Tabernacle. Our brother Benny Perry will have his annual revival June the 27th through the 29th in Swansea High School. Guest minister will be brother Ron Peterson. This coming Friday, June the 27th, Friday night service will be cancelled. Repeat, June the 27th, Friday night service will be cancelled. Amen. Amen. Our annual tent revival will be August the 28th through the 31st. guest speakers will be be pastor Isaiah Brooks, Pastor Jean Williams, and Pastor Jimmy Nasha. The church at New York City Sisters retreat will be September the 25th through the 28th. Um, pastor guest speakers will be Pastor Isaiah Brooks and Pastor Keith Reed. And we are invited for our graduation celebration for our sister Mina Johnson. That'll be today at 3:00 next door at the fellowship hall. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Music] And we have a thank you card. The kindness of of others as a is a genuine reflection of the kindness of of of God. [Music] Dear Brad Tabernacle family, thank you so much for your love, prayers, and monetary gifts and support as Hannah celebrates her high school graduation. Your encouragement and support have meant so much to our family and we are truly grateful to be surrounded by such a caring and faithfilled church family. The Lord bless you. May the Lord Jesus continue to richly bless you. Each bless each and every one of you. Love sister Kesha and family. Amen. [Music] Last but not least, one of the prayer requests. Wanda Gillard, Isetta Anderson, Adammy Legette, Napoleon Ramsey, Terry Stewart, Minnie Sab, Mike Sulie, and Deborah Schuler. Like for everybody to enjoy the remaining of the service in Jesus Christ's name. As brother Fred lead us in a word of prayer, bless the ties and offerings. Let us stand. [Music] Heavenly Father, we just thank you Lord for allowing us to settle oursel together this morning. Lord, we ask Lord that you would just come and be in our midst. Lord, ask Lord that you would just give each and every one of us the desires of our heart. You promise that if we were Abraham's seed, we would possess the gates of our enemy. Lord, oh God, we are Abraham's seed, Lord. We we are confessing it and claiming it. Lord, we ask you, Lord, that you would just go to prayer list. Lord, we realized it already been done. You've healed us from the ever since the foundation of the world, Lord. You said it was finished, Lord. And we believe that, Lord. And we ask you, Lord, that you would just bless the song service, Lord, and bless the song singers and musicians, Lord. And most of all, Lord, bless the word. Let it come in power and demonstration. Show yourself alive in our midst. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. I guess the theme of this morning is the name of Jesus. Amen. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. We will bless that wonderful name of Jesus. We will bless that wonderful name of Jes. No other name I know. Amen. We'll bless him. We wonderful name of Jes. Oh, bless that wonderful name. Jesus. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. No other name. I know power. There is power in the name of Jesus. Holy Ghost power in the name of Jesus Christ my savior. Lord power in the name of Jesus. No other name I know. There is freedom in the name of Jesus. Oh freedom in the name of Jes. There is freedom in the name of Jes. No, no other name I know. Healing, healing, healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. Healing in the name of Jesus. No other name. No, no, no. There power in the name of Jesus. Oh power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jes. Oh, we will bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. We will bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There is power in the name of Holy Ghost. Power. Power in the name. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh no. I know. Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise God. Amen. Amen. Bless the wonderful name of Jesus. We saying this morning, Amen. Praise God. When the kinman redeemer came forth to take the book, Amen. There was uh blessings and the elders fell down. They worship and they praise God. Amen. Brother Fred said, "We ought to be praising God like that now." As they did when the seals were open and the redeemer, the king redeemer came forth. I said, "We recognize that he's come forth this morning. Our kingdom redeemer. take the book and loose the seals. Amen. Aren't you glad that the seals haven't broken off the book and your recipance of it? Amen. Thank God for it. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. I think I enjoy Sunday school this morning. Amen. The kind redeemer. Amen. I I'm not talking about that this morning, but let's appreciate everyone this morning. and appreciate those that living in and uh thank God for I don't know we got any visitor this morning but if you're visiting we thank God for you. Amen. The book of uh Michael 6 and six and as we turn there let's just bow in a word of prayer. Father, we thank you this morning, God, for allowing us to come together. For you said when two or three are gathered in my name, they'll be in the midst. So God, we thank you for being in our midst. Thank you for touching my body. Thank you for moving here now. Lord, we ask you to touch Brother Nathan and all those on the prayer list. Lord, may you heal and save and set forth send forth your power this morning. God, you're good. Lord God, just thank you for being able to say how good you are. Lord, I praise you this morning. Thankful for your healing power. God, I pray that you'll bless every heart, everyone that pressed the way out in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] The book of Micah 6 and 6. Where shall we come before the Lord? And how and bow myself before the high God? Shall I come before him with burnt offerings and with the calves of a year? Oh, or will the Lord be pleased with 10,000 rams with rams of with thousands of rams, excuse me, uh with 10,000 of rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for my transgressions, the fruit of my body for the sins of my soul? He has showed me, oh man, what is good and what do the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with our God. May God bless you to read his word. You may be seated. That was brother Roselle Williams, his favorite scripture. and uh he he would quote it all the time what the Lord requires of you. Amen. Some of y'all know him as brother Shifty, but we thank God for remembering him. When you read certain scriptures, you can remember certain people. Amen. So, we want to talk to you this morning about real power. And I think I've spoke on real power before, but you know, I was looking back through one of my tablets from 2005 and it had in there uh the New Poke and and that was 2005. And it says the New Poke. Then I had up on it. There has there was a Pharaoh that royal rose up that knew not Joseph. And then I had the new pope and I said, "Well, you know, this is 2005 and here I got this." And so I let my wife look at I said, "You know, I wrote that in 2005. I probably hadn't seen this book in years." And you just just doing some cleaning and stuff and say, "Here's some some of your old books." I looked at that book. I said, "Lord, what are you saying?" and the a pharaoh that wanted to kill all the children that was male children that was 2 years and under. Pharaoh wasn't going to recognize Joseph. And I said, "Lord, maybe it's a Pharaoh that won't recognize the bride anymore. Won't recognize the bride." Amen. So I says, "Wait, maybe that's just something." I said, "It came into my spirit. Thought I'd just mention it to you." And because it was just laying there, I says, "You got a new pope?" And this is said new pope. Okay. I don't know whether we had one in 2005, but it it just sprung out to me. Amen. But by the grace of God, real power. When we think of power, you know, we think about the the power of the dollar, but we talking about real power. We know that with God is humbleness. So then we had, you know, let's go to Timothy here so you can kind of follow me. Second Timothy 3 there. Second Timothy 3. I told Caleb, "If something happened to me this morning, he can back me up." So he said, "Okay, Dad. I'll back you up cuz I have was having trouble with my voice and stuff." So by the grace of God, but God is good. Amen. Amen. Let's second Timothy 3 and uh one. 2 Timothy 3 and1. Just know also that in the last days perilous times shall come. I think we're here. Dangerous times is coming. You believe that? Amen. For men shall be lovers of their what? Ownelves. coverages, boasters, what? Proud. Proud. We want to talk about uh humbling oursel and so forth. And the real power comes through humility. But we're going to find out the opposite of humility is being proud. And we got to deal with that every day because we got to deal with ourselves because you know it was I was thinking about in my childhood the teacher was always right. You couldn't tell your mama the teacher was wrong. I mean we couldn't. Y'all some of y'all probably could. I couldn't. I don't know about you, brother Pete. I don't think we could do that. And we could tell if if an elder person in neighborhood say something right and or wrong or indifferent. If they had age on them, see back then we thought 35, 40 was old. Don't let a person be 50 or 60 years old. Man, you better shut your mouth. If they say something, you ought to you had all the utmost respect because if they tell your mom or daddy on you, brother Fred, that's you know that meant some ain't it? Hey, you better not. So it was respect for the elders. You had respect for the elders. You had respect for the uh preachers. You had respect for, you know, those that were in public office. You It was just a a time of respect. And um people just Yes ma'am. Yes sir. Well when the people came from the north they said don't say yes ma'am yes sir. So that's slavery mentality. But you know they couldn't they couldn't knock that out of us. We still Yes. Yes ma'am. Somebody told me the other day I was in the gym and the guy said I said yes sir. And he probably is in his 50s late 50s or so. He He was white. He says, "No, no, no. I ain't like that. I ain't from Ryan." You know, don't say, "Oh, yes. Yes, sir." To me, I said, "I even tell children, yes, ma'am. Yes, sir." He said, he said, "Well, no, don't do me like that at all. Don't don't say that to me." You know, I you know, we we were just learning, you know, and you know, even selling newspaper around the military base. I don't even know what they say. Yes, ma'am. Yes, sir. in the military anymore, but it's Yes, sir. Sergeant. Yes, sir. So, you had that it's almost built in you and but people probably don't don't even respect the presidents and don't even the respect is going out to wonder for one another. But when you respect people, it shows us a deal of humility and humbleness. Respect your parents. Honor your parents and respect them. You know what I'm saying? But children don't respect their parents. They think, let a child get in a grown folk conversation, there a shoe coming your way or anything they can pick up. The grown folk talking you the way I was raised. I don't know how y'all raised with grown folk talking. You ain't got nothing to say. Are you with me? But children like they grown and they don't they have no so much to say just like you. We talking about harming yourself. Children are jumping your conversation like they know what they talking about and don't know they don't know a bit more what they talking about. Well, they think they do. They think they on your level. Amen. Are you with me? But they ain't they on the level they ought to keep your mouth closed. Do you want to find out? I ain't going to say that in the future, but but it you know when you find out that you're not on a personal level, I I I often times tell a story about my cousin. He was straight A student all the way through college and doctor so and so on and he was a professor in college and all. Uh, and I I I said something. I tried to say a little vocabulary for about 2 minutes or 3 minutes and he was saying all kind of word. I Oh, Lord. I never do that again. Let me stay on my level and he did it in a nice way. He was just talking and I said, "Oh, he done lost me all the way cuz he was very very intelligent." And and I'm I'm saying let's respect people, you know, on their level and um and then go and and stay in your lane. I can use it use it that way. Stay in your lane. Stay and you comfortable as you stay in your lane. No matter where you go in the world, if you stay in your lane, you you can get respect. Amen. But when you and you don't have to be you don't have to uh have a complex against somebody that know more than you or got more than you. You don't have to have that complex because you you are who you are. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And they can't be you. Amen. Amen. They might have more money in the bank. They might have a bigger house and all of that, but don't you don't worry about that. Thank God for I'm saved. Amen. Amen. Thank God for being me. Amen. Oh, but some people are lifted up. That's why it's not real power because some people because of what they got lift them up in pride. Maybe I get there. Let me let me let me let me Some things that lift people up in pride. What they got, what kind of car they got, what kind of job they got, what kind of education they got. They cause them to be proud. It's a subtle pride because no one want to think of themselves as being that subtle. So the devil sneaks in and he have you to glorify yourself or to think you better than somebody else. So the devil, we all have sin and come shout to the Lord. Glory to God. And if we ever going to make it, it's going to be by the grace of God. Amen. Amen. So we don't have nobody that we can esteem greater than the other. Amen. Amen. If God let God lift you up. Don't try to lift yourself up. Amen. You know it's another thing. The more intelligence you got, the more demons you got to fight. The more money you got, the more demons you got to fight. You see what I'm saying? The brother who said, "Well, as much given as much required." That's what brother Fred said this morning. Uh uh but you're going to be responsible even for the message that I you have this message and you know going as much being given to you, it's going to be much required. Amen. Because you got a lot. You got more than just walking into a church and or whatever. You got more than that. Amen. It's the opening of the word. And as we were studying this morning and said we got way more. So we we're more responsible because God has given us much. We're more responsible. Brother Brooks would laugh at me sometime. I may say something, but that's where I'm at. I'm living where I'm at. He said, "You didn't know you hurt that person feeling. No, I didn't know it. I said, "If I have known it, I wouldn't have said it." You know what I'm saying? But I was calling it as I saw it. A fellow might have thought he preaching a little good sermon. I said, "Man, what in the world you were talking about?" And and brother Brook said, "You heard that man feeling?" I said, "I didn't know it. If I had known it, I wouldn't have said it." He said, "I know you didn't know it. I just found it." But see, he was very sensitive to that. I wasn't. But did I mean any harm? No. You see what I'm saying? So I'm saying, but if I knew better, I can do better. If I knew I was going to hurt you, I wouldn't have said it. Are you with me? So we're respecting one another. He said that. But I know you didn't know. Oh. I said, "Okay." Well, that person didn't know. I didn't know. You know what I'm saying? But he knew knowing me he know I didn't know. Are you with me? And sometimes do you think people know you and you say something they get all pumped up mad and all that and you even know you're offending them, right? Okay. Why am I working with hum I mean real power? Because we're trying to get into real power but we got to get in real power but understanding what's holding us up. Okay. So he says, "Um, goodness. Where you where I'm at, Caleb?" Huh? I'm still there. Lord have mercy. I'm slow. For men shall be lovers of their own self, covetous, boasters, proud. That's why I was blaspheing, disobedient to parents, unwhat and unholy without what? Natural. You know, people don't have natural Oh, I ain't getting none of that. That's that's a political subject. You know, that's not political correct to natural affection. Men don't men with men and women with women. Don't don't don't say nothing about that. That's just to you know, you get you're messing with the wrong stuff. Natural affection. Things that people ought not to do, they do it anyhow. And you better not say nothing about it because it's not political correct. But we got to tell say what the word of God say, right? Can't hold back because you're going to be responsible and you're going to stand before God one day. Amen. Women want to dress like men and men want to dress like women want to look like a woman and the woman want to look like a man. The man want to see how cute he can be and the woman want to see how manly she can be. Okay. Without national natural affection. Amen. God is good. Amen. Amen. Truth breakers. People won't tell the truth no more. False accusers. People will false accuse you in a minute. I mean, they just think, well, the Lord showed me that that falsely accusing, you know, the Lord ain't show them a thing, you know, but the Lord showed me this. Lord told me that and they accuse you because they said, "Lord, I saw it in a dream." Just keep the keep that to yourself. And sometimes, you know, just pray for your brother or sister even if the Lord showed it to you because you can be f you can be falsely wrong. Accusing a person or something. Oh, I know him. You come on. I know him. I know this one. I know that. When you think you know somebody, be careful cuz people change every day. Amen. People learn, they grow. They're not what they used to be. Amen. Amen. Amen. But you looking back over years, but the people grow up. Amen. You grow up. Amen. You You learn to be a better person. Amen. You learn, you know, the things that I I I I used to, you know, didn't put up with. And I used to be so judgmental, but now I kind of understand life has made me understand people better. Amen. Things better. Amen. things that we used to do because we just, you know, we're dealing with a world that uh that has gotten so dark and and sometimes we just trying to be a little light because, you know, it was one time we we were we could just hammer and we can, you know, go all out with but now we dealing with the the world has gone so far and we trying to bring them back in. Amen. People have gone so far and the world is so dark till we just trying to pull them back in some and little by little we just realize we just can't just pile it all on them like we used to just stay just straight forward but with love and kindness heavy what drawing thee. So we got to we got to show more love towards people. Amen. Amen. Because they don't I'm going to tell you something. Let me go on down to my verse. I'm going to skip over all of this. Okay, the fifth verse cuz we the traitor headed high minded lovers of pleasure more than Lord of God. We know that. Okay, but this is what I want to deal with. Having a what? Form of God. But what you So people got a form of godliness. We we come in a world where what the name gorilla Huh? Is it Is it Gorilla? Gorilla. I thought it was Gorilla. You know, I can't do good. Anyway, so no real not gorilla. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Every time we try to listen to something gospel or something, they talking about gorilla. I thought they talking about gorilla. You talking about Noel, huh? Gorilla. And anybody talking about Gorilla? I thought they talking about Gorilla. They talking about glower. I'm brother Gordon lost ain't it? I ought to be lost. You might be lost too. All of us old time are lost. But it it glorilla. I thought it was talking about Gorilla the whole time. But it might should have been talking about Gorilla instead of Glorilla. Are you with me? Because this supposed to be a worldly singing singer receiving the gospel award as what what do you call it? What do you call it? Ox or whatever whatever. Huh? BT Gospel. BT Gospel Award. And she a secular singer and she got the top thing and she sing out there. Gorilla. Let me call her that. I mean, I don't know how to pronounce it, but y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Y'all young people, this is for y'all. It ain't for us old people. But the world has gone so far. Amen. It gone so far out there until we just trying to be a little bit of insanity in an insane world. A world even in the church world. Now the Bible says having a form of godliness and not denying the power thereof we will we will come to a point that the people you know have denied the power they got a form and denying the power. Amen. You know I went to a meeting oh Lord have mercy. And the people jumping and holling and dancing like Kurt Franklin and they all cool. I said, "And they think they had a good time." I said, "Man, y'all don't let me. Y'all don't know where God is." I'm talking we talking about message believers. And you know what I'm saying? People are going on like it's all right. The devil done took over the music cuz he had it in heaven. I was going to get there, but I ain't got time to go. The devil had took over heaven. He was proud. Amen. You better be careful. The devil took over the music. He he he had control of the music and he come down the earth, you know, he controlled that. He have you jumping and screaming. They ain't no more a spontaneous worship where the anointing and the power of God. You see, they have a form of godliness, but they what? Denying the power thereof. See, we got to have a gospel that has the power and the conviction to bring you to repentance and to come to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. But we all worked up in promotion. You know, I don't want you to be a cheerleader. I want you to be somebody that uh praising and worshiping the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't need your amen. All you're doing is cheering me on. I want to know what it's going to be conviction there. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Whether God is speaking to your heart, meeting you, meeting your need. Amen. Yes. Well, there's any power in it to transforming power to transform and change your life. Is God doing that? Amen. We have a I don't want to go to a pep rally. I've been do too many pep rallies in church. But it's you know, anybody can be a a a holly in these pep rallies. Thank you. Hallelujah. A pep rallies. But you don't live nothing. I don't need your pamping. You don't have to work me up. Amen. I need somebody that want God. Amen. This ain't about a pep rally. It's talking about somebody that need and want God. Amen. If I lose you because I'm talking about Amen. that the power of God ought to be there to bring conviction. Amen. To change your life and you don't want to change, then you're in the wrong place. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, some people would know that one day I'm going to change. So they press their way into church. I want if if I don't do it, I want to hear that when I go to church, I want to hear the truth. I want somebody to go to tell me the truth. Amen. Amen. I don't want nobody to work me up. Amen. You know, I I said there's a lack of discernment in the ministry. Amen. Some folk ought to be sitting down somewhere in the backside of the des trying to get a hold of God and you got to up there leading the church. Amen. Well, you need to be sat down somewhere. Some preachers need to be sat down. Praise God. Lord, help me. Amen. I don't want to come over like that. But we don't need all of this lifting us up and making us feel good when we need to be corrected. Amenus. Form of godliness but denying the power thereof and lack of humility. Amen. I see in the church even the denomination over the world is talking about glow realer or something or whatever the name is you know they talking about that but we got to come real we can look at them and you can't see yourself can you see your your God said I don't want thousands of rams or 10,000 things of war I what does the Lord requires us of? Amen. God wants some humble people. Amen. People that's got a lot of humility about themselves that can have compassion and understanding for others. Amen. Amen. Amen. Not people that all lifted up because I got it. I got it. Oh yeah, you got it. You got your health and strength, but you can tomorrow. You could be down. Amen. You know, I I was a little down the last couple of weeks, but by the grace of God, I kept moving. Are you with me? I ain't going to sit down and accept it. You know what I'm saying? But thank God I'm up. Amen. Still up. I never went all the way down cuz I wasn't going to accept it. Amen. Are you with me? Some people just I ain't giving in. Praise God. I I I just ain't I'm a fight. Are you with me? Amen. And you keep fighting. Amen. You fight on. Amen. Amen. Let me go to a few scriptures. But denying the power, that's what's wrong with it. We We come to church and we don't want the power of God. You You know Josiah, seek for that power, Josiah. The power of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Baptized is good. When I want the Holy Ghost, you got to tell God every day, God, I I just want to be baptized. I want the Holy Ghost. Mary, same thing with you. Amen. I want the power of God. I just don't want to be baptized. I want the power of God. I want the Holy Ghost, Lord. I want the power of God. I've been baptized, but I want the power, Lord. God, I need the power. I don't want to have a form of godliness. I want the power. Amen. Along with the with the godliness. I want godliness, but I want the power to go along with it. Amen. Amen. I want have power in my life. Power to live right. Power to love everybody. Amen. God, I want power. Amen. I need your power, Lord. Amen. Power, Jesus. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Yeah. I'm thanking the Lord for the power coming in among the young people. They want to do something for the Lord. Thank the Lord for them. Keep on I mean, desiring the power of God. Want to do something for the Lord. Lord, I want to do something. I just want to come to church. I want to do something. Amen. Amen. I want to do I want to glorify God. I want to work in work out my soul salvation, Lord. I want to live for you. I want to be example, Lord. I want to witness for you. Amen. That's what I want, God. I want more of you, Lord. Amen. I want more of the Lord. Amen. I want to live for God can use me. Amen. I I'm going to have to go a little quick. Isaiah 57 and 15. Isaiah 57-15. But it's too much playing church, playing around, all this dancing in the church. Get your partner and all that. I ain't get no partner. I Lord have mercy. And that's dance for the Lord, man. I ain't Uhuh. Some of the most filthy looking dances. I ain't talking about them. You know what I'm saying? talking about right among so-called message people and they really having a good time they partying in the church but I'm talking about we got to get the real spirit and anointing of God we got to know there's a difference but it God the thousand rams or 10,000 of all we but we want God has required humility getting yourself out of real power comes you humbly yourself. Amen. That's where real power will come from. You got to get out the way. Amen. Uh-uh. You know, if Jesus was speaking here this morning, you know, when you tell Jesus, well, I don't know you out the way. I said, if it was Jesus speaking, you would do the same thing. Some people going to be criticized. And if Jesus himself was standing there before them, they criticize Jesus Christ. Because Jesus would be telling them the truth and they know so much about God that he'd be just like the Pharisees. They wouldn't pay him no attention. Why? Because they know more about it than Jesus knows. Are you with me? And that's what I saw, you know, in in in this message as I was praying. I said, you know, even if Jesus was talking to people, they wouldn't listen to Jesus because they already got everything they think they need. So, you couldn't your your your message is not is is not effective to them because all they want to do is what? Hear good things and go home and and talk about how good the message is even though they didn't even understand it because it didn't touch them. It was no change in their life. It was it was good message. It felt good. Amen. It was nice. It was it was articulated good. It was, you know, really inspirational. But I don't want I want something that's going to knock me out out of my I want something that's going to bring conviction into me and and going to cause me to go home and get on my knees and say, "God, I want more of you." Amen. Uh to bring me to the altar and say, "Lord, let me cry. I'll get something for you." Amen. Amen. Lord, how much is Where is the people that really want God? Amen. Really want to get a hold of God. Amen. Really want to see change in their life. Amen. It's got to be somebody want it. Amen. Amen. Sometimes I just want to preach on the corner. But I said, "God, give me my voice back. I want to preach." Amen. I said, "Lord, you know my desire." I said, "You know that devil know what's laying ahead, then he come throw all kind of affliction on you. You know when you trying to press your way through, trying to fast more, trying to do this more, the devil, man, he he come the prophet said he'll do that." He said, "Don't speak it cuz the devil come with everything to try to stop you, hinder you." Are you with me? And that's what's been happening. When you when you start going in the right direction, what the devil do? Man, he'll bombard you with everything. Why? Because you're going down the right path. Before then, you know, you free. But when you start getting right with God and begin to get somewhere with God, the devil come at you with everything he got because he's trying to stop you. Amen. And I thank God. Uh what what I say, Isaiah. Okay, Kevin, you got me. You going to start reading then I won't have to start. Maybe you get further than me. That's all right. Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated. I'm in the right place here. 57. I go ahead on. I was reading the wrong place. Go ahead. Leave your Puerto Rican 57-15. For thus sayith the high and lofty one, oh okay, that inhabited eternity, whose name is holy, I dwell in the high and the holy place with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit to contrite and humble. We don't have enough humble people no more, especially in America. Enough humble people. You wonder why where's the power? because there's no humility there and and and we don't have the power of go brother came from Zam you're talking about the power of God and how the power moves and how the gifts operate how the they got prophets and people seeing visions dreams I what happened the humility having a form of godliness but denying the power I know we see it in here we see it over here and over there a little here a little there but we ought to be more we ought to have more than what we Amen. I thank God for what we got because I thank God for y'all. I appreciate y'all. Thank God for y'all. Amen. Amen. We might be a faithful few, but I thank God for the faithful few. Amen. Amen. So he says, "The high and lost one that dwelleth uh that with him that also that is of a contrite and a humble spirit to what? to revive the spirit of the humble to revive the heart of the contrite ones. To revive the hearts of the contrite ones, the humble ones. Have we Have we just said, "Lord, I want to walk humbly. Lord, I want to be humble." Because sometimes we have to tell the Lord, "Help me to help me to humble myself." Like I said, my old bishop, Bishop, Bishop Washington used always say, he said, you don't ever want God to humble you. He said, you ask God to help you humble yourself cuz he said, humble yourself before the mighty hand of God that he might exalt you, right? Humble yourself. Real power comes through humility. You know, when Jesus was given a name above every name, he the Bible said God has highly exalted him. Why? Because he humbled himself. Are you with me? And then his power came through his humility. He was given a name above every name. That at the name of Jesus, you know when uh Jacob name was changed to Israel. Amen. Is when he got on the back when he got grabbed a hold to the angel and he knew his condition and he said, "I'm not going to let you go till you what? Bless me." Amen. I know I know I'm not right. And I need to be changed. And I know I need God because I'm going to meet my enemy. Amen. I'm going to meet my brother. And I know my brother I did it wrong. But Lord help me because I'm in jeopardy of dying and kill me. But he wrestled with the angel till God says he's a prince with God and he had a name change. And I'm telling you, God want to God want to do a work. But you got to you got to wrestle. You got to wrestle for your name change. You got to wrestle for your position. And God want to give you power. God want to do things in your life. But you got to wrestle for it. Amen. You got to be willing to hold on to God do it for you. You can't do it for yourself. Let God do it for you. Okay. Proverbs 15 18 and 12. 15. Let's just go 15:33. Proverbs 15:33. Proverbs 15 and33. Go right ahead. And the fear of the Lord is the instruction of wisdom. And for and before honor is humility. Before honor is what? Humility. People want to get honor, but that where's your humility? Before honor is humility. We got to be, oh, I don't get enough honor. I don't get enough respect. Before honor is humility. People think I I I I deserve to have this. I deserve to be recognized. And I, you know, you can you can you can go away with people going to honor you. You know, if you got a lot of money, they honor you. If you got a lot of this or that, they they they want to honor you. But you ought to before honor is humility. I've seen people that had great status and physician and money, but they were real humble people. But that's very few, very few people can handle status. Very few people can handle money. and and it doesn't lift them up. Amen. Because he says having a form of godliness but denying the what? Power. Power. Amen. Sometime the power become the money. Sometime the power become your status, your social status. So we have to realize that we can have a form of godliness. We could be amen come before God with our sacrifices with 10,000 rams and I mean a thousand rams and 10,000 all but God required humility to walk in humility. Okay. Uh honor. Amen. I thank God people seeking honor of men but let God honor you with humility. 18 and 12. 18 and 12. Proverb 18:12. Thank the Lord. Amen. Proverbs 18. Before destruction, the heart of man is before honor is humility. Before honor is humility. before destruction. The heart of man is halty. You know, I sometimes I let's be Christians all the time. Let's not let harsh words come out of our mouth like we can take charge of our own selves and we're somebody special. Nobody going to mess over me. I got my 38 and my 45. Who cares about that? That's not Christian language, you know. Nobody got I mean it's be if you got it then, you know, don't trust in that. Trust in your humility. Trust in and the power of God. Are you with me? Amen. God wants to I mean having a form of godliness but not God wants complete control over your life. He He wants He wants He wants all of it. Let's go to Deuteronomy 8. Deuteronomy 8. But but God want all of you. Deuteronomy 8 and1. But and we got to see God wants the whole whole of you. Everything. He don't want just part of you. We want all. Amen. Are you with me? So sometimes we get out of character. We don't act like a Christian should act. And we'll become a go having a form of godliness. We can become uh the kind of Christians we think I'm all right with who I am. But that's not uh go. You might not be all right with God. You're all right with who you are. Amen. And you satisfied. And you've been satisfied a long time. But it's time for you to to get out of your comfort zone and stop being satisfied with being you. Amen. But you want to be Christ. Amen. Amen. Because sometime we get satisfied. You you say, "Oh, you turn around and say, you know, be who you are. No matter where you are." Now, come on, y'all. Are you with Because I'm saying something in one way and then I'm saying something in another way that you can understand what I'm saying hopefully. Amen. Let's be humble. Let's be humble. Amen. Whatever, whoever you are, be humble with it and be comfortable with whoever God made you. However God made you. That's what I'm saying on that end. But here I'm talking about where we have been formulated as having a form of godliness. Satisfied when I'm I'm a Christian of satisfied. I'm in the message satisfied this and that. But what is a real Christian if if it's not Christlike? Are you with me? What is a real message believer if it's not Christlike? Amen. I guess you might think it's being like brother Brian. I don't want to come on. Paul said, "Follow me as I follow what?" Christ. Cuz we're not trying to, you know, follow, you know, we trying to follow Christ. Amen. I thank God for I mean brother the pastor brother Simmons but I want you to be like Christ because I might have some insufficiencies in me. I might have some flaws but Jesus Christ don't have no what? No flaws. So why would I want to be like somebody that got flaws just like me? I want to be like the Bible say be perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. Amen. You going to find flaws within in me. Are you with me? Amen. I I said some things that I I'm sorry I said it. I thought some things. I'm sorry I thought it. I misjudged some things and you know I make mistakes. But I want you to be like Christ. Amen. Are you with me? So walk with humility, humble. Don't just get out of yourself that you can be loose and forget who you are. Amen. Sometime we we all do that. We get loose sometime and we forget who we are. Look like we get a spirit of amnesia and we're back in the flesh. But he said walk in the what? Spirit and you will not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Amen. Amen. For any man be in Christ, he's a new creation. Are you with me? But sometimes we, you know, sometimes we we lose it. We all lose it sometime. But God is saying to us when you lose it, repent quickly. Amen. And come back and say, "God, I'm sorry." Or you if you offended somebody, I'm sorry I offended you. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Every now and then I say, "Oh Lord, I was just loose today. I was a loose kind of I said some things. Oh Lord have mercy. I got to get the prayer. You know what I'm saying? Cuz sometime you examine yourself. I said, "Oh, shouldn't have said that." But sometime you can't correct it. But God understand and say, "God, I hope you got me today. Lord, I hope you took care of me today because I I did." And you know in in his flesh sometimes you you just somebody say you woke up on the wrong side of the bed or something but sometimes you just you know sometimes you just don't know what happened but God thank God for the Holy Ghost. Thank God for correction. Thank him for bringing you back to the place you need to be. Thank God for that. Amen. Because sometimes if he didn't do it you just keep on going. Amen. But God got his flesh and red lights. Amen. He let you know you done ran the red light. Are you with me? You got me, Caleb. 8 and one. And it reads, "And all the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the Lord swear unto your fathers. And thou shalt remember all the way which the Lord thy God led thee these 40 years in the wilderness to humble thee. See, God will lead you to what? God is leading you to the church in the wilderness. God led you as a church today to humble you, to bring you into the stature of a perfect man to humble you. God is doing these things in your life to bring you humility, to humble you. And then the homminist you'll recognize who is doing this for you. Okay. Go ahead. And to prove thee to know what was in thine heart whether thou wouldest keep his commandments or no. And he humbled thee and suffered thee to hunger and fed thee with mana which thou kneest not. Neither did thy fathers know that he might make thee know that man does not live by bread only, but by every word that proceeded out of the mouth of the Lord does man live. Thy reignment wax not old upon thee, neither did thy foot swell these 40 years. Thou shalt also consider in thine heart that as the man chastened his son, so the Lord thy God chastenth thee. You y'all understanding that God did these things to show you that man should not live by bread alone. I want you to understand that God is doing things in your life to humble you and to show you that I'm God. Amen. Amen. I'm God. Amen. Amen. Can't you see what I can do for you? Yes. Can't you see what I done for you of God? Amen. Amen. Oh Lord, don't don't depend on me. Trust me. Amen. I can do it for you. Amen. I'll take care of you. Amen. Amen. Go ahead. Therefore, thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him. For the Lord thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of the valleys and the hills, a land of wheat and barley and vines and fig trees and pomegranates. A land of olive oil and honey, a land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness. Thou shalt not lack anything in it. A land whose stones is iron and out of whose hills thou made it mayest deal dig brass. When thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shalt bless the Lord thy God for the good land which he has given thee. And I'm telling you something, God is taking us to that place. But before we can get to that place, we got to God is proving us. Amen. Before I can pray, take you into the third floor. For you can have the spoken word. For you can have certain access to the power of God. God is humbling. Let us get humble. You want the real power. You want the power of God. Let's go through this the little test and trials that God has placed before us and understand who God is. God proved himself to you. Amen. He want to prove you. Amen. Prove that you're worthy of it. Amen. You're worthy. Amen. Amen. You overcome some things. Amen. You overcome. Amen. Amen. You move yourself out of the way where God can have his way in your life. That you said, "God, you alone are you, God. You're the only God." Yes. Amen. You're the one I need. You're the one I trust. You're the one I believe. Lord, God, I know you God. You my bra. You're my wife. Will affect you. You're God. Do everything. You're my healer. Well, you give me closer when I [Music] Thank you, Jesus. You're everything to me, Lord. You're my all and all. Hallelujah. I want to know. Amen. I want to prove you. I let things happen that I want to prove. I want to prove to you that I'm God. I want you to know that I'm God. I want you to know you don't have to depend on yourself. You can depend on me. Amen. Hallelujah. God. Oh, I can depend on God. Amen. I can trust you. Yes, sir. Amen. I know God is good. Yes, he is. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Go through some stuff, but God is all right with me. Praise God. I know he's all right. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God. When I can holler a little bit, I say, "Thank you, Jesus." Couldn't do that for some days. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You know, no, no. You feel good to holler again. Are you hard to talk, you feel good to talk again, then you miss it. Amen. Praise God. I want to be able to say, "Thank you, Jesus." Amen. And I holler, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Some of y'all ain't been down and you still ain't praising the Lord. But God is good. You don't know what he done for me. Amen. But God been good to me. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I can travel now. Got on my traveling shoes. I can travel now. I can travel now. on my traveling shoes. I can travel now. That was Sister Brockets in her song she sang in Mar. I can travel now. I got on my traveling shoes. Amen. I can travel now, y'all. Amen. I got on my traveling shoes. Amen. Praise God. Oh, I don't know the words that go with it, but I can travel now. Amen. Tell somebody, I can travel now. I can travel now. I got on my traveling shoes. Amen. Praise God. I'm in the right. Amen. I'm going on. I'm going on. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I'm traveling up the King's Highway. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. I can travel now. Amen. I've been repented of my sin. Been baptized in Jesus Christ's name. Filled with the Holy Ghost. I can travel now. I said I can travel now. Amen. Got on my traveler's shoes. It's all right now. I said, "I'm all right now." Praise God. Brother Carol said, "I'm all right now." Amen. Well, I'm all right. Bless that. Come on. I'm all right now. You got it. I'm all right now, friend. You don't remember Carol? That I'm all right. All right. That I'm all right. All right. I'm all around all right now. Said I'm all right. All right now. That I'm all right. That I'm all right. I'm all right. That I'm all right. Everything [Music] that I'm all right all right now I can love right now. I can love right on. I can love right. I can love right there. Every time I said I'm all right. All right. Now I can walk right. I can walk right. I can walk right. I can walk right. Everything. Everything. I said I'm all right. All right. Now, I can love right. I can love right. I can love right. I can love right. [Music] I'm all right. All right. Now I can talk right. I can talk right. I can cry. I can all right. Everything said I'm all right. All right. Now that I'm all right. I'm all right. I'm all right. I'm all right. Everything I'm all right now right now. All right. All right. Oh yeah. Yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Yes, I gave my heart. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm Yes, I'm Yes, I'm Yes. Oh yes. Yes. Oh yes. Oh yeah. Yes, I am. Heat. Heat. All right. Hallelujah. Thank God. You have an opportunity this morning. If it's not all right with you, you got the opportunity to come to the Lord. You need prayer. You got to You can come this morning. I'm all right now. [Music] One day. What does the Lord require of thee? Amen. Walk humbly. Amen. Do justly. Walk humbly. Amen. Amen. Get all of our pride out the way. All of our self out of the way. Let's not be a church that's full of a form. It's not a form. It's not a fashion. That was a brother Shelly song. Amen. God is not looking for form and fashion. You're looking for real. Somebody that's going to be real. Somebody that's going to give their all to him. Not form and fashion. But real power. That's what you want. The real Holy Ghost. I don't want to be just excited or thrilled. I want to be filled. I want the real power of God. Amen. The real power of God to bring conviction to people lives changed. Yes. People loving God because they're in love with God. That's why they here. Amen. That's why they worshiping because they love him with all their heart. Yes, that's the kind of church we want. Amen. Not an intellectual church with all kind of intellectualism and all of this and that. We want somebody that's really going to live something. Thank the Lord. Amen. Come on, brother God. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I'm all right now. Amen. Amen. Y'all pray for me. I'm getting ready to drive off soon as I change. So, let's just bow. Amen. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we thank you, Lord. Thank you, oh God, for just the service this morning, Lord, for loving us, keeping us, blessing us. Lord, we praise you and we thank you, Lord. Just keep us now as we go our way. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] [Music]
