################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-05 - Minister M. Armstrong Mind Control - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-05
Title:    Minister M. Armstrong: "Mind Control"
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWK0GawNnIU
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] and cat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice. Amen. to worship you. Oh my soul, my soul, my soul rejoice. Take joy, take joy in what you Let it be. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound. We're going to take it up. I love you, Lord. [Music] My word Jesus [Music] my soul rejoice. [Music] Let it be. Let it be. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound. We're going to take it up one more time. I love you. I love you Jesus. to worship. My soul joy, baby. We're going to take it up one more time. Take it up. Jesus worship. [Music] [Music] Just one more time. We going to take it up. Heat. Heat. [Music] Let it be a sweet sweet Let it be. Let it be sweet. Let it be a sweet. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Amen. We ask brother Fred to open us for a word of prayer this evening. Amen, brother Fred. [Music] Thank you, Fathers together. Lord, we ask you, Lord, that you would come, Lord. You said we are sheep and we need lead. Lord, we ask you, Lord, to lead us and guide us, Lord. And said we can't do anything without you, Lord. And we realize, God, we depended on you, Lord. And if you don't help, we don't, Lord. Oh, God. We realize we're living at the Christmas time. It said in Hebrew 10 so we can see these times period don't neglect ourselves together. We're here tonight Lord asking you to come and be in our vision and show yourself alive in us. Show us the way. Guide us Lord. Ask anything in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother said if the Lord going to help us with doom. Amen. Doom without Christ. Amen. Give me E flat. E flat. Lead me. Guide me. Amen. Along the way. [Music] Lead me. guide me alone for you. Amen. If you leave me, Lord, let me walk in Jesus name. Lord, let me walk. Let me walk on today with the lead. Oh Lord, lead me. Amen. Lord, we need you to lead and guide all truth. And your word said, "Lead me, lead me. Guide me along the way. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Don't let me walk. [Music] Leave me, oh Lord. Leave me, oh Lord. Lord, leave me. [Music] Jesus. Lord Jesus. Lead me, Lord. Lead me. You are welcome in this place. Mighty God. Amen. You are welcome in this place. Our father. Our father. You You are worthy of all praise. To you. To you alive we raise. You are well. Amen. Jesus, you're welcome. You are Please, you are welcome in this place. I think they sing you are awesome in this place. You're awesome. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. right there. You're worthy. You are worthy. Jesus is worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy. Jesus. Jesus is worthy. You might well love you. I love him because he love me. Amen. I love you. I love you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Glory, hallelujah. Since I glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Glory. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] down. It down. I'm going to live anywhere over the ocean. Heat. Heat. Heat. Surely away you are surely dri away in Jesus. If your soul in Jesus your soul in Jesus now hanging in Jesus, you will surely surely surely. Amen. Praise the Lord. As the little sisters, they come on up. Amen. Amen. [Music] Okay. You don't know. I'm living in the overflow covered by your love. Moving with the Holy Ghost. You're more than enough. I'm walking in your freom now. Covered by your grace. Witnessing your healing power. We have been changed. Say, "Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my living. I am living in the overless. I am living. I am living in the you are the sovereign one. You giving us your name. Your kingom come. I'm living in the over the Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. M where we go for your Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I am living. [Music] That's the problem. Come on up at this time. Everybody all right? Seem kind of subdued. You all right? Praise the Lord. Somebody out there. Amen. Amen. Y'all look so happy. So happy. One more time. One more time. He allowed us to come together. One more time. One more time. Heat. Heat. together. My heart in my grave. [Music] I don't know why I love I don't want to take you. Let me tell you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I don't know. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Glad to come together again in Jesus name. Amen. Everybody glad to be here. Ain't nobody gladder than me. Ain't nobody gladder than me. I'll tell you that right now. Sisters, please in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] run. [Music] [Music] Order my steps in your word, dear Lord. Lead me, guide me every day in your anointing. Father, I pray my steps. Please order my steps. [Music] Order my steps in your word, dear Lord. Lead me, guide me every day in your anointing. Father, I pray my word for my word. [Music] Only I ask thee. Teach me your will. While you are working, help me be still. Though Satan is busy, God is real. Order myself in your word. Please order my word. Pride of my tongue. Let my words edify. Let the words of my mouth be acceptable in my mind. Hey my heart my Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What am I? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. [Music] Amen. We have the brothers come on up at this time. Amen. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Amen. [Music] Beloved now we are the sons of God adopted by his blood. We've been redeemed. We've been made joiners with Jesus to reign as priests and kings. Tell me now, what do we say to these things? If God is for us, [Music] tell me now who can be against us. If God is on your side, how can you be denied? In all these things we are more than coner through Jesus Christ our Lord. And nothing can say parade us from the love of God. We're told that God is working everything out for our God. If we love him, then we're called to do his will. And though the enemy tries to stop us, still the song our heart still sings. Tell me, what do we say to these things? If God is for us, tell me now who can be against us. If God is on our side, tell me now, how can we be denied? In all these things I am more than a coner through Jesus Christ my Lord. And nothing can say parade me and nothing can separate me from the love of God. [Music] Amen. Nothing separate us from the love of the Lord. Do a little chorus and we bring the brother on up. Amen. I know we ready. Amen. Better get ready. [Music] Do this one. [Music] That's cool. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Heat up here. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's welcome my brother up this evening. Amen. Amen. What song should we bring up, brother? Which which one you I can go ahead. You can go ahead. Go on. You Let's stay right there. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. [Music] You deserve it. One more time. My hallelujah. Say my hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah. Say hallelujah belongs to you. Sing my hallelujah. Say my hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to Come on, let's shout it out real big. You deserve the glory you deserve. You deserve. You deserve. Yes, you do. You deserve. Here's another one. Oh, you won't fail. You won't fail me. You won't fail. Come on. He's a God who never fails. You won't fail. In spite of how hard it looks, you won't fail. Come on. Hope you won't fail. when I mess up, Lord. Uh you never never fail me, Jesus. You won't fail. Oh, you won't fail because he never fails. Say, "Lord, I trust you. Lord, I no matter how hard it looks, Lord, no matter how bad I feel, still sick in my body. Oh, Lord, I'll trust you. Here's why. Cuz you won't fail. [Music] Come on. You won't fail. Oh, hallelujah. You won't fail me. You won't fail. So my hallelujah say my hallelujah. My hallelujah say hallelujah. One more time. Oh my hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to nobody but you. Not my job. not my doctor. My hallelujah belongs to him tonight. Amen. Amen. We appreciate the worship service thus far. Amen. It is good to be back in the house of the Lord on tonight on this 4th of July. Amen. Amen. They firecrackers, but we got some firecrackers up in here tonight. Amen. Amen. We uh we we're just thankful to be here tonight. My family couldn't be here. They had some uh previous obligations that they had to commit to, but the Lord is here and we are grateful to be here. We appreciate Pastor Simmons. I know he's out today and appreciate the ministers, our brother Ernest and brother Caleb. Uh I am nervous so I'm going to jump right back right into the word of God here. Our pastor Palmer in the back. Amen. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. A brother I hold in very very high regard. He's a brother. I I just remember growing up and I remember when he had first married sister uh sister Palmer and we had been used to calling him brother Jeremiah. And I walked up. She probably don't remember this, but I walked up. I think they were engaged at this time. And I walked up to him and I said, "God bless you, Sister Palmer." No, Sister Jeremiah. That's what I said. God bless you, Sister Jeremiah. Cuz we had gotten so used to calling him that. My mom, she said, "Brother Matias, no, that's Sister Palmer now. that brother Jeremiah is his first name. So, we're glad to have them in the house. Good to see, brother Josh. I saw him outside. Good to see you, man. Amen. Let's jump right into the word here. 1 Peter chapter 5:8. I won't be before you long. I just want to share a few few thoughts here, uh, that I have been kind of meditating on here in the past few weeks. I've shared it with the church, uh, the home church, and hopefully it can be a blessing to you on tonight. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 5 and we'll start reading at verse verse 8. It says very familiar passage says be sober, be vigilant because your adversary who the devil, how many the devil don't care how old you are, how sick you are, how young you are, he's going to be your adversary. Amen. To Jesus come or to death do you part? He's your adversary. So Peter is telling us here be sober and be vigilant. That means stay spiritually alert and always stay watchful and be ready. Amen. He says because the devil as a roaring lion walketh about. This is not some past tense thing to where the devil walks today and then takes the rest tomorrow. How know he don't take no vacation. Amen. He don't take no PTO. Matter of fact, we take more vacation than he do. Amen. We feel like I had a good day at church Sunday morning. So, I'mma get out here and enjoy myself. And the devil be that right there waiting. So, he says he's walketh about right now. He's walking around thinking of what ways can I trip brother Matias up. Amen. Walkth seeking whom he may devour. Let's turn to um 1 Corinthians 2 Corinthians chapter 10:4-5. You know, I think about Jesus on Mount Transfiguration. Bible says he took Peter and James and John up the mountain and they had a good old time. As soon as he came down from that mountain, what was waiting on him? A devil. Confusion. Devil don't take No, he don't care because you had a good time in church. He don't care because you was slain in the spirit. He's going to be waiting for you. Why? Because he's your adversary. His purpose is to to to mess our lives up. But God has given us the victory. Amen. So 2 Corinthians chap 10 4:4-5. Here's Paul saying, "For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal." Amen. But they are mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Paul is telling us here that people are not your problem. Your job is not your problem. That boss on the whatever that people circumstances are not your problem. He's telling us that for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal. We can't attack the enemy from a carnal perspective. Then he tells us how we overcome. Amen. Verse 5, he says, "Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalted itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into activity, every somebody say every every thought, not just the bad thoughts, even your good thoughts that you may think sound good, may may feel good, but he's telling every thought, whether good or bad, you take it to the captivity through the obedience of Christ. So I want to take from a a a thought here from that pastor scripture. Mind control. Amen. Mind control. May the Lord add blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Thank you. Father God, you preached a message uh the greatest battle ever fought. I know many it's a a message that is very familiar. A lot of us has probably read it or listened to it. But it it it is a place to where he lays out to where the first battle that was ever fought began in the heaven. And then he says Satan was cast down from the heavens into the earth. And then he outlines where the battle is today. And he says that battle is where? In our minds. Um he says here when when this great battle started on earth, he says the battlegrounds begin in the human mind. Decisions are made from the mind ahead. The battlegrounds where you've got he didn't say maybe. He says the battlegrounds where you've got to meet the enemy is in your mind. Come on. But he wants us to think it's uh brother Matias he talked about me so I got to give him a piece of my mind. Matias ain't your problem. You got to make sure your motives and your objectives are right because the enemy is very crafty. He came to Eve not with some oh you go rob a bank. He's not going to come to us with these obvious stuff. He's going to try to twist the word up to make you think you're right. Amen. Right. Here's the definition of the mind here. The mind is the human element part substance or process that reasons, thinks, feels, wills, perceives, decides, and judges. Most people have a mindset. You can be absent-minded. You can be open-minded. You can be narrowminded or close-minded. And you can be out of your mind. And you can be in your right mind. Amen. Amen. Uh Aristotle uh I found this quote um everybody know who Aristotle is right he I found this quote that he he said he says happiness is a state of mind he says we are shaped by our thoughts we become what we think he says if you don't mind it doesn't matter now I want y'all to catch this is Aristotle he says it is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. Amen. Amen. It is the mark of an educated mature mind. He's this Aristotle. He ain't believe. I don't believe. But he says it is a mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. Amen. Prophet God says it. But when it comes to reality, your mind opens up. Your mind either accepts it or rejects it. It is your mind that opens up the door or closes the door. Thank you, let's go to 2 Corinthians chap verse 11. Why is the mind so important? Why is it the devil's playground, if you will? Paul says here 11:3 but I fear lest by any means as the serpent begaled Eve through her through his subtlety so your mind should be corrupted for simplicity that is in Christ. I want Paul talks about the mind more than anybody else in the Bible. Anybody else in the Bible, Paul hits it hard. Why? Because he understood that real transformation don't begin with your feet. Don't begin with your actions. It starts in your mind. Yes. Yes. He understood this is where transformation starts. He was deeply aware of strongholds. He talks about uh uh uh the Gentiles being surrounded by pain. He understood that the concept of how to overcome in this day and age, it starts in your mind. He himself battled with the internal thoughts and contradictions. Romans 7:23 says he was waring against the own law in his mind. You know, a few weeks ago, maybe it was last week, Trump fired some rockets uh to Iran. And that night a few brothers called me and believers and they were calling me manas tell me what do you think man what's going on you think the world about to come to an end you think we need to what what we need to do this we're panicking and I said what y'all worrying about this stuff's supposed to happen we should be rejoicing because the time is at hand if your life ain't right if you know you got things you need to clean up then you should be fearful but if you know you've serving God and you see these things being manifested, Trump can do whatever he want. I got nothing to worry about. Before one rocket hits the United States, church, we out of here. Amen. Bless. I say this stuff shouldn't drive you out of fear. It should drive you to your knees. Praying for your family members, praying for yourself. [Applause] Build your hopes on things eternal. Don't worry about what's going on down here in this world. drunk can do whatever he got to do. He holds my life in his hand. Go ahead. Amen. Amen. Sister, if you can if you could pull that slide up, Sister Abigail, it says, "Why does the devil choose the mind as his starting point?" I use this slide. I taught a series on uh character development. And it it is a very powerful slide because it it it shows outlines we understand that character is not a gift, it's a victory. But if you understand why the devil uses our mind to to to impact us. It's because our mind controls every aspect of it. Amen. I She says not working. Let's give our sister Abigail Hancock a praise. She's having some technical difficulties. Amen. But until she finds it, I want to I want to read something here. The Bible says the prophet God said in that same message, the greatest battle of all. He said, "Decisions are made in the mind." That's your head. And here's why. Here's here's a fact here I want to read to you. The human mind has about 6 to 8,000 thoughts per day. That's a lot of thoughts. Some of you probably thinking right now, right? So 6 to 8,000 thoughts per day. According to research, up to 80% of our thoughts are negative. 80% of that 6 to 8,000 thoughts are negative. And as you can see from this slide here, this is why Satan because your thoughts dictate your words because before we do anything, before we say anything, it starts with a thought. That's right. That's right. It starts in your brain. It starts up here. Before you say something, you thought it first. Before you do something, you thought it first. Amen. So your thoughts drive your words. Your words drive your actions. Your actions create habits. Your habits drive your attitude. Now it it develops your charact when people say that's just the way that I am. Yeah, that may be true, but that's not where the way God want you to be. He said from whom he forneew he predestinated to be conformed. So you can't just use that. That's just the way that I am. If I keep upsetting you, you just got to take it the way it is. That ain't why God went to Calvary and died. Amen. Amen. That's right. We can't fix this flesh. But God gave us the power to overcome. Amen. Amen. So when the people say that, I say, don't accept that. Amen. That starts with that's your reasoning. That's your justification. That's you trying to justify what God is saying. I come to fix that. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Just accept it and say, "Lord, fix me. I'm the potter. You are the what?" Clay. Amen. Just say, "Lord, mold me." Amen. Amen. Yes. Hallelujah. So, it starts with our thoughts. Your character is a victory. So, guess what? You got to overcome. You've got to overcome your thoughts. You've got to change your words, change your actions, change your habits. Amen. It's a fight. And it starts in your mind. Come on. A 2005 study, sister, if you can leave that up there, by the National Science Foundation found that thousands of thoughts that people have daily, approximately 80% are negative. And I want y'all to catch this. 95% are repetitive from day to day. I'm going tell you, the enemy don't take no time off. Same thought you had yesterday, you going to wake up, same thought again. But so you got to be ready. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary. That's right. The devil is looking for a small crack to slip in for you to reason and accept that thought. We just read once you accept that thought, you've allowed Satan to start building a stronghold in your mind. Amen. That's right. The average person has about 6,000 8 4,000 thoughts of Neville. Then the battlefield of our mind is not a maybe. Church, it is a guarantee. Amen. This is where it starts. Starts in your thoughts. Your thoughts will drive your words. This is character development. This is how you do it. God is coming back for it. Not your body. He coming back for your character. So if your mindset is God made me this way, you was born in sin, shaped in iniquity. That's right. He came and died to fix you. That's right, church. We're not perfect. Amen. Filled with the Holy Ghost. We still got flaws. Yes. Yes. We still have errors of our ways. But the Holy Ghost on the inside of you in action causes you to want to fix that. Amen. Here's Peter on the day of Pentecost, part of the 120, filled with the spirit. Amen. But when pressure came, those thoughts came in his mind. Guess what? He was a little he was a little prejudice. Since I'm around my Jewish buddies, I'm I'm I'mma I'm I'm not not associate myself with the Gentiles. Filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. So, here's another Holy Ghost believer. Paul comes up to him, confronts him to his face. Now, I want y'all to think about Peter in this moment. In this moment around all these people that that esteem him to highlight, think about the mind battle he's having at this very moment. Paul confronted him to his face around all these people. Amen. You going to let Paul talk to you like that? Who does Paul think he is? You're the elder here. Paul should have pulled you to the side. But something on the inside of Peter realize that's the Holy Ghost responding in action. You know what? I'm wrong. That's right. Lord, help me. That's what the Holy Ghost does. Comes to to give us the power, church, to fix ourselves cuz we can't do it. He does. Amen. Let's give a little hand clap of praise. Amen. All right. So, the devil chooses the mind as a starting point because it is the control center of a person's life as we see here spiritually, emotionally, and behaviorally. It influences our thoughts and he can if he can influence our thoughts, he can influence our life. Amen. So, I want to I want to break down three aspects here and how we win this battle of our thoughts. And there's three pieces I want to talk about. Renew, capture, and guard. Amen. Let's turn to Ephesians chapter 4:23. Everybody good? Amen. So, you can't fight uh effectively on a battleground you're not prepared for. Amen. You go through history, look at all the wars, civil wars, the battle of Gettsburg, battle here, the these people sent scouts out. Okay, if this is where the battle is going to be, let's figure out how we can get the upper hand. Where's the high ground? Where's the low ground? So, we got to understand if this is Satan's battleground, as the prophet of God puts it, we got to know how to fight him in that area. The Bible says here in Ephesians 4:20 to see, and be renewed in the spirit of your mind. What does that word be renewed mean? It means a continual and ongoing process. This is not like a you go renew your license once every what 10 years. This ain't what that scripture talk about. That's the wrong type of renewal. This is something that is continually and ongoing. That's right. It's about a total renovation. And he says it's in the spirit. It's your inner attitude. So Ephesians 4:2 says, "Let God continually renovate the deepest part of our thought life." Romans 12:2 says, "And be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the what? Renewing of your mind." It's like sleep. We all need sleep every night. Some of you probably thinking about it right now. I need sleep. I'm tired. I had a long week. That's your body telling you you need to renew. Amen. The process of renewal when you sleep, what does it do? It it it resets your nervous system. It cleans your brain. It processes memory and emotion. And it prepares you for a new day. You ever didn't have enough sleep? Your your next day probably not going to be very well. You're going to be short-tempered. You probably going to be highly aggravated because your body is telling you you need sleep. Amen. And it's the same way in the spirit. We have to renew our mind daily. The prophet uh uh uh uh the Lord's prayer says it's a daily bread. Give us this day our what? Daily bread. I need you every day. Amen. So to renew spiritually is mean to be made new again in nature. Strength and purpose especially in alignment with God's will. It involves restoration. It involves transformation. And it involves a daily cleansing. Yes. Yes. The Greek word for renewed is ano. It implies a continuous. I want y'all to catch this. And progressive change, not a one-time event. Amen. Amen. Oh, I came to the altar. I got prayed for. I'm renewed. It don't stop there. Amen. Why is having a renewed mind so important, brother Matias? Our renewal has to be constant because the I said it in the beginning. The devil don't take no time off. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Be sober. Be vigilant. He's giving you He's giving you instructions of how to combat. Be sober. Be vigilant. Because your adversary, the devil, is right now walking around thinking of ways. Brother Matias been reading his Bible. Oh, I can get him now. Let me have somebody cut him off on the street today and see how he respond. Blessing Jesus. The devil knows. He knows where when we at our weakest. He He'll get you at a point you didn't have your coffee that morning. You didn't have sleep last night. That be that one day he anoint your boss to just drive you crazy. That be the day your boss get on your nerves. That be the day everybody want to cut you off. That be the day everybody driving slow. I got to get to work. And you find yourself getting out of character. Amen. Amen. But when you start your morning with a prayer, Amen. When you start your morning with a devotional, it prepares you and it resets your mind. Amen. Says, "Lord, get me ready for this day cuz I know the devil's waiting to trip me up." Amen. Amen. Renewing your mind in the spirit of your mind. Amen. Because this nature is corrupt. Amen. Paul said, "In this flesh dwelleth no good thing." You can't fix this flesh. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Cuz how much you come to church, you can't fix it. You were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. That's right. Amen. You need the Holy Ghost. Gmen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. The flesh still wants to do what it wants to do. And here's here's the warning. If you don't renew, you will revert. Yes. Yes. Come on. I'll say that again. If you don't constantly renew this mind, you will find yourself doing the things you used to do. Bless. Bless. You know, I I shocked my parents one time when I was preaching and I told them that when I was in high school. I I used to cuss real bad. My mom sitting over there. I never forget. She's like shocked cuz I didn't cuss naturally. I wouldn't cuss when I'm at the home or at the church. But when I was in that school, I tell you what, but God delivered me from that. Right? So, so the power of the Holy Ghost, he delivered. So, I don't cuss. Don't even think to cuss. But here's what I won't do. I won't go hang around people who cuss. I won't go watch movies with because I know that thing that's on the inside is waiting for the opportunity to rise back up again. Why did Paul say, "I have to die." What? Daily. Hallelujah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm crucified with Christ, but that don't mean that flesh trying to wiggle off that cross waiting for an opportunity. Let me get let me squeeze off this cross a little bit. We have to die daily, church. Amen. Amen. You can't you by yourself can't overcome. That's why the Bible gives us scripture. Forsake the very presence of evil. Keep the company you keep. They they can distract you. They can they can influence you. Amen. You can't. There's a brother that I've been witnessing to and and he's um he always tells me, "Man, I want to get my life right." And I know he's not ready. And he said, he told me one day, he said, "Man, I'm going to go up and I'm going to get baptized Sunday." And I said, "Man, let me I want you to be honest with me." I said, "Because baptizing is not something you check a box for." Amen. You want to get baptized and you want to give your life to Christ, you got to repent. And that word repent, that's not saying, "I'm sorry, Lord," because you feel bad. That means you made a decision to turn away. And I said, if you have not made in your heart right now the decision to forsake all your friends, all this other stuff, then don't waste your time. Cuz in your heart, you still want to do what you want to do. Amen. I I'm I'm all about church. I'm I'm not I'm not waste I don't want to waste people's time. You got to make people sure people's hearts are right. Amen. Cuz it starts with the heart. When God convicts the heart, he breaks the heart. The heart pulls you up. Not off no emotions. Not off I feel bad for what I did. Yes, that's a part of it. But God God draweth. There has to be something pulling you. Not getting baptized because mama don't want me to get baptized. Or daddy, there's something tugging on the inside. And you have to make a decision to forsake all. Amen. Amen. Go ahead. You You got to be willing to give up something. Amen. Cuz it ain't going to be convenient. Amen. Go ahead, Jesus. Amen. I don't know why I went there. All right, let's go to chap Romans chapter 7 21. This is Paul here. What I said before, Paul talks about the mind so much during his ministry. He says here in Romans 7 chapter 21, this is Paul the first messenger to the to the first church age, right? He says verse 21 says, "I find then a law that when I would do good, what evil is present with me." Why I'm doing good? For I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see another law in my members, waring against the law of the mind of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my mirrors. Even though Paul wants to do right, M even though his mind delights in God's word, there's still an old pattern, an old law of sin still trying to rise back up. And where does that war take place, church? In his mind, because unfortunately, church, we have a memory. And the devil will always try to bring back into remembrance the things you used to do. Bless the things you used to say, that music you used to get with in the club, he'll try to remind you over there. But it starts with the thought that don't make it a sin. When that thought comes in there, you have the power to either accept that thought. That's right. Or take it into captivity. That's right. Paul here, he he wasn't a sinner, but he was a sanctified man with a memory. He was filled with the Holy Ghost. But that old man kept trying to rise back up. Romans 7:15 says, "For that which I do, I allow not. For what I would, that I do not. But what I hate," he says, "that I do." Paul is here admitting that the things I still hate, he's trying to rise back up. I hate it. But why won't it go away? Because the old nature does not die easily. And the first place it'll try to resurrect itself is where? In your mind. Our minds have to be renewed just like you changing oil in your car. You drive around for 5 years with that same oil in your car if you want to. You'll be on the side of the road. It's not a one time event. It's something you have to constantly get changed. Why? Because the the the oil collects dirt. It collects all of these things. And you got to change it out. Amen. It's the same day. It's not something you do once a month. Renewing your mind. It's not something you do on a Sunday, but it's something we have to do every day. Second Corinthians 4:16 says, "Throw our outward man perish. Yet the inward man is renewed day by day. Brother, how do I renew my mind?" I found this quote here in the greatest battle. Very powerful message. And I hate to to to keep going back to that, but it is a message that answers every question when it comes down to overcoming the enemy in your mind. He says, "Now, if you sit down when you get home and draw three little rings," he says, "You'll find out that the outside body has five senses is contacted by, and that is see, taste, feel, smell, and hear." That's the five senses that control the human body. He says, um, inside of the body is a soul. When the soul is controlled by imaginations, your conscience, your memory, your reasons, and your affections, that's the thing that controls the soul. He says, "But the spirit, it only has one sense." The spirit, oh, let's get it. The spirit has uh uh one sense, and that sense is either dominates it is faith or doubt. He says that's exactly and there's one, he says there's one avenue to it. Y'all catch this. He says that's free moral agency. You can accept doubt or you can accept faith. Amen. Either one you want to work on. Therefore, Satan begin at the principal part to cause the spirit of man to doubt God's word. Amen. So, how do you renew your mind? Amen. Through the word of God. True. Amen. Lord, sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is what? Truth. It's truth. God's word washes the mind from lies, from fear, from doubt. Amen. They say your family ain't going to make it. God washes that away. I'mma always be broke. God washes that away. Amen. You got to renew your mind, church. Doctor says the doctor report says this, by his stripes. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Daily you got to remind yourself encourage yourself in the Lord. Seem like things are getting worse instead of getting better. David found himself in that place. He says many are they that rise up against me. Those are thoughts in his mind. But he finds himself and says thou, oh Lord, are my shield. Hallelujah. Yeah. Those m those thoughts happen. David is in distress. He's running for his life. Amen. But he finds himself having a a a mind battle. And he has the power to say, "But thou, oh Lord, Amen. are shield for me." Amen. You're my glory. And you lift my head up when I'm down. When I don't understand it, hallelujah. You're still there. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. But his delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law he meditate day and night. Amen. Day and night. What's the purpose of you getting into this word? It's not to check a box and said, "I did my devotional today." Thank you, Jesus. My phone popped up said, "Hey, listen to your devotional." That ain't the purpose, church. That becomes a routine and you missed. That's what the John writes the letter to to the Ephesian church age in Revelation 3. He says, "You're doing all of these things you're coming to church to." He says, "But you left your first love." He didn't say they didn't love him. They just didn't love him first. Your driving factor to getting into this book should be your love and relationship for him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. If you want to transform life, you have to have a renewed mind. Amen. Let's go to Isaiah chapter 26 and 3. World right now is looking for peace. Things are going crazy politically. Things are going crazy financially. Things are going crazy all over the world. So people are looking for peace. But the peace God gives ain't an outward peace. It doesn't start from anything out there. Starts on the inside. And how does the Bible says we get this perfect peace? Thou will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is. You got to stay there. Amen. Amen. Not a place you can visit periodically. Amen. This ain't no work visa. This ain't a place you can come and say, "I'm only here for a period of time." He said you have to stay there. Not a place you visit on vacation. It's your legal residence. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who's that? David said, "I would uh uh get surely goodness and mercy. Follow me all the days of my life. And I will dwell in the house of the Lord. Not just on Sundays, not just on Wednesday nights, not just on Fridays, but every day. Amen. Cuz he follows me. Amen. Amen. I think it was in Moses in Exodus chapter 33. God tells him, "I'm going to send an angel before you." Uh, and Moses tells God, he says, "Man, if you don't go with me to face these people, I ain't moving. I'm going to stay right here." That's right. Because I need your presence every day. Not just on Sunday morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Not not just a place that we visit church. All right. So, let's go to uh 2 Corinthians chap 10:5. Let's give the Lord a hand clap a praise. Amen. I'm almost done. I want to keep you long. All right. So, this is a big one. So, after you've renewed your mind, you've done your pre-work, you've done your workout, you've done you've gotten ready for the big game, you're prepared, you've watched the film, you're prepared, you've you prophet God said in the message this year in the church age, he said, "No believer is either spiritually strong or alive than his knowledge of the word of God and his adherence to it." Like what we have a lot today is a lot of knowledge. Amen. But no adherence. Amen. All right. So it says here, for the weapons of our warfare are not what carnal, but they are mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Here we go. Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. That word capture means to seize, control, and command your thoughts before they control you. Amen. Uh it it's not something that is gentle. It is a violent spiritual warfare language. Paul here is painting a picture of you arresting your thoughts, handcuffing them. This is not like you get stopped on the side of the road for speeding and the policeman gives you a warning. You don't give the devil a warning. You going to jail. That thought you just gave me. Don't you ever give me this thought again. You got to take it. You got to capture it. You don't play around with it. Amen. And he says all your thoughts because every thought, not just the sinful thoughts, because of course, brother Matias, you got fired on your job. Devil ain't going to come and say, "Go rob that bank." Cuz I know that's why would I do that? That's crazy. What he'll do? He'll play mind battles. Okay. There's a job opening. Brother Matias. Yeah. To keep you out of church three or four Sundays, but as long as you pay your tithe, the Bible says if you pay your tithe, put it in the storehouse, he'll bless you. What that brings? Reasoning. Yeah. But if I take it captive and says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God." Devil, you a liar. I will not take that job because my job, my God is Jehovah, Gyra. Isaac tells Abraham, "Daddy, where's the sacrifice?" We we going to Abraham didn't reason. He had no answers. But what did he say? God will provide. Don't know how. Don't know where, but I know he's going to provide. That's a thought he took captive. He had the opportunity to reason. Amen. Says every thought, not just sinful thoughts, not just lustful, not just fearful, anxious, prideful, but also your self-righteous thoughts, your assumptions, your justifications. Even though your ideal may be a good idea, it may not be a God idea. Because what's driving your thought? Amen. Jesus. Just because it's a good thought, did it come from God? Amen. Some of our good thoughts can be rooted in pride. Amen. Selfishness, ambition, Amen. The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life. Amen. They can be good thoughts, good ideas, good things, but if it contradicts this word, That's right. You have to take it captive. Amen. Why? Because James tells us that every man is tempted when he's drawn away from what? His own lust. Amen. No exceptions. Every man, he says it must be accepted in the mind and is believed with the heart. Then the word of God becomes a reality. Then every senses of our soul and body is scored out with the Holy Spirit. Then your sense of God, your conscience of God, everything that's godly flows through you. 1 Peter 1 and13 says, "Wherefore gord up the loins of your mind." Here's that word again. Be sober and hope to the end for the grace that is brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. Jesus uh why is Peter saying gird up the loins of your mind? Because he knew trouble was coming. Amen. Amen. And holiness and all those things that starts in the mindset, right? It starts here. Um, gird up the loins of your mind. Paul pulls in an example here of how back in those days when when they would go running around, they would have to pull up their loins of their their uh clothes so they wouldn't trip. So, he's saying you have to be prepared here. Just like a soldier wouldn't run into battle with his rope dragging behind him, Peter is saying a believer can't run this race with loose thoughts just hanging around everywhere. True. Amen. Fear, distraction. The Bible says, "A double-minded man is what?" unstable. Not in some, but in all of his ways. But here's the I want I want to share this scientific uh fact because the the devil's how should I put this moments where he would try to attack you is when you're at your weakest. He came to Jesus in the wilderness when Jesus was at his weakest fleshwise. And the the things that he came to Jesus at church were legitimate needs. Was Jesus hungry? Yes. But what did he do? He took that thought, that emotion, and he took it captive to what? The obedience of Christ. Man shall not live by bread alone. Here's a scientific fact here about your brain, your mind. I want y to I want y'all to really catch this. This is why we have to be ready and prepared. He says it says every time a problem arises your brain anytime a problem arises your brain is designed to automatically go into problemsolving mode. You get a text right now from somebody and say the roast is burn at home. Immediately your brain is trying to figure out what I need to do by dinner. Do I need to go to Publix? Do I need to go to KFC? Do you get fired on your job? The immediately your brain starts to work in what you going to do? How you gonna do it? This is the part of its survival design. It is called the preffrontal cortex which controls decision making and reasoning. And your brain starts analyzing the issue almost instantly. That's right. To try and fix it, to try and make sense of it. This is called the problemsolving reflex. The brain, the mind hates uncertainty. So it constantly works to bring things into mental order or resolution. Let me catch. It will use the first thing it can grab. It will use fear. It'll use assumptions. It'll use your imagination. Somebody walk by you, they don't speak to you. The first thing your brain going to tell you, she got a problem with you. She didn't speak to you today. What is that? Church thoughts, assumptions. She may not just was thinking about it. How quickly does the brain try to solve a problem? Almost instantly the brain begins problem solving within milliseconds. As fast as 0.2 to 0.5 second after it detects a problem or an unexpected stimulus. This rapid reaction is handled by the preffrontal cortex. It is responsible for decision making and reasoning. Is this dangerous? Should I do this? What if God don't show up in time? My children get worse instead of getting better. Maybe they won't be saved. Trying to fix the problem. The Bible says take no thought for your life. That does not mean you can that thoughts won't come. But the Bible says don't be anxious about it. Don't worry about it. Amen. Because the Lord is my shepherd. The shepherd is responsible for who? The sheep. Amen. Do y'all realize if the sheep the shepherd don't feed the sheep, they will die. They not going to have the understanding if the shepherd ain't here, we got to go find us. They will sit right there and starve because they understand my dependence is on him. They don't be thinking in their mind what we going to do y'all. We ain't got no food. The shepherd gone. They'll sit right there. And that is where God wants us to be. Church never anxious about things. Amen. Because And that that is hard to do because your brain is wired to try to figure it out on your own. Amen. How I'm going to fix this. And it's hard to let go. Amen. It's hard to surrender all. It's hard to move yourself out of the way because of this brain, this mind. Amen. Amen. Amen. That means the moment a problem enters into your awareness, your brain automatically starts looking for solutions, explanations, patterns, past experiences, emotional responses. That's what happened with Eve. She started to use her brain. She started to reason. Amen. Amen. Instead of taking that thought captive, what did God tell you, Eve? Amen. Jesus. Thank you. She start remember what I said before. When you entertain that thought, in that moment, you accept it. That's right. That's right. But here's the trick. You don't you're not going to know what to capture that thought with if you ain't in this book. M when Jesus was in the wilderness, he didn't have to go, "Well, let me go back to church and ask the pastor. Let me go back home and study." It was immediate. He didn't have to think about it. Soon as the devil came with him, he knew man should not live by bread alone. He wouldn't it wouldn't it wasn't a back and forth. That's why renewing your mind is essential. Getting into this book because you the Bible said the prophet of God said you got to know the enemy and his tactics. All he gonna do is contradict this word. [Music] That's all he going to do. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. That's why we we understand that our confessions have to be always positive and ne and never negative. Amen. Amen. Um does this thought agree with the word of God? That's should be the question we ask ourselves. Hebrews 4:12 says and we are discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Once you identify it don't line up with the word of God. Don't negotiate with it. Don't reason with it. You do what? Take it captive. Amen. Just like the TSA, right? Uh, anybody who flies, you got something that don't belong on that plane and they don't negotiate. You can't take this bottle on that plane, but I'm thirsty. We don't care. Amen. So, your this Bible church is your TSA. Amen. Don't negotiate. The rules are there. You capture it to the obedience of who? Christ. What did God say about that? And a lot of times the the devil, what he'll do is he'll he'll use conflicting scriptures, right? Somebody does you wrong. I'll use this as an example. Somebody does you wrong and the devil will come to you, you mad, right? He come to you and say, "Oh, don't you worry. The Bible says that uh fret not when when evildoers do wrong against you because he'll cut them down like grass." Yeah. God get him. Bless. God get him. Touch not my anointed. Then you miss the scripture in Proverbs, I believe, where it says, "Rejoice not when your enemy falleth." Just because it's right, don't mean it's the right spirit behind it. The letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. Life. What's your motive? You shouldn't be feeling good because your brother over there lost his job. That's what he get. You reaping what you sow. [Laughter] church. Sometimes God will use the wrong in other people to help you see the wrong in you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I'm guilty of that. Sometimes I have to take a step back and say, "Lord, is my spirit right?" Yeah, they were wrong for what they did, but is my motive to get them to feel like how they made me feel? Amen. Because if that my motive, I need to be at the altar with them. Yes, that's right. Amen. Amen. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. You know, I was uh on my job. This year has been a uh very trying year and I found myself in a place to I was having a uh a very bad week and um I got a got a phone call from my boss and uh he said uh he said man I'm looking for uh he was looking for a report or something around that and I as one of my employees employees I had sent an email to and I hadn't gotten the email yet. Now, I was having a bad week. I was not in a good spirit. Let me just put it like that. I was having a bad week, bad day. I was not not in the best of moods. And he called me. He asked for uh you know, where's this project results that I've been asking for? And uh the day before he had put me in his office and says, you know, Reggie, you're going to be doing a lot of traveling. Uh you're going to be all over the country basically. And I wasn't happy about that. Didn't seek God that morning. didn't pray like I was just just very disgruntled. And he called me, asked for the email, and I went to uh I stormed out of my office, went down to my my uh my employees office, and his door was shut, and I have keys to it. I didn't knock, didn't do anything. I didn't care. Stuck my keys in the door and I open it up and he's sitting there on his laptop. And I called him by his name. I said, "Mike," his name was uh Micah Cameron. I said, "Micah, hello. that email I sent you last week. Uh, what what's going on with it? In the middle of him giving him response. And I said, "Well, where is it? Why I ain't got it yet?" He says, "Mr. Armstrong, I'm sorry. I'll send it to you right now." Didn't say nothing. I walked out and shut his door. Walked down to another office and uh came back and he he opened his door. He said, "Mr. Armstrong, can I speak to you for a second? church. I'm If I can be real, we all be there. We all, but how do you handle those situations? Amen. He came to conform us. We're not perfect. Amen. Amen. So, I walk in his office and he said, "Rie, I want to tell you something, man." He said, "I could tell you're having a bad day, uh, a bad week." He said, "I've been noticing a change in you this year." And he says, "But you, the way you came in my office, that's not you." And let me tell y'all this. In this moment, there's a there's a battle going on in my brain. Amen. There's two dogs fighting one another. One dog is saying he deserves that. He should have sent you that project. He works for you. Who is he to tell you what you should or shouldn't be doing? And here's another dog that is saying, "Let your light show shine before men that they might see your good works and glorify your father in heaven." Amen. Amen. Let your light so shine before men so they might see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. You are written epistles. That's right. Read and known before men. These are the things that are fighting right now in my brain. Why he's talking to me. But as we know, when you've been studying and feeding on the right stuff, that dog you feed the most, is the one that's going to overcome. Amen. Amen. So in that moment, he tells me, he's pouring himself out. He said, man, because the person that we know, that's not you right now. He says, don't you, he said, Reggie, don't allow what's happening around you change who you are. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. In that moment, church, I had a decision to either reason and justify my actions or capture that thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. I'm not perfect. But in order for me to grow, I have to realize like Peter did, Paul, you are right. I'm not gonna fight it. Amen. I'm even though I may be right in my standing, yes, Paul, I'm the elder here, but still the Holy Ghost on the inside of me won't allow me to to let this thing go. And I sat there. I said, "Mike, you right." Amen. I apologize. And I I thanked him. I said, "Thank you." Amen. Because sometimes God, we use other people, church, heaven. We can't have this mindset. I'm Holy Ghost filled, fire baptized. Who is he to tell me I'm wrong? If you wrong and it contradicts this word, say, "Lord, thank you. [Music] [Applause] That's why he came and he died and filled you with his spirit. Amen. Amen. Sometimes we have the mindset that soon as we filled with the Holy Ghost that we automatically conformed into his image. No, the potential is there you but you still got to work on that. Amen. God has given us the power to overcome. Let's give Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. So renewal trains your discernment. Capture is your instant obedience. The split-second arrest keeps hell's lies from renting space in heaven's temple. If you ever applied for a apartment uh application or maybe you rent your home out to somebody, there's an application that you have to fill out. And if they don't meet all the standards, guess what you have to tell them? Thank you for coming, but you can't live here. Amen. That's exactly what you got to do to the devil. You you capture it. You analyze it with this word. And if it don't believe, if it don't line up, you tell it thank you, but you can't stay here. Keep it moving. Amen. So is it a sin to have a bad thought? I think we all know the answer to that. No. Right. So it it temptation is not a sin because the Bible says for we have not a high priest that cannot be touched with the feelings of our infirmities. But in all points God was what? Tempted like as we are but it was yet without sin. The same thoughts you have today that you're fighting with, Jesus had it but he did not sin. Amen. So that means he's given you the power to do the same thing. Right? So you're responsible for how you respond to your thoughts. Sin begins when you agree with the thought. That's it. That's all sin is. Once you agree with that sin, that thought, now you've sinned. Amen. That's what that's what Eve did. The first sin in the Bible started in the mind and she agreed with it and she started the reason. She held the conversation. All right. Um, where can I go here? I mean, let's go praise. I don't want to be long. I want to wrap up here. Um let's go to [Music] let's go to uh Philippians 4 and 7. Let me skip around. So maybe I can finish it another time. So we understand that the the three concepts of of mind control is renewing the mind, capturing every thought. And my last point here as brother Ernest comes up is guarding your heart. Thank you. Or guarding your mind. Philippians 4:7 says, "And the peace of God which passes all understanding should keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." When your mind is renewed and your thoughts are aligned with the truth, the enemy will try to come back and plant doubt, fear, bitterness. He will come back, church, and try to fight you. He came back to Jesus two times after the first time. Kept coming back trying from a different angle. That's right. Amen. Right. But here here is here is how we guard our heart tonight. Verse eight says, "Finally, brethren, Whatsoever things are what? True. Whatsoever things are what? Honest. Whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of a good report. If there be any virtue in you, if there be any praise, what in your mind, think on those things. That's right. I was telling the church, I said, a brother comes in and and you know, he may be late all the time, right? He coming to church, man. That brother always late. But at least he in church. You have to switch it up like that cuz the devil tried to you to dwell on that thing. And the only thing you'll see in the person is what they doing wrong. Amen. So this is how you guard your heart. You can call it your filter. Whatsoever things are true, is it real? Is it factual? Whatsoever things are honest? Is it sincere? Honorable. Whatsoever things are just, is it righteous? Whatsoever things are pure, is it clean? And is it holy? That's right. I'm going to keep moving from that. Whatsoever things are lovely, does it promote love, peace, unity, and brotherly kindness? Amen. I'm going to leave that alone, too. Whatsoever things are of a good report. Would this be pleasing to God if you repeated or shared it? If God was in your group chat, would he like that text you just sent out? Thank you. If God was in your conversation with your sisters and your brothers, would he be uncomfortable in that conversation? Thank you, Jesus. You have to ask yourself those questions. Amen. Because if you're not, church, that means that maybe the devil has caused you to build a stronghold in your life that where you've reasoned and justified. Amen. He cannot build strongholds in our mind until we give him permission to do so. Amen. You have to give him permission by reasoning. Amen. By justifying. Prophet God talked about when the lawyer called his uh IRS or somebody called his phone and his wife or answer the phone and he he says, "I'mma step outside, tell him I'm not there." And he steps outside and she answers the phone. He's not here. Next time he tries to heal a child, God corrects him. You told a lie. That's right. You got to fix that thing. He didn't make no excuses. He didn't say, "Well, I did step outside. God, I was outside." He knew immediately it was wrong. Amen. And he had to go make that right. Church, don't justify. Don't reason. If it contradicts this word, the flesh will want to say, "No, this and that." That is the devil trying to build a stronghold. And once you build that stronghold, you get delivered from certain things like maybe cussing or or lust. You're delivered. But when you walk outside and you justified, it's okay if I watch that movie. It won't bother me. Bless it. That stronghold is still there. Amen. And until you tear that stronghold down by taking every thought captive to the obedience of Christ, you give the devil free reign to wreak havoc on your life. He don't own this up here. Amen. He fights you there. But church, he don't have to dwell here. This is how we guard our heart. Amen. Let's give Lord clap a praise. [Music] All right. Come on, brother Ernest. I'm going to close out with this with this quote here. So, but when the mind, this is from the uh greatest battle of the prophet God says, but when your mind closes itself to these things, he says, "And let God, the spirit of his word come in, it blows the rest of the stuff out." Amen. I'm going to read that again. But when your mind closes itself to these things and you let God and the spirit of his word, when the spirit of truth has come, spirit of his word come in, he says it blows the rest of the stuff out, every doubt is gone, every fear is gone, every sensation of doubt is gone, every feeling is gone. He says there's nothing standing there but the word of God. I want y'all to catch this. And he says, Satan cannot battle against that. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. I'm going to go ahead and close here. Hope this was a blessing to you. Little quick thought, quick lesson. Um I trust it was a blessing to you. May learn with a hand clap of praise. Amen. [Music] Church, take your mind back. We're living in a world today where people are people are going crazy. The time is filled with swift transition, but God has given us the victory on tonight. Amen. That's the word of God. Amen. Glory. Amen. You appreciate the word tonight. Amen. Mind control. Amen. Amen. Mind control. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. So many things were said tonight. You know, I was thinking about how he was saying, you know, um, God come to fix you. Amen. And I was always go back in my mind to when the Lord first was dealing with my life. And I remember praying. I said, "Lord," I said, "I I need you to to help me." I said, "God, I'm afraid of myself because I don't know what I'm capable of." Cuz I know my grandmother used to always make a statement said, "A a man that don't fear God will do anything. And a man without the Holy Ghost will do anything." All it is is the mercy of God's hand on your life. Amen. And if he was to take his hand off of you, where would you and I be tonight? Amen. So, we always think that way. You know, a lot of times, you know, you look in in life and and like he says, the devil, your adversary, he's fighting you every day, every hour, trying to find a little way to get in. Amen. To knock you off of your place where you are. And then you can't pray like you are. Amen. You can't stand in the gap. You can't seek God as as you ought because you let the devil get in. Right. That's right. But one thing about it, I thank God for his spirit. Amen. because he'll help guard those areas, right? You know, the prophet of God, one thing he said about Eve, he was saying that that Eve her greatest mistakes was when she stopped to listen to cuz when she stopped to listen, he walked right into her mind. And you don't have to stop to listen to the devil tonight. Amen. You can keep on going by the grace of God. Amen. I thank God tonight. It was so many so many wonderful things that was said tonight. And and you know those things that help you. Amen. Get through the day. How many believe that tonight? How many was blessed by the Lord tonight? Amen. It starts in the mind. Amen. I was sharing with the church the other Sunday. I says, "Why we worried about this storm and and the wind and the waves?" I said, "Jesus out there walking on them." So, while we worried about them, Jesus out there walking on them. Amen. And then we would only stop to look up for a little while. Amen. and see what Jesus is is because what is he's telling you? He's bidding you to come. Amen. If he he's out there, he's letting you see that come on. You belong to me. Hallelujah. You are in my hands, right? I'm in your heart. As long as I'm there, the ship can't sink. Amen. No matter what. But it takes your faith. How many believe that tonight? Come on. This is bringing out by faith and doubt. It takes your faith to rise to the occasion, right? Just say, "Lord, I believe you even though I don't see it." That's what faith is about. I don't see it. Come on. I don't feel it. I don't even hear it, but Lord, I believe it anyhow. Because God, you promised us that way. You stand tonight. Amen. Thank the Lord tonight. God is good. Let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. Amen. Jesus. Mind control. Hallelujah. God is good tonight. How many thank the Lord tonight? Oh yes. Did you get a word from God tonight? Oh Jesus. That's where it starts in the mind. Yes. Lord has a stronghold built up in your life. Oh Jesus. God I pray Lord tonight Lord as our brother poured out his heart. Lord God so many golden nuggets Lord passed out God. I pray Lord that we can see our faults, see our wrongs, God and Lord, move on from this place. Is that what you desire tonight, brother, sister? Come on. Is that what you desire? God wants to take your fear away. Hallelujah. And put faith in that place. Yes, Lord. The way you can say, "God, I believe." Yes, Lord. The devil shooting all kind of fiery darts, but I won't hear them tonight. Hallelujah. I'm going stand in the word of God. Lord, I believe you. Yes, Lord. Your word left your mouth and it shall not return unto you void. Lord Jesus. Yes, God. Casting down fear. Yes, Lord. Casting down doubt. Yes, Lord. Casting down everything that telling me I can't make it. Oh Jesus, I can make that. Because you made it. Oh Jesus, I'll overcome because you overcame. Lord, and my life is in your hand. Yes, Lord. You called me. Yes, Lord. And I'm still standing by the grace of God. Lord, Devil, get away from me. Get away from my mind. Get away from my home. Get away from my children. Get away from my job. Let hold my finances. Oh Jesus. Lord, you got to put it in God's hands. Oh Jesus. Demons tremble. At that name Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Somebody worship God tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. It's all right to worship God. Amen. Come on. Don't be afraid to worship God now. Come on. If you want a blessing, you got to worship God. Hallelujah. You got to open your mouth and say, "Lord, I thank you. Lord, I love you. God, I got needs, Lord. Oh, Jesus. I got needs, God. You promised to pro provide all of my needs. And I believe it tonight." Amen. God is so good. Amen. We thank the Lord tonight. Uh, Sister Pan comes and bless us us with a song. If you want prayer, you can come tonight. Y'all feel all right. Amen. Amen. Come on. It's in what is it? Independence Day or something? Come on. There's no greater independence than when God set us free. Amen. [Music] [Laughter] I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting and it's such a blessing for me. Praise the Lord. Hallelu, I'm free. [Laughter] I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more trains holding me. My soul is resting. And it's just a blessing for me. Praise the Lord. Hallelu. I'm free. I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. Oh, I'm no longer bound. There no more chains holding me free. My soul is resting [Applause] and it's just a blessing for me. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. I'm free. Yes, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. No, my dream holding me. My soul is resting. It's just a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I am free. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. Oh my go praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Halleluah. I'm free. Amen. I'm free. Amen. We thank God that Kisha had a short testimony she wanted to give us tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It is okay. Praise the Lord. I just wanted to testify. Um, last year I had been diagnosed with um, hypertension. I never had this problem in my life, but last year after I lost my mom, I think it was maybe the stress from that or what have you, but the doctor was like, "Okay, your blood pressure is really high and I know how I am." Okay, I know I know how I did you all hear me. Okay, sorry. I know how I am. I don't like to take medicine, but my blood pressure had gotten out of out of um whack. And he was like, "Okay, I'm put you on medication." Well, part of me was like, "I'm just not going to take it." But then I I had to humble myself cuz I know I said, "Lord, I know I serve a God that can heal." And it runs in my family. All my brothers and sisters are on medication for hypertension. So, I was like, "Okay, the devil thought he had me." So, I said, "I'm gonna I'mma take it. I'mma be obedient this time." Normally, I would just not take the medicine. So, I I I started taking I've been taking it for a year, but I said, "Lord, I know that you are my healer. I know that you are able to deliver me from this condition cuz many are the afflictions of the righteous." So, I went on and I was like, you know, this is supposed to just leave me. I didn't pray the prayer of faith. this demon has to leave out of my body. And so I made a deal with the doctor in December of last year. I told him, I said, "Well, I told him, I said, I don't want to be on medication anymore." And he said, "Okay, if you lose the weight, since I'm overweight, if you lose the weight, then you can get off of the medicine." And I was like, "Okay." So that was December of last year, knowing that I'm not good at losing weight. I didn't want to take Ozimpic. I didn't want to do any of that. And I knew I said, "Okay, I gotta do this." So, I prayed and I said, "Lord, give me a revelation to lose this weight so I can make the devil a liar because I am over I'm more than a conqueror over hypertension. I don't want to be on medicine." So, I said, "God, can you please reveal to me, you know, something about how to lose weight without making me sick? I don't want to be sick. Lord, let me be specific in my prayer. Amen. I'm not trying to be sick, but give me a revelation to overcome this weight and put the doctor out of business cuz I'm tired of going to the doctor. So, in January, miraculously, I just saw this app. I was like, I'mma try this app. And it it has some great recipes on it. So I started, you know, changing my eating habits and got a divorce from sugar and all of a sudden the weight came off. So fast forward to two 3 weeks ago, I went back to the doctor for my 6 month checkup. And it was like he came in the room and he was like, "Miss Nobles, you look totally different." Of course, I've lost 53 lbs by the grace of God. Who did it? Jesus did it. Because everybody in here can testify when we have events. Sister Kesha the first thing she eat is dessert. But I got a divorce from desserts and all of that. And that weight came off 53 lbs. The doctor said, he said, "You don't even look the same." I said, "I don't feel the same." And so I said, "By the way, doctor," I said, "I came here today to ask you, will you please let me off of the medicine?" I came went to the doctor's appointment expecting to be off of the medication. My blood pressure was 133 over 88. And he was like, "No, ma'am. You can't get off the medicine." And I said, "Wait a minute." I just said in my heart, I said, "God, I came expecting to get off the medicine. I've lost the weight. I came to get off of this medicine. And so he said, "Well, I tell you what, I'mma take your blood pressure manually and let's see if it has changed." So he took my blood pressure manually and all of a sudden my blood pressure went down to 116 over 88. So he was like, "Ma'am, you don't have to be on the medicine anymore." He said, "I'm done with medication and I am just so excited to God because you all know how it feels to have to get up and take a pill every day for those who know. But I just felt like I wanted to share this testimony because I know that sometimes when I rebuke spirits and stuff off of myself or go up for prayer, it's a time period. This took a year, almost over a year, but I am delivered and I'm just so thankful. And I wanted to share it not because I'm it's anything about me, but I just wanted to be an encouragement to anybody else who's on hypertensive medicine that God can still heal hypertension. Amen. God is good. Amen. My come closer out. Amen. God is still a healer, ain't he? Amen. Y'all feel all right tonight? I I know. I wish I could lose 53 lbs. 43. I'm going to take it captive. We going to take it captive tonight. Amen. I'm going to lose 53 lbs. 33 at least. [Music] And we let us stand tonight. How many you enjoy the word joy and testimony? Amen. Really appreciate brother watch. We will do this series back. Amen. On captivity of the mind. Amen. So you give us some more info. Amen. To keep on. Amen. But God is good. Amen. Let us just bow. Heavenly Father, Lord, you're still proving and showing, Lord God, that you never lost your power. Lord, the word God has the same effect if we only can apply that, Lord. God, we want to take these things in, Lord God. And we want to take back, Lord, what the devil has stolen from us, Lord. You stole our confession, Lord God. Whatever we speak, Lord, out of our mouth, Lord, and we want to have positive thoughts and positive word, Lord. So help us, oh God, to be obedient, oh God, to the word. And we heard tonight, Lord, and bless, oh God, the people of God everywhere as we leave this place, Lord, but never your presence, God. Bless our pastor, Lord, and keep him, Lord. We ask these blessing upon brother Matias and family Lord God in the ministry Lord we ask these things in Jesus name and the church said amen.
