################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-12 - Bro. Caleb Simmons Why Are You Lifted Up - Caleb Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-12
Title:    Bro. Caleb Simmons: "Why Are You Lifted Up?"
Speaker: Caleb Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-BeV4x8jWw
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Oat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. [Music] with hands lifted up and mouth filled with praise. [Music] With the heart of thanksgiving, we bless thee, oh [Music] Lord, with hands lifted up and mouth with praise with the heart of thanksgiving. We bless the Lord. Oh, we bless the Lord. We must be. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh my heart. We love you. We love you. Oh, we love thee. We love Oh, we bless We praise thee. We praise thee, oh Lord. We praise thee, oh Lord. in the heart of Heat. Heat. with God. We bless you, oh Lord. Amen. We bless you, oh Lord. At this time, we ask everyone to stand. [Music] Amen. Let us bow. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in the house tonight. And Lord, we ask that Lord, you just move us out of the way. And Lord, may you get all the glory and all the honor and all the praise, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for going to Calvary and dying for our sins, Lord. And we ask that you just come down and just bless this place with your anointing, Lord Jesus, and your presence, Lord Jesus. Lord, bless the song service, Lord. Bless the preaching of your word. and Lord meet all the needs of your people tonight in Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. The splender of the king clothe in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] 3. You're the name of your Hey, Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. Our God is great tonight. Amen. Amen. At this time, we ask this for going to give us a song. Amen. [Music] There ain't no bird burning in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no burn in my place. Glory by his name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. Glory. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In my [Music] place, Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Hey, Amen. As long as I'm alive to testify, I praise his name. It's time to sisters. Come give us a song. Amen. [Music] [Music] When I think about the Lord, How he saved me. How he raised me. How he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. I he my feet on solid ground. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he fil me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the moon. When I think about the Lord, how he pick me up and turn me around, how he my god will make me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. really makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the [Music] praise. When I think about the love of how he How he made me, how he raised me, how he raised me, how he will be me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the most when I think about the Lord. How he picked me up and turn me around. How he my feet on the ground. He makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Give me the glory. Well, he makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. and your praise be hallelujah and praise me want to shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you worthy of your glory and praise when I think of the Lord? How he made me raised how he raised me. How he feel how he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the other when I how he p me up and turn me around. How he my feet on darling ground. [Music] Ah, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you [Music] Jesus. So my hallelujah belongs to you. [Music] Hallelujah belongs to you. Hallelujah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Amen. At this time, we ask the brothers come lift up the offering. Amen. [Music] [Music] That's the word. [Music] [Music] Go. I can depend on God. I can depend on God. I can't. Oh, I can't I can't through the stor through the rain through the [Music] Oh, I can't. I can't. Oh, I can't. I [Music] can't through the rain. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. Oh, I can't. through the rain. I can't I can't Yes, I can. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, through the rain. Yes. You don't know what he done when I look over my life. I can't I can't. Yes, I can. I can't. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. You don't know my story, the way you brought me through. Yes, I can. Oh, I can't. I can't. Oh, yes, I can. Oh, I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. I can. Oh, I can't. Yes, I been too good. Yes, he's been too good. Yes, he's been too. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. I can't through the sun through the rain. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Heat. Heat. through the rain. I can't. Amen. I can depend on God. Amen. He's been good to me. Amen. And I can't tell it all. Amen. Cuz I can with him. Amen. At this time, we ask everyone to stand. Amen. Glory to the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Let us bow. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we can depend on you tonight. Amen. Cuz Lord, you've never failed us yet, Lord Jesus. And we ask you, Lord, you said you would never leave us and never forsake us. And Lord, we know that you've always been right by our side tonight. And Lord, we ask that you, Lord, send your anointing down this tonight, Lord. And move us out of the way, Lord. That you may get all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise, Lord. All we can say is thank you, Lord. Thank you for another day, Lord. Thank you for another time to be in your house, Lord Jesus. Thank you once more, Lord Jesus. All I got is a thank you, Lord Jesus. cuz you've been that good to me, Lord Jesus. Lord, when I look back over this week, Lord Jesus, you've kept me from hurt, harm, and danger, Lord. And I want to say thank you, Lord. In Jesus name, we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. If you got your Bibles, we'll turn to the book of First Corinthians. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthians chapter 12. 1 Corinthians chapter 12 and we'll start in verse [Applause] 12. And when you got it, say amen. Amen. Lord have mercy. And it reads, "For as the body is one, it has many members, and all the members of that of that one body being membered are are one body, being many are one body, so also is Christ. For by one spirit are we baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been made all made to drink into one spirit. For the body is not one member, but many. And if the foot shall say, because I am not the hand, I am not of the body, it is therefore, is it therefore not of the body? And if the ear shall say, because I am not the eye, I am not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? And if the whole body were an eye, where were the where were the hearing? And if the whole were hearing, where was the where were the smelling? But now hath God set the members, every one of them, in the body, as it hath pleased him? And if they were all one member, where were the body? But now are they many members, yet one body? And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee. Nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of thee. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. And those members of the body which we think to be less honorable, upon them we bestow more abundant honor. and our uncumbly parts have been more have more abundant comeliness. Amen. God bless the reading of this word. You may be seated. Tonight I'd like to speak on a topic that I entitled Why are you lifted up? Had to remember which one I gave him. Amen. Amen. Why are you lifted up? And I thought about this and when I was reading the scripture, it was very key to to remember that every piece of this body had a part to play. Every piece. There wasn't one piece that could say, "I don't need you." There wasn't one part of the body that that when you cut it off, you don't miss it. If you cut your finger, you you feel the pain because of what? It's a part of the body. Amen. If you cut your leg, you feel pain. Why? It's because it's a part of your body. If you cut your toe, if you stub your toe with and then you feel it. Why? It's a part of your body. Now, does your body have receptors in it to tell you, I feel pain. It's a nerve there, but there's nothing that can physically Oh, that's I hurt my foot. You had to have your brain to tell you that. Why? It's all connected. In the same way, it was just so precious to see how God created such a magnificent thing. Amen. And it's so and I started thinking about it and extrapolating it to the rest of the world and just seeing how God put the sun in the solar system. If it wasn't the sun and because of the gravitational pull of the sun, we the earth wouldn't be here. If it was too strong, we would be in the sun. If it was too weak, we would fly all apart. But you see, God had a purpose and a plan for putting us all together, for allowing us to be together and said, "I want you to be one body. Not many bodies, but one body. And each one of you are needed for a specific purpose." Amen. That I can't say I I I I'm greater than you because I'm the eye. Now, I can't say because I can see I'm better than your ear. And the ear can't say, "You know what? Because I can hear. I'm better than your mouth." And the leg can't say, "Hey, I'm better than you because I can move you places. I'm better than the arm because I can move you places." But you see, each part had a had a each one had a had a had a part to play. And if one was missing, which God could allowed it to be, I I made the example one time. I said, "If you only had one leg and that's how God created all of us to be, we would not think it was strange. We would have just thought it was this is the way it is." But because God gave us two when we only have one, you see a difference because it's not normal. But if that's how God would have created it, but God saw that he wanted things to be. I said, "God, he's something." He likes symmetry. And symmetry is where you split something in half and they both look the same. They both look the same. But God has a way of showing showing us that sometimes that you can't look at one thing less than less than the other. You got to look at them as equal parts. And sometimes that's hard because you can get in yourself. And I and I and I had another thing that that that that I wrote down. I said, "Why are you puffed up?" And to be puffed up is to be proud. Why are you proud? and said, "Well, God gave me this gift and God gave me that gift." So there therefore, well, he didn't give you that gift. Whatever gift it is, you might look at somebody and say, "They don't have that gift." So you start to get proud of what God gave you. You start to look at somebody else and say, "Well, they don't have that." But I do. See, they didn't see that cuz God didn't show them that cuz it's a gift. But when you do that, God, he pointed out that, "Hey, listen. And you over here saying that I'm better than you. You saying to that person, I'm better than you. What I have is better than what God gave you. But how you going to make it with that attitude? That's right. How are you going to make it with that attitude and saying you know what I because even though sometimes you get trapped into that thinking because people are different and and people are quick to point out your the things that benefit them. So so for example if you are smart people are quick to tell you that you are smart. You take a test you make a 100. Society has shown shows you that when the person make a a hey listen that's a smart student and then therefore the teachers tell you that they're smart and then you inherently but believe it that this person is smart is smart. Now that could be true cuz God give us all different gifts. But just because God didn't give you the straight A or the 100 on everything don't mean that he didn't give you the ability to make straight A's. Just because you don't walk into class and don't study and somebody else can, that doesn't mean you can't get straight A's. All it takes is you to be disciplined and believing and praying and asking God, Lord, give me wisdom and understanding so that I can understand it. I if you work hard enough, you can get A's. Believe me, that that that's something that I've learned in my life. But there are some people that wake up, they get up in the morning, they don't open a book, they don't look at the teacher's notes, and they say, "I'm going to take this test today." And some people, I have seen it in my own life, a person, this guy, he was under the influence. I never forget it. He was under the influence and we was going to take, we was in high school, we were both taking a college class. He went and he I knew before he took the test, he was under the influence. He went in there. He said, "I'm going to take this test today." He went in there. He said, he said, "Man, I just went in there and just started putting answers." I said, "Man, what'd you get on the test?" Cuz I figured, you know, I studied for the test. The test was hard. I knew the test was the test wasn't easy. They had tricky questions and stuff on the test. So, I was like, "Man, what you got on the test?" He said, "Oh, I got a 98." I said, "Huh?" I said, "I I done put in all this work, studying, praying, looking at all this stuff, and he just walked in there under the influence, yeah, I made a 98." I said, "But see, but he was smart. He just didn't have no application to apply himself." And so he he was smart. And I like to say sometimes the person that worked the hardest sometimes get the farthest. It's not all about your natural abilities. Sometimes when you work harder, somebody else that has natural ability is is always can get into the trap of relying on their natural ability of just relying on it. You know what? You know what? I'm smarter than everybody in first grade, second grade, third grade. And it might not catch up until you get out of high school. You get to college and realize, whoa, this a whole another level here. this a whole another level. But but you understand that even though that's when I had to learn different lessons. I I had to learn my lesson too. Everybody meets that thing or something where God will put it in your way to show you that you know what you you just here. You thought you was here but you just here. And God allow you to see it because he don't want you to get that proud spirit. He don't want you to get lifted up and say, "I did this." He has to show you that at some point that you might not have saw it yesterday, but today you realize that Lord, I need something extra than what I got. And the only way I can get it is turn into you. I can try to turn to friends. I can try to turn to family. But sometimes you might get in a place where you can't. They don't even understand it. They don't understand. In my example, from what I went through, when I got to some of my math classes, there was nobody around me that could help me out because what we was learning was so far above what people around me had studied that I I just got there and I was like, you know what? The only way I'm going to make it is by the grace of God. The only way I'm going to make it is by the grace of God. And when you realize that it's not you, it's something greater than you. You start to look at people different. You start to look at situations different. You start to look at what you going through different because you realize that the test was only made because he made a way of escape. He only made the test because he want you to realize, turn to me and I'll bring you right on through. If you turn to me and put your cares on me, I'll provide a way that you didn't even realize was there. Amen. Amen. He might provide someone to come by. And my dad talks about it all the time. There was this guy that I met when I was in school. He was one of the smartest guys I ever met. And my dad marvel that sometimes I call him 1:00 in the morning. And and asked him how to do homework problems. And not one time did he not answer the phone. But he was also I tell people all the time, you can be smart, but there's a there's a different level of intelligence sometimes that God gives people and they possess. But I not only did he had that, he had kindness because that wasn't his testimony with me. I met someone else four years later, never met them in school. They was actually in his degree field and um they told me the same thing about the person. So, it wasn't just he was just acting this way towards me cuz God favored me. That's actually who he was. And see, sometimes you might think that you are great until you meet someone greater. And then you realize, hey, I'm not on the level that I thought I was because you get proud of what you've done and your accomplishment. And sometimes people can push you up and then you start believing what they say. And see, God has a way of allowing you to get to a place to realize, you know what? I'm not as great as I thought I was. Amen. But if you don't realize that that is a test, then you need to turn to God. Then you will continue trying to find other solutions. You'll continue to turn to this thing and you'll turn to that thing. And then sometimes you'll get to the point where you just come to abject failure where you just decide, you know what? I'm going just going to quit this cuz this ain't what I'm supposed to do. cuz you get to the point that you done got so discouraged and so defeated that you never looked up and said, "Lord, I need help." You never turn to the one that could actually give you help. You never turn to the one that can give you understanding. He can give you wisdom. He can give you knowledge. Even when you don't understand, he can make it plain in such a way that it's revealed to you. It becomes a revelation. And then after that, you you ain't got no more trouble. Amen. I remember one time I was in this one class. This class was hard all the way up to the final exam. I literally got to the final exam. I I actually went to the professor one time. I was like, "Am I going to pass this class?" Cuz sometimes it be like that. No matter how smart you get to a point, you be like, "Woo!" Even my super smart friend, he got to some classes, he said, "Man, that class was hard." And so I knew if he said it was hard, that class was almost very it was super hard for everybody else because he was way his level of intelligence was way ahead of us. And so I got to this class and the professor said he said if you make a 100 on the final exam, you pass the class. Well, you know, I always shoot for 100 on tests, but that's pretty near some some of them classes, it's pretty near close to impossible. But I got to taking the test. I got right before I was studying. I was like I started doing problems and I was like, it can't be that simple. I I did another problem, a practice problem. Now, I was studying. Yeah. Don't forget to study cuz faith without works is dead. So, you got to put something behind it. You got to do something. You can't just pop up every time you take a test. Now, the first time, God might have grace and mercy on you. But the second and third time, the Lord said, "You know what? Soon enough, you got to learn a lesson." So, no, don't don't don't play with the mercy of God and the grace of God. But the first I started knowing these problems and I was like, it wasn't all the way clear, but it was getting clearer and it was getting clear and I was like, "Okay, I got to the final exam. I took the test. The first problem was super hard. I was like, "Well, let me skip this before I forget all this other stuff." I did the second question. I was doing it. I got done. Went to the next question. I did it. Got done. Went to the next question. It was only Now, here's the thing about these tests. There's only about seven problems on the whole test. So, just think about that. You miss one problem or you miss two problems, your grade, you can mess up your whole grade. those those and it's worth about 40% of your grade. So these tests are very critical. So I did the first test, I did the second question, the third question, got to the fourth question and I said, "Hold up. I done finished about three questions and it only been about 20 minutes now. We got three hour three and a half hours to take this test." And I'm looking at everybody else cuz you know you trying to gauge where you are to your to everybody else in the room. I'm like they still on the second question. I'm out on the fourth question. I got done to this one. I got done with the fifth question. The sixth question, the seventh question was extra credit. So, I was like, I'm going to leave that one. All those questions I got done and I had wrote about this much on the whole paper. Now, mind you, the question was a little line across the page. Then there was a blank sheet of paper to show all your work. And I had wrote about this much. I said, I got to erase this and spread it out so it looked like I did more. But I got there and I was and I started doing it and I said, "It can't be this simple. I've been studying this whole year practically not doing well in the class the whole year and got to the final that all made sense." I was like, "It can't be that simple. It can't be that simple." And then I got to the point where some just like, "You know what? It just trust it. It is what it is because you done studied. You done prayed. You done put it in God's hands. Now leave it alone." Amen. And I got there and I I decided that you know what? I'm going to turn this over and whatever I get, it's in God's hands. And I don't know what happened because I can't explain it because some of my friends in that class was doing better than me till it got to the final. And I got my grade back and boy, I was woo hallelujah. It was a wonderful time because I got a higher grade than I expected. Amen. I it was a higher grade than I thought I was going to get in the class. I'm calling all my friends, hey, the grades got posted. What you got? This grade got posted. What you got? And some of my friends that are higher grades than me ended up with lower scores in the class because of that one test. And I looked at it and I said, "If you ever wondered if God loved you, sometimes he just shows you." If you ever was didn't trust that God was real, sometimes he shows you. Sometimes you wonder if God is even hearing your prayers and seeing your tears and listening when you cry out to him and say, "Lord, I need help." And see, sometimes you have to when you get to those type of situations, all your pride go out the window. After that, because see what what I understood, I had to have this class to graduate. This was one of them required classes. Every time when you go to school, they have certain classes even in high school that you got to have before you graduate. for my degree. This was one of those required classes. Now I got to saying, Lord, I don't want to take this class again. See that? That's the difference between high school. Hopefully, you don't fail no classes. But when you get sometimes you have to take a class again if you don't pass it, what you need to get in that class to pass it. But I said, I don't want to take this class again because this class is infinitely hard. Like this class is super hard. I don't want to take it. So when you get to that point, you let all of the things that's blocking you from getting to God out the way and see sometimes God will send things in your life so that you can get to that point to let all those things that's blocking you from getting getting to God out of the way. Whatever it is, whether it's things internal, external, whatever you got to do because you get in situations, say, "Lord, I just need to get in communion with you. Lord, I I I know that this was blocking me and this was blocking me. But all this time, I got to figure out a way to get it out my way. If it's my pride that's in the way, I got to step aside and get out of that and lead that alone by the wayside and say, "Lord, I got to get in communion with you because I need something done for me, Lord. I need you to move in a way that I can't I can't do this. It's greater than me." And and and that's why you got to ask yourself, why am I lifted up? Why why why have I put myself on this pedestal that I am here? Because if you ever look yourself in the mirror, you'll realize how low you are. And if you ain't looked in a long time, please go by and buy you one and look. Because sometimes we we get into this place where we avoid the mirror because we don't want to see what's in it. We don't want to look in the mirror. We don't want to read God's word cuz we don't want to see what's in it. Cuz if I don't read it and it ain't inside of me, ain't nothing to check me to tell me that I'm wrong. If if I don't have the word inside of me and I don't read the word, there's nothing to stop me from saying, you know what, that's wrong. The only thing that's in is that little small voice that say, you know what you did. You know what you did. and that voice. But it's easy sometime to bypass that voice and just run through that stop sign and say it ain't that bad. And then you start reasoning with yourself, you know, well, well, you know, in this circumstance, in this situation, it's really not that bad, but that's not your circumstance or your situation. You con concocted a way to make what you're doing seem right. And God has a way of sometime if you read his word, he he'll let you fall right to the scripture and then you be like, man, as soon as you open your Bible, it don't matter whether you read it 6 months ago or the day uh yesterday. As soon as you go to and sometimes it's now, we got we got technology. So soon as you open your app on your phone, it be the verse it be the verse of the day. It's speaking right to you. And you know that sometimes it was God doing that. It was sometime God using it and whatever you want to say, however it was done, sometimes God just allowed you and showed you this is exactly what you need to hear. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because if you don't hear it now, something may come later that that can have a greater effect on you. And see see I started to think about it in Proverbs 11:2. He said, "When pride cometh, then come is shame. But with the lowly is wisdom. And Proverbs 16:5 it says, "Everyone that is proud in heart is an abomination to the Lord." Though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished. And Proverbs 29-23, he said, "A man's pride shall bring him low, but honor shall uphold the humble in spirit." Amen. See, God has a way that I if you allow yourself to come down and said, "Lord, whatever you want to do with me, however you want to use me, Lord, whatever you want to do in my life, God has a way of uplifting you greater than you could ever uplift yourself." That's right. And some and some people, we have testimonies to tell you how God has taken us from down here to up here. We can tell you how God has lifted us up when we didn't think it was possible. God made the impossible possible. Amen. said, "I I've seen God do miraculous thing because sometimes God has to show you what he is capable of." And you don't even know what God is capable of because God has a mind that you can't even imagine. He allows us to be limited in our minds. He can do exceedingly abundant. We don't even understand what exceedingly abundantly is. We don't even can fathom what exceedingly abundantly is. But he wrote it there because he wanted you to believe that I got everything in control. And there's nothing that that has acted on you or that has come to you that I didn't have and that I didn't make a way of escape for you so that you can get to a place that you realize that all my help come from the Lord. See, when I when I started thinking about that and I was like, you know what? Sometimes you got to get down on your knees. It was important that when you saw Jesus praying, he was always on his knees because he got to a point of humility. He got down to a space of humility where there was nothing that he realized there's nothing greater than me talking to my father and me being at a place that Lord, I want to make sure that Lord, when I commute with you, I got everything right. Lord, I want to make sure there's nothing between you and me. So, it's great to pray with people, but sometimes you got to pray by yourself. Amen. I don't care how close you are and you got a prayer partner and a prayer warrior. Sometimes you got to pray for yourself because you got to have that personal relationship, that personal experience, that personal interaction with God where you know when your prayer when you can't get through to your prayer partner, you still got God on the main line and you can tell him exactly what you want. See, cuz God even knows when you come to him, he knows what you need. Amen. He knows what you need and he's always listening. That's the difference between God and people. God is always listening. Whether you think he is or not. Because when you pray something, sometimes he don't move when you want him to move. That don't mean God ain't listening. That don't mean God ain't hear your prayer. That don't mean that God ain't sending your answer right on the way. But it's on the way. And if you start to doubt, he allowed to pause. When you start to doubt and you you you stop your own blessings because you doubt it. Sometimes God allowed to come through but because he's gracious and merc merciful. But when you doubt, you can hinder what God has for you. You ask him for something and God got it on the way and then you say, "God, you taking too long. I'm just going to do my own thing." Because you you start to think that God didn't hear what you asked him. God didn't hear what you had to say. God didn't listen to me. I wonder what's going on. Is he the same God of yesterday, today, and for? And then you start to plant that seed of doubt. And and that seed of doubt, when you continue to go on that path, it starts to grow. Next thing you know, you got a whole complex between you and God from one little small thing. And you got to go to a point to say, "Lord, I still believe in." You got to come back to the realization that Lord, you still good. And Lord, you're still God. And Lord, I didn't forget and what I asked you for. And Lord, I still believe that you going to do what what I asked you to. See, you got to you got to supplant that doubt with faith. And that's the only way to remove doubt. You got to come up and have faith. The prophet of God told a story the story about the Indian chief. And there was two dogs that was sitting there. And the Indian chief, I asked him which one. He asked the Indian chief, I might forgive me if I if I if I get the story wrong, but the question was asked like which dog would win the fight and the answer from the story came that whichever one you feed the most. Said there was a white dog and a black dog and he asked which one would win the fight and it was whichever one you feed the most. So the more that you feed in the doubt the worse it'll get. Amen. Amen. And the more that you feed in the faith, the better it'll get. You might not even understand. See, but when you feed in the faith, sometimes it seem like it's getting worse. It seems like it's getting darker, but you know that right before day, it's the darkest part of the night. Right before the sunshine, there's light. Sometimes it gets the darkest part of the night because right then they know, it knows that here comes light. The light is coming. But but sometimes you get right up to the last right before the last moment. Get right up to the door and then you say, "You know what?" Now, what you didn't realize that the door was unlocked, but because the Lord already done unlocked the door, but you get right up to the door and you say, "You know what? I'm not going through this door. I'm going to go break down this door that's got all these warning sign. Please don't open me. Please don't come near me." But that's the door you turn to because you you feel like God ain't heard what you asked him. You turn to that door even though there's all and as you trying to break through that door, everything that can't stop you is trying to stop you. You getting warning signs from over here, flashing lights from over there, people and strangers coming up to you and and talking to you and say, "Beware." And then you still trying to break down the door because you say, "I can do it. I can do it. See, I was told I can do it. You know, and then you start believing in yourself. And we have a society that tells us you should believe in yourself. You can do whatever you set your mind to. You can you can accomplish whatever you set your mind to. But I tell you, if God don't have that for you, there's nothing you can do about it. No matter how hard you set your mind towards it and say, "I'm going to accomplish this." If God hasn't purposed for for your life that it will always be a struggle and a hard thing for you to do. But if God has it for you, it'll be a easy way. It might be some roadblocks in the way, but when you come through them, you realize the path was always easy. When you get get towards it and get towards the finish line, you realize that path was so easier than the path that I was going to take up. See, it might have been straight and it might have been narrow. But when I look back at that winding path, even though it was broad, it was winding all the way and it was going on a downward spiral. This little narrow path and this little straight little path that that that's pointed this way, it's straight uphill. It's straight uphill. And it's and it might seem like a hard climb cuz you're climbing up and and when you're climbing up, sometimes you get winded when you're out of shape. Amen. Amen. Amen. and you get winded when you're out of shape, that doesn't mean that that that's not the climb for you. See, you got to continue to decide this is the climb for me and this is the way I want to go. This is the climb for me and this is the way I want to go. And when you climbing this path, there's a place that you can lay down all your burdens. There's a place that you can go to and say, "Here, take all my cares and see here take all my problems." When when you when you're on this path, everything that's trying to stop you, it's just a speed bump. It's not a real thing to stop you. It's just a speed bump. It's it's not and and it's a little puddle right here that you just got to hop on over. You just got to cross on through. You think it's 6 ft deep. It's only 2 in. But you see this big puddle across the road and you can't see the bottom. So you think that it's 6 ft deep and it's only 2 in. Cuz under God got a way that's that's holding you up as you walk straight across it. See, but that's where that's where God allow you to see that you know what? This way that I got prepared for you is a whole lot easier than a big winding broad path that's going straight down. Even though it might not seem that it's going straight down, it's going straight down. It it but it because it's winding and weaving its way. You you can't see. you turn this way and you make this mistake and you turn this way and you make that mistake and you go down a little bit further and you turn this way and each way each time that you that you go further you you getting lower and lower and God has a way that he want to tell you you know what you don't have to make those choices no more even though this way it might seem like you're going straight up and straight up here and some everything that's in this path I already got it every way that you may go I already got it so don't get proud out and lift yourself up on this journey. Don't don't think that you better than somebody else on this journey because everything that I got for you is on the way. And if you continue to go on this path, you'll realize that this path was much better than the path that was over there. I said, I never seen God fail. And I never seen God do anybody wrong. Amen. Amen. People can do you wrong. Amen. Things can do you wrong and people behind the things can do you wrong, but God ain't never done you wrong. And God will never do you wrong. All you got to do is turn to him and say, "Lord, this is I want this for my life." And and God will come and he'll and he'll take over your entire life. And God don't leave. But you got to give them all your life. Sometimes you don't you wonder why things ain't happening. It's cuz you only gave God part, not the whole. Amen. You only gave God a part. This part I'm good with you on Tuesday, Friday and Sunday. Uh Sunday and Wednesday. I don't want you on the rest of the days, Lord. But see, God has a God want to complete. He want everything. When he come to you and ask you and he knock on your door, he wants everything. He wants you to give it up all and say, "Lord, I want to give you all." Amen. whatever that is and however it comes, he wants you to get he wants you to give him everything. And he's only asking you what he gave. Amen. He not asking you something that he didn't do himself. He not asking you something that's grandeur and out of this place that he didn't decide to come down to earth and do and go through himself and even worse than what you may go through. He he he did it because he loved you. He did it because he cared and he said, "I want to make a way of escape for you." Because if he didn't come, we'd all be lost. We'd all be lost. It wouldn't be it wouldn't be written that it'd come to the end time and scarcely he had to speed up the time because scarcely anybody would be saved. No, he did it in such a way if he did it those long time ago, I I started thinking about it. I said, "You know what? You can look at this one or this one. But I look at it and say, "Lord, you did it just for me." I You might be worried about this walk, this person walk, and that person walk, but sometimes you got to sit down and real and focus on yourself and say, "Lord, you did this just for me. Lord, you came down and you did this just for me." And you got to make it personal to yourself. You got to start enjoying that thing and said, "Lord, and thanking God for doing what he just did for you." Amen. And when you stop thinking about everybody else, you start thinking about how good God is to you and the small things that God does every single day. And just waking you up every morning in a place that you can call a home is a great thing. But we don't count those as blessings because they normal to us. God has blessed us to a point that it's just normal to us. But if you ever go see somebody that ain't as blessed as you. Cuz that's all it is is the blessings and mercy of and grace of God. That's the only reason that that you have a home, you have a car, and somebody else is on the street is just because God was gracious and merciful and decided to bless you with those things. And in one moment, just like Job, you can have nothing. Amen. Amen. Like some people in this day and age where all their money is tied up in in a market that's going up and down. Some that's why they said after the great depression, one of the great one of the things that happened was a was an increase in suicide rate because people had all this hope in this system. They had all this hope in this thing and when it crashed that was the end of their hope. That was the end of their faith. that was in their belief that there was a reason to exist in life. But when you get God, there's a greater reason to live. Now, when you get the Lord in your heart and in your soul, there's a greater reason to live. There's a reason to wake up every morning and you realize that you only waking up because he gave you life, health, and strength to wake up. See, you have a reason to live. If you struggle with that fight and that battle, there's someone that can give you a reason to wake up every morning and to get up and say, "Thank you, Lord." Because it's a greater testimony when God brings you through something like that. There's a reason that you can shout all over the place and thank God and someone wonder why you got a praise on your heart is because God has done something from me. He saved me from my own self. Amen. He saved me from doing something that I I would have regretted for the and I wouldn't even been here. But God has a way of keeping you because he got a reason for you to be here. Amen. That's the reason why I read the scripture because every part of the body has a place to play. Amen. So which means that you are important. Which means that when you are missing you are the part of the body is missing. Amen. When you are not there, part of the body is missing. When we come together, we come together as a whole, as one body. And when you are missing, your part is missing from the body. Amen. Amen. And God just want to sometimes show you that what your role is important. How whatever however you view your role, doesn't mean it's any less important to God. No matter how you view your role, cuz sometimes you can get to the place of despair because the devil will come and say, "You know what? They don't need you. um your services are not needed. I've been in those situations and boy you you can get into a low and a dark place once if someone comes to you and say you know what we thank you for your time but we don't need you no more in and in in a manner of speaking and then you have to come to a place that you know what whatever the next part of my journey is Lord I trust that it's it's the right way because you because when you you can't lean to this one and lean to that one because everybody got a different story, but it's not your story. Amen. Everybody, they can give you testimony after testimony, but you ain't you live you you going through the struggle right now. So, yeah, it's it's kind of beneficial, but it ain't your struggle. So, you just listening to the testimony like that's Mhm. Mhm. Thank you, Lord. Mhm. But it's hard because you going through that struggle in that moment. And sometimes you got to go and say Lord I got I need something as I need the re this the real assurance within myself that Lord that as I gave myself to you and Lord I dedicated my life Lord you going to see me right on through this. Not only are you going to see me through this you going to make it better than I ever expected. See I'm a living testimony of things that have happened in my life that I experienced and I witness and I can say God has done greater than I thought. Amen. with one child left and you come and and you come back a couple years later and God done blessed you with over so many thousands of dollars raised. Yeah. And it was more than 15. Amen. God God is good. So So you see when God does something, it wasn't what you thought. And just the thing that happened to you, you it was a battle, but it was just a redirection. where God was redirecting you to a different path that you never would have experienced if that battle didn't happen. That's right. You would not have gone through that journey if that battle did not happen. And sometimes it ain't until you come through the battle that you realize, "Thank you, Jesus." You said, "Thank you, Lord, cuz I never would have been on this path that I'm on if you hadn't sent this struggle my way. you hadn't sent this battle my way, I never would have seen these blessings. Cuz I would have continued to go on the way that I thought it was the right way for me. But when I stopped thinking about that, I started thanking the Lord. I said, "Thank you, Lord, for this battle. Lord, thank you for this happening. Lord, thank you for this occurrence happening. Lord, thank you for allowing me to go through this and go through that cuz Lord, I I'm not prideful no more. Lord, I I can I can be lower. I can be high. It don't matter to me cuz God has cuz even through all of that, God has seen me right on through. Just like David said, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow up there, say I will fear no evil." See, God has a way of making all the things work out. So that you can go back and it be a testimony of how good God is and tell somebody that you know the path that you thought that you was going to go on may not be the path that God got for you. So you got to trust the creator that created the path. Cuz if you don't trust him, you'll never go down that path cuz you'll think this is the way I'm supposed to go. God, you blessed me with this. Lord, you gave me this. And it's just like Job. Lord, you gave me this. And just like his wife said, why did you take it away? Because God had greater for him. Amen. So if you always looking at this this thing right here, you'll never get into the mindset and say, "Lord, what you got for me is greater than what I had. Lord, whatever you coming forth with is greater than what I had. And and the and the greater the battle, the greater the victory. The greater the battle, the greater the victory. And when you start thanking God for the battle, it changes your outlook on the battle. You can march in the war with a happy and a smile on your face. Because you realize that this battle is not mine. It's his. Say, "I'm not prideful no more. I ain't got to think about my own ability cuz I know who's fighting this battle is greater than me. who's who's going through this war is greater than me. And so I ain't got to lean on my strength no more. I got someone giving me strength. It's giving me a reason to be happy when I come to this battle. When I come to this fight, when I look at this person that I know is talking about me, I can have peace. I can have a wonderful attitude with them. I can even work with them now. Lord Jesus, ain't that something right there? Lord have mercy. Because it is different when you know that people done done you wrong. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. And God has a way sometime of putting you together just sometimes to test to see if you really you really trust them. Lord have mercy. Cuz that that that's a true thing. But you got to get past the point you say, you know what, that battle might they might not even known that. I wrote something down. I said, how did you know that God didn't do that just for you? Amen. Amen. God ain't purposed that test just for you. That might not be who they who they even are. I wrote down there's a story in the Bible where the de where the devils came down and they and they and and they was asking the Lord. They they was talking to God and they said, "Oo, which spirit, Lord, you want to send down there?" And and he was this spirit and that spirit. And then it was the lion spirit. The Lord said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the one. Go on down there." See, God sometimes he they have a the Lord will have a conference and say, "Which one do you want to go test your child?" That's right. Everything going good, wonderful. You ready and excited and here come the car tire is flag right when you about to go to church. this one acting up and this one and you having a wonderful day and somebody said this thing that triggers a a moment that you done been through and it done send you down a whole spiral and you be like Lord why I got to go through this and then you got to come to a place you say Lord I'm not going to let this deter me from what you got for me Lord I'm not going I'm not going this is just a speed bump in this journey of victory this is not something that's going to make me tumble and fall like it might have used to cuz you gave me victory over this. You done I you done overcome this and we done defeated this. This just a this just a speed bump on the journey and when I see the speed bump I'm going over this one and each time you go over you push a speed bump down. You push it down and soon enough it's a flat road. You you drive something heavy enough over a speed bump soon enough eventually it'll go down if it's not replaced. That's why they have to replace him every now and again because something has to happen. It has to it has to be has to recede. But you see, God want us to get to a place that we can turn to him and said, "Lord, no matter what I'm going through, Lord, I'm not going to look at who I am. I'm not going to look at what these things that I may have, Lord, I'm going to turn to you. I'm going to turn to you. And Lord, I'm not going to be lifted up. I'm not going to think I'm some great or I'm this or I'm that or that. I don't need nobody help cuz that can hinder you and stop you from getting victory too. Well, you say I don't need nobody. I can do it myself. See, God allows us to be together. He's tried to show you in the scripture that you you going to need somebody because the body, the eye is no good without the body. Amen. What is the heart without a body in it to pump blood to? Amen. And say I'm the heartbeat of my friend group. Well, sometime God got to give you different friends. Amen. That's right. He he got to remove you cuz the the rest friends that's around you those body parts ain't they ain't coalesing together right here. You got two leg you got three legs and one arm and God had to remove some people so you can have two arms in your friend group and two legs. See God has a way of making sure that he disperse things in such a perfect manner. And when he get done with it, it's better than anything you could have ever thought. And sometimes the enemy you thought was your enemy was actually the one God wanted you to spread the light to. And they become a greater friend to you than you ever would have thought cuz you thought they was your enemy. Just know that sometimes their eyes was covered and the veil was over them. And when they got lifted, they understood that it was just a thing that they was going through. It was just something that they was going through. And when God brought them through, they realized they become greater to you than you ever could imagine. when they understand what was going on or God just changed their heart, they realize, you know what, that was just I don't know what was going on. Amen. Amen. It was just a momentary lapse. It was just a momentary thing that that just lapsed in me, but God has brought me through it or or or I see that you're not the person that I thought you was. I see that God has done a wonder cuz I remember when and then they got this whole thing to tell you about how you was. But God has a way of showing you that that over time if you come and cast your cares on him, he'll change you into who he want you to be. He'll change you into who he want you to be. And when and when you get there, you realize a wonderful change has come over me. Amen. Amen. [Music] song say if I'm too high I don't know how this song if I'm too high Lord bring me down ain't that right I don't know I just that's a long time ago if we're too high amen but bishop said, "Don't never pray the Lord." He says, "Always, Lord, help me to humble myself." Amen. Don't ask him to humble you down. God can take the high and make it low. Yes, sir. And God can take the low and lift and make it high. Amen. Amen. And everything that's up here in this world here, everything that is deemed to be great in this world in God's sight is it's the low things. Those things that are despised, those things that are rejected, those are the things that God exalts, despised and rejected. You're in this world, but you're not of this world. Amen. You you're here for season preparing to go to your some say your final destination. The place that God had prepared for you before the foundation of the world. God want to take you to that place, the place called heaven. Amen. And God wants to take you to that place, but you have to be humble enough to let him do it. Because you can't get there with the proud spirit. Amen. Amen. We must be humble. And that humbleness said, "Lord, we need you." Amen. I'm in need of you, Lord. I need you now. I need your spirit. I need your power. I need God. I'm I'm helpless without you, Lord. For he said, "Without me, you can do nothing." Nothing. Amen. God bless you tonight. Do you appreciate your word? Let us [Music] stand. Hallelujah. Let's just bow. Hallelujah. If I'm too high, the Lord, I want to come down. Lord, if the word is spoke to your heart tonight, Lord Jesus, if you spoke to someone tonight in a simple way, Lord, just one [Music] body, Lord, we cannot we're connected by your spirit. [Music] So, Father, help us to recognize we're not alone, but we're one. We're one in Christ Jesus. So, Father, help us, oh God, to know even now that you're not alone. How many tonight we would examine ourselves? Sometimes we feel like we're on our own, but he's saying to you tonight, you're not on your own. You're a part of the body of Christ. And because you're a part of his body, hallelujah. Then let the head lead the body. Praise God. him. If you examine yourself tonight, why don't you let Jesus come into your life if you're not saved tonight? If you don't know him as your Lord and Savior, accept that straight and narrow way. The Broadway leading to destruction. Are you willing to accept that straight and narrow way and say, "Lord, I'll follow you." As I head to my heart to look into him, is there someone said, "Lord, I follow you the straight and narrow way." Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I want to go that straight and narrow way. Father, you see the hands that are lifted, the hearts that are open up this tonight, Lord. Lord, we want to walk humbly before you, Lord. Not the crowded way, not the broad way, but the straight and narrow way. Lord, we humble ourselves in your presence tonight. We humble ourselves in your presence tonight. Lord, accept these that have lifted their hands and open up their hearts. All you got to do is say, "Lord Jesus, we welcome you into our lives. We want to be meek and lonely. We want to be like you, Jesus. Forgive us of our sins and come into our hearts, Lord. Fill us with your love and your power, Lord. We need it now, Lord. We trust you right now to do something to change, oh God, to strengthen their faith, Lord. To strengthen them, Lord, to settle them that they be no more tossed to and fro with doubt. But know that they they've been chosen by you. They're child of God. Thank you, Lord, for these hearts, their lives. Let's give God praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Lord we love you. Lord we appreciate you. Lord we thank you. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. It's all right to praise God for he's good. We're helpers one of another. We're one. Bear ye one another burdens. If you haven't been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ [Music] tonight, the Bible says repent. Be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. It's your opportunity to come tonight. If you want prayer tonight, you can come. If you haven't been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and repented of your sins, you can come tonight. [Music] You want prayer, they sing or whatever you can [Music] come. Your spirit is within me. So I will always your spirit is within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you the Lord. Amen. Amen. Keep pressing the battle. I want your prayers. We, the Lord's willing, will supposed to purchase another tent that's one the size of the big one. And thank the Lord for brother Palmer. He was able to see one online. And hopefully tomorrow they'll bring it up. But I might need a little help if anybody available about 12:00 if But before you come, but make sure they're going to bring it at 12. Okay, we need a little help to unload, but by the grace of God, but just pray for us and the Lord is able to we've been praying since the other tent was stolen that God would replace it. Amen. And by the grace of God is look like we got a replacement by the grace of God. Thank the Lord. same size, same look like the same kind of shape. But by the grace of God, we trust in the Lord. The last one we got, they people told us told us a story, but this time we I feel pretty good about it. So, let's just believe God pray for us that everything goes well and we'll be able to secure the tent tomorrow. Okay? Thank the Lord for you. But Jeremiah, you want to dismiss us in tonight. Heavenly Father God, Lord, we thank you for your mercy, God, and for your grace. Thank you for your word, Lord God. May Lord, you watch over each and every one of us and leave this place, Lord, whenever your presence in Jesus name. Amen. [Music]
