################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Bro. Danny Stemen - Danny Stemen - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   Bro. Danny Stemen
Speaker: Danny Stemen
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haPl9Fr2NbE
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You are my wers for you are great. [Music] you. There is no one else like you. Let the nations declare that you have done great things. You have done great things. You are forever righteous. You are great. You are my God, my king. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my [Applause] king. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] There are you see you alone. There is no one else like you. Oh, let the nations declare that you have done great things. You have done great things. Glory. You [Music] are forever more. Righteous you are great. Exalt you my God, my king, my [Music] You are great. You are exalt my [Music] god this [Applause] morning this morning. We've got quite a few prayer requests. We'll go over really quickly with that be prepared to come take us to the Lord in prayer this morning. We want to remember uh the Anthony family. Sister Mary Anthony has been placed on hospice care. So we want to remember her and her family in our prayers this morning. Amen. What the Lord's will would be. Uh Sister Bonnie Potter asked to please pray for Abby, her granddaughter. She has a stomach virus. So we certainly will remember that need this morning. Sister Jordan, Eden, Eden, and Emiline Hatton, all homes sick today. Want to remember them. Brother Gary asked to remember Kelly in prayer. She fell yesterday and has a hole in her knee and in a lot of pain. Want to remember that request. Sister Barbara Grley asking for prayers. She's still coughing, can't lay down at night, has an appointment with her doctor on the 14th. So, we want to remember that need. Uh praise report from uh sister Tama regarding brother Joel says I want to thank everyone for prayers and checking on Joel during his bout with the shingles yesterday. He was like a new man. The major pain has subsided. The lesions are drying healing. His energy is restored. We certainly seeing God move through everyone's prayers. We love you all. May God bless bless each and every one of you. Amen. So we certainly thankful to the Lord. Brother Joel's feeling better this morning. Amen. want to remember um Sister Sulin, her husband Scotty, and their daughters. Scotty was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer involving uh multiple areas of his body. It was a sudden and unexpected diagnosis. Asked for prayer this morning, Brother Glenn had asked for prayer for a friend from Tennessee who's been uh Ron Ogle, been dealing with cancer the last couple of years. also wanted to pray for Jean Chance diagnosed with uh melanoma in his eye and also the last one was for himself. He'd pulled something in his abdomen. I just please pray that Amen. the Lord would touch those needs this morning. Uh Sister Naen Finch requesting prayer for her son Jason has a stress test tomorrow and her Tommy has an appointment on Thursday. Want to remember that need. Uh brother Carter Lawson has a couple of unspoken prayer requests. Lord knows all about it. Amen. We want to take those to the Lord this morning. Sister Ruth Louise Jax asking for prayer for deliverance for her friend Michelle. Another request for Sister Anon. Uh Sister Janet Payne. Uh wanted to give a testimony. Thankful for the prayers for her sister. She got to go home with no surgery. Amen. So, we certainly thankful for that testimony this morning. Also, we want to remember the Britain family in prayer over in North Carolina. They go to brother Barry Coffees. They lost their 20-year-old son. and the funeral will be Wednesday. Also, Sister Linda Loris is in the hospital needing prayers. So, we certainly want to remember Sister Linda this morning. Uh want to remember uh Brother Smith Ward. He's at home with vertigo this morning. Uh Sister Deborah Lowry. Uh brother Mark had text and he she's be scheduled for back surgery tomorrow. Want to remember her in our prayers this morning. Also, uh brother Steve Nuen um at home this morning again not able to make service. So, we certainly want to send out our prayers to our brother this morning and pray that the Lord would just give him strength. Amen. And encourage him this morning. Amen. If he might be I don't know if he might be streaming. Can we all say God bless Brother Steve this morning? Amen. Amen. Brother Matt, would you come? Let's just stand to our feet. How many has a need upon your heart this morning? Amen. God bless you all. You know brother would teach us this service was predestinated for many years back. So how many is an expectation to leave here different than what you came. He said you either leave better or worse. And the Bible teaches we agree touching any one thing. Let's agree this morning. We're going to leave better than what we came. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, let's just bow our heads to him. How many believers we got in the building this morning? Amen. Let's just believe. Father, we love you this morning. Count it a great honor to be together with ones of like precious faith, Lord. And Father, we're looking forward to a rapture this morning, Father. And we see times changing, but God, we're we're coming in great expectation this morning, God, to see a supernatural God move down and speak to our hearts, Father. God, there's many needs, Lord, that are represented this morning, God. You heard all the prayer requests, Father. God, and they don't go on un unheard, unheard before you, Lord. Will you hear each one, God? You know the answers, Father. And God, we just pray for a supernatural, God, to move on every prayer request, Father. God, may they come back as testimonies, God, that you begin to move, Lord, and things begin to change, Father, from this very moment forward, God. May they see you, Lord. May faith begin to grow, Lord, where doubt was, where fear was, but God, may you move in a mighty way, Father. We pray for Brother Danny this morning, Lord. God, that you just move him out of the way, Father. Move him out of the way, God, and just minister to each heart, God. And may it be like those on the way to Emmas. Did not our hearts burn within us, Father, as you spoke to us along the way. Father, come in a mighty way this morning. We invite you, Father. Have thine own way. We certainly love you this morning, Lord. Kind of just an honor to be together, God. Come, Lord. Take preeminence, Lord. Take this service for thy glory. and we'll give you all praise and all glory in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song this morning. Brothers would come receive the morning tithe and offering at this time. Amen. He came looking for me. Amen. Aren't you so glad when we was in the depths of despair. Amen. He came looking for us. Once again, just want to say to all of our visitors that are with us uh this morning, God bless you. We welcome you to the service. I'm so glad that you came uh to be here with us this weekend. Like I I said yesterday to the youth. If it wasn't for you that had come to join us, we would have had no one to serve this weekend. So, we we certainly appreciate you being here and us you allowing us to serve you and it was such an honor uh to do the different things for you. Uh those that have helped uh this weekend, I don't want to start naming names, but there's a lot of uh people behind the scenes that you may not even known had been here. Uh some showed up yesterday at four o'clock in the morning to help prepare the gym uh for tomorrow's activities to get things cleaned up. Just give those folks a nice hand this morning. Amen. Uh the group of girls singing this morning, sisters Brianna, Elise, Caroline, and Tiraza, if y'all come prepare to sing a special for us this morning. Amen. as we sing this. Oh, one night while on life's raging sea, it looked as if I would suffer defeat. As the blackness of night closed off the light, my heart sank with fear. My desperate cry rang out with fright. All I could see was no hope in sight. With faith all but gone, I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way. There was no way that I could see when I drifted so far. Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, Satan had already kicked down my grave. His plan and moved forward to put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. But Jesus appeared and said, "This one is mine. Now I'm safe with no harm. He walked through my storm. He came looking for me." Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me. Let's sing that second verse again. Well, oh, Satan had already picked out my grave. The planet moved forward to put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care? I'd soon be lost. But I knew my destruction was a matter of time. But Jesus appeared and said, "This one is mine. Now I'm safe with no harm." He walked through the storm. He came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way. There was no way that I could see. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm saved from all harm cuz I met the one who came looking for me. Amen. Aren't you so glad he found you this morning? Amen. You can be seated. Amen. Enjoy our specials this morning. Uh Sister Haley and Sister Rachel, I believe, have a song for us this morning if they prepare to come. And brother Bobby and Brother Jesse have a song as well this morning. If they be coming and prepared to sing. [Music] You're my shelter for my eneies, my defender. Would you fight for me? So I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. You're everything I need. [Music] for my promise when I cannot see my protection. You're watching over me. So I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. You're everything I need. Our love keeps growing. I'm blessed in the wind. I've got something that the world ain't got. I've got something that the world can never stop. I've got you. You. I've got you. Got you. I've got you. You, Jesus. [Music] You're my portion making me complete my redemption. Your blood has ransom me. So I know. Yes and no. Yes and no. You're everything I [Music] need. Our love keeps growing. I'm blessed in no way. I've got something that the world ain't got. I've got something that the world can never stop. I've got you. You. I've got you. You. I've got you. You, Jesus. I've got something that the world ain't got. I've got something that the world can never stop. I've got you. I'm you. I've got you. You. I've got you. You, Jesus. [Music] What if I can lead you to a love you've never felt before? What if I can show you that he's right here waiting? What if I can guarantee he's everything you need? Would you believe me? Believe me. What if I could lead you to a love you've never felt before? What if I could show you that he's right here waiting? What if I could guarantee he's everything you need? Would you believe me? believe me? What if I can lead you to a love you never felt before? What if I can show you that he's right here waiting? What if I can guarantee he's everything you need? Will you believe me? Believe me. I've got something that the world ain't got. I've got something that the world can never stop. I've got you. I got you. I've got you. Got you. I've got you. You, Jesus. I've got something that the world ain't got. I've got something that the world can never stop. I've got you. Got you. I've got you. Got you. I've got you. Got you, Jesus. [Music] [Applause] While Jesse and Bobby get ready to sing, I just wanted to make mention and I don't I might get kicked off platform permanently for this, but there were two local companies uh this is for the local folks that donated a lot of material for us to use for the banquet and it made it really nice for the youth and that was site one landscape supply and yard and garden depot in Hampton. the little nursery there across from the Dunkin Donuts. So, if you would locally, if you'd pray for them that God would bless their businesses and support them, uh I would appreciate it because they gave us uh probably about $20,000 worth of material to use, not knowing if it was going to be damaged when it got back or whatever. But, so I I I just wanted to mention their names this morning and pray that God would bless their businesses for uh letting our youth allowing our youth to use that [Applause] [Music] My faithful [Music] father, enduring friend, your tender mercies like a River with no end. It overwhelms me. Covers my sin. Each time I come into your presence, I stand in wonder on again. Your grace still amazes me. Your love is still a mystery. Each day I fall on my knees. Cuz your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. [Music] Oh patient savior, you make me whole. You are the author and the healer of my soul. What can I give [Music] you? Lord, what can I say? I know there's no way to repay you, only to offer you my praise. Your [Applause] grace still amazes me. Your love is still a mystery. And each day I fall on my knees. Your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. It's deeper. is wider is stronger. It's [Applause] higher. It's deeper. It's wider. It's wide. It's strong. It's strong. It's higher than anything. My eyes can see your grace still amazes me. Your love is still a mystery. He say I fall on my ear. Your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. [Music] [Music] I'm sure we can all say that today the more we find out about his grace and how much we really really need it every day of our lives. I think from the sermon that we heard the other night that grace is more than just when we first get saved, is it? It's continually ongoing. Grace for healing, grace for trials, grace for difficulties and tests. And we're just so thankful for that. We're going to invite brother Danny to come this morning and the last service in this series. And we just want to say how blessed we've been. Not only for the minister brothers that have come. We so appreciate brother David and brother Danny coming to speak to us, but we've been blessed all the visitors that have been in our gates. the youth that have come and the parents that have come with some of them. And we just thank you so much for bringing your lick of fire to be a part of us. And you have blessed us being here these days. And we trust that you've received something from the Lord yourself, something that you'll be able to take back home with you, make it applicable to your life, make you to be a better person of what the Lord wants you to be. That's the reason we come to church in it. That's the reason we come to to have special meetings together and to be able to see one another. And there's just something about the fellowship that we have together. We're so honored today to have true men of God that desire to bring the truth and not just bring theology. We don't want just doctrine, but we want the spirit of truth. Right? We want this whole gospel of the Lord Jesus. So, if you're here today and you need healing, our God is a healer. Amen. You need a miracle, our God is a miracle worker. You need the Holy Ghost, he still baptizes with the Holy Ghost. So whatever you have need of today, we want to just open our hearts. Hey, maybe we can just sing together. Only believe. No matter how much that we know or how much we think we know about the theology of the Bible and the theology of the Godhead and all of that, when it comes down to our real needs and going through trials, which one of the seven thunders do you use to overcome temptation? Which great dark deep mystery is it whenever oppression's coming against your mind and sadness and forsaken by your friends? Which great mystery is it that you use to overcome? A lot of times it's the simplicity of the word, isn't it? Jesus was the word and he could have used all types of theology when Satan came against him. But he didn't. And he didn't spend all of his time trying to tell I'm the son of God. I'll tell you one thing. I'm the word. I'm this, that, and the other. So when you get done with all that, the devil don't believe it anyway. So just use the word that applies to your needs and that's what God will help you to overcome with. Let's sing it together now, can we? Only believe everybody now. Only believe. Do we still believe this? All things are possible if we only believe. Oh, help us, Lord. Take away any unbelief we'd have today. Father, [Music] Holy. We sing Lord I believe. And Lord I believe. Lord I believe that all things are possible. [Music] Lord, I believe. And Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe thee. Amen. How many say that's our desire this morning that we just want to believe him. Amen. He never did ask us to understand everything, but he did ask us to believe him. And that's what I want to do because there's a lot of things I do not understand and and when trials get harder and rough and everything, I just want to believe him and I want to trust him and know that he's going to do the outworking and I just stand still. So, amen. We want to say God bless you. It certainly has been, Amen, a real privilege for me to be here and just to Amen. renew some old friendships and to make some new ones. And I just want to say it's it's been a real honor. And I want to thank brother Donnie and Sister Carol for their hospitality and the fellowship. And I appreciate Brother Donniey's ministry and his stand over the years. And I know it's been a real blessing to you as it is to the bride. Amen. around the world. Amen. I also want to appreciate uh the ministry that God has sent out of this church. Amen. And uh I see brother Jackie, amen, over there. He was the first man that uh I ever traveled with overseas. And I don't think God could have given me a better example of uh humility and um uh grace and love like he did with brother Jackie. And brother Jackie will be forever known in places that you've never heard of. Amen. And and I just I love you, Brother Jackie. And I just appreciate your ministry and what it's meant to me. Amen. And and I think God knows how to put men in front of other men to kind of give them something to look at. And and um you know, I I know Brother Jackie may not remember this, but we had spent many hours going up into the middle of nowhere, and that probably was the name of the place, Nowhere. And and it was in the jungle. We were tired. We were hot. I was exhausted. And it was about 11:00 at night. And we was staying in this this platform, had no walls. And I just laid down on the floor and and started to go to sleep. And all these natives come in and gathered around us. And I remember laying there listening to Brother Jackie sing as loud as he could. Amen. So I I admire that because I did not feel like singing. Amen. Amen. But we love you, Brother Jackie. Amen. Sure do. And uh I appreciate brother Daryl, his friendship and his ministry. He's been a great blessing. I know you love brother Daryl. Amen. And his ministry was so effective in our church that we had to literally beg my brother-in-law not to name his son Gonimo. Amen. And that's the truth. I mean it was right down to the wire. We were in the hospital and changed his mind. But thank the Lord. But we appreciate that. And I I I just couldn't imagine a son going through life. What's your name? Geronimo, and start a war. Amen. So, Amen. I don't want to ignore anybody else. I know there's other many ministers here, and we just appreciate the youth leaders, Brother Rob, Brother Joe, and and all that was able to make this weekend what it was. We just want to say God bless you. Amen. We just have Amen. just another part of the body of Christ down in Florida, and we want to bring greetings there from the church. and and I I just look forward to spending eternity together. Amen. Well, you may have to reintroduce yourself because we're all look a little different, younger, but Amen. We appreciate Amen. God and for all that he's done for us. How many love the message that he sent to us? And where would we be without it? We wouldn't know one another. We wouldn't have fellowship like this. We wouldn't have meetings like this. We wouldn't have freedom like this. Amen. And we would probably think, "If you're not a part of my church, you're out of it." But I'm glad that that God Amen. rich in mercy and for his grace. Amen. and he has called us and brought us together. So, God bless you. Let's just bow our heads if we can for a word of prayer. Father, we're so grateful to you. We love you, Lord. And we would ask you, Lord, to take this last service. And we ask you to have the preeminence, Lord, in it. And may you get all the honor and glory. May you anoint my lips, anoint the ears of the hearer. I do not know the people, Father, for the most part, but you do, Lord. And you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever, Father. We believe, Lord. Amen. in the power of your healing and your mercy and your grace. And I just pray as as I've heard the prophet pray and say things like this, I I would like to say the same thing. May I be able to say something that would plant courage, Lord, in the young people's heart. And Lord, and even us older folks, Lord, we we're still on the journey. We're still on our way, Father. We need you more than ever before. Lord, we commit this service to you and all that's said and done in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I want you to turn with me if you will to the book of Matthew, the the fifth chapter. I just want to read one verse there and then I'm going to have you turn over to James the first chapter. Yesterday we preached on the true message of grace and and this morning I'm going to just preach on the true message of grace. All right. All right. And if you're counting that's two. All right. Amen. Just one verse. Bless uh Matthew 5 uh verse 4. These are the biatitudes on on the mountain that Jesus is speaking here. Now look at this, brother Donnie. You got a creature up here on the platform. I don't know what to do with it, but Amen. It's a stink bug or something. Did this ever happen before? There you go. It's a Is that what it is? Be glad it's not a wasp. I am glad it's not a wasp. It's still on me. Let me tell you why. Who did that? Yeah. All right. Well, we can't have everything. Amen. Matthew 5:4. And as he's saying, these are the biatitudes. And as I like to tell the church, these are the attitudes you should be in. Amen. And Jesus says here, very familiar, just one verse, blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Amen. And of course, we know what mourning is. Mourning is grief. Mourning can be over trial. It can be over loss. Whatever it may be. But Jesus says, "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted." Now, uh I I want to to say that that word um is an invitation. Uh that word is an invitation because you have a choice when you're mourning. You have a choice. You can either go the way of the comforter or you can go another way. All right? And and so it's actually it's a reversal and it's an invitation. Blessed are they that mourn. But if you choose me, I'll be your comforter. Yeah. Praise the Lord. So it's an invitation for us. Amen. And so we have an invitation to enter into his care. James 1 verse 2 through 4. Very familiar. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that you may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. So that tells us as believers that trials are not just by chance, but they actually have a purpose. Amen. And it is the purpose is the trying of our faith. Amen. Because God has to try it. You say you believe now he's going to try to see. He already knows. But he's going to show you what you are. Amen. And and so Amen. And and if you Amen. allow it. Faith will work patience. Amen. So we are we are to to grow in what we go through. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. So, we've been speaking on on true grace. And I I want to repeat a couple of the quotes that I that I read yesterday. And grace is that divine influence upon your heart. And it has a reflection in your life. And it is the joy and it's the favor of God. Amen. And it has an outworking in our life of gratitude. Amen. We're we're to grow in that. We're to grow in grace, the Bible says. We're to be strong in grace, the Bible says. So, and the grace that we're strong in is not the grace of the church. Amen. It is the grace of Jesus Christ. Amen. And and the prophet said, "Grace and love are twin sisters." You cannot have one without the other. So, when you see someone always complaining or always playing the victim card or always having a chip on the shoulder against somebody, they want grace, but they don't give grace. Oh my. Is that right? Amen. But that's not grace. Amen. Grace of God is something that Amen so affects us that it actually lives out through us. It begins to breathe out. I I don't know about you. Uh Amen. But I'm grateful for what God has brought me from. I realize the order I get where I could be. I realize where where I'm at now that I could be in another church. I could be under another understanding. I I I could be in a place where I think my church is salvation and amen the creed of salvation and the the dogma of salvation and and not allowing the Holy Spirit to have amen reign in my life. I could be that way. But God who's rich in mercy. I cannot compare my path to your path because it wouldn't do no good. Our paths are not the same. Our the what we came out of are not the same. But we can all say the same thing. God rich in mercy. So I I I I I want real true grace. Amen. As we read yesterday in the message of grace, he said the message of grace has been tramped under the feet of men until it becomes disgrace. Right? Some of them run out into eternal security. Some run out into everything. But where the but the true message of grace remains the same. And that's what Satan tries to knock it out from the church. So this is something he is going to keep doing. He's going to try to knock grace out of our life. Why? But that must mean grace not only affects us, but it affects others through us. And he does not want us projecting a church, he wants us projecting him. Hallelujah. Amen. And again, as we read yesterday in the sign, is this a sign of the inserve? Amen. Some of the things that the the Holy Spirit, amen, the angel of God, Amen, would finish our or reveal in the ministry of the seventh angel, Amen. And he said, um, he said serpent seed, a hidden mystery all through the years. He said, "Grace, true grace." A grace straightened out, not disgrace, but real true grace. You know, men can turn the grace of God into lasciviousness. Amen. Grace that can cover amen my my my immorals or it can cover amen my habits and all that. That's not the grace God's talking about. Cuz grace is not something weak and neither is it something scared. Come on. Amen. Amen. And he said the ma the mystery another another thing was revealed is the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did. Amen. There had to come a time where God would remove all the obstacles that the church has put in the way of the moving of the Holy Spirit. Amen. And and bring it to the person of Jesus Christ. Amen. So then one more that we read was Amen. the brother Benam and Satan Eden said the Holy Ghost is the action in you. It's a life, not an emotion. How many love emotions? I love emotions. No, nobody in here, as far as I know, is against emotions and and and and shouting and running and and all of that. But I'm telling you, amen. emotions, amen, are not proof of what you have. That's what the prophet is saying. It's not some sort of fleshly evidence. I I had uh some of my young people, they were like, "Well, I I I don't know if I have the Holy Ghost, and I feel like I have to scream or shout or run." And and they come back to me said, "Oh, Brother Danny, we shouted and we ran and we're so thankful for that." I said, "I I'm so glad you did." I said, "Wonderful. I I'm so glad you had that experience." I said, "But I want you to do me a favor now. I want you to go back in the Bible and I want you to anchor that experience in the word. Because if it did not come from the word, it's going to be gone by next week. Because I don't know if you're human like I am, but I have been happy and I've shouted, "Amen." But next week, here comes trouble and I'm just happy to get out of bed. Does anybody know what I'm talking about? Do you think I'm like this all the time? Hey, you're supposed to say, "Hey, amen." But he said, "Now, but but you know what? It doesn't matter up or down. It doesn't matter where I'm at. It does not move anything that's on the inside." Amen. I want to say as a way of testimony, there's something in me that God is anchored that I could not do myself. Amen. But he quickened it. I never put it there and I can't take it out. And if I can't take it out, you can't take it out. You never put me in the message. You can't take me out of the message. You never died for me. Amen. You never shed your blood for me. Therefore, I am who he is. You say, "Brother Daniel, well, this is so simple." Well, then you should amen louder. Cuz you can understand it. Hallelujah. But he said, "It's the word of God." Amen. It's it's a person, Jesus Christ, the word of God established. That's what we want to see. The word of God established in your heart. Amen. He said uh to quicken every word of this age. Watch the Holy Ghost in action. Not so much in demonstration. Not so much in the signs and wonders. Amen. But watch it when it's confronted by the word. Is it able to humble itself to the leadership of the word? That's how you begin to know the characteristic that is there. Amen. We believe as as brother Benham taught that the Holy Ghost is a definite experience you must have. But I'm not here to tell you how it will be. I'm here to tell you you have to have it. Amen. That's what Jesus preached. You must be born again. And born again by how? By the spirit. And I'm not the one to tell you, okay, you're not born again. That's not my job. My job is to preach the word. Cuz I don't know what's behind the fleshly evidence. I mean, there's some things that's pretty obvious to see, but there's other things I don't know. I don't know what you're going through. I don't know where your mind is. I don't know your battles, but I know a God who does know. That's right. 1 Peter 5:5 says, "Likewise, you younger, submit yourself unto the elder, yay, all of you. Subject yourself one to another, and be clothed with humility. For God resists the proud and gives grace to the humble." Amen. God resists the proud and gives grace to the humble. So humble yourself therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time casting all your cares upon him for he cares for you. Praise the Lord. Now I want you to notice what the word says. The word says God resisteth the proud. It doesn't say he resists the discouraged. It doesn't say he resists the depressed. All right? It doesn't say he resists those who have a besetting sin. It doesn't say he resists those who have habits they can't kick. It doesn't say that. It says he resists the proud because the proud will not acknowledge what they're doing. Amen. But if you can humble yourself under the word of God and say, "God, I I don't want to be that and I don't want to go that way and I don't want to live like that. I don't want to be in this condition." Then God says, "I care for you." Amen. and I will come and I will give you grace. Well, I don't know about you, but Danny Steam needs grace and I need another portion of grace. I need God. [Applause] Amen. I had uh I've had young people come to me and they come up for prayer and they will say, "I I I I want I want God to help me. I I I want to I I don't want I want God to help me. I'm scared to go to hell." I tell him, I say, "You're coming for the wrong reason." We don't come to him because we're scared to go to hell. Because then you're not acknowledging what you're doing. You come to him because you want to serve him. I don't want God to save me from hell just so I can do what I want. [Applause] Preach that. I had another girl come to me and says, "I I need to be delivered of anxiety." And and so we'd pray and she would shake and she'd fall on the floor and then she'd go back to live the way she was. So, I'll tell you something and and you just bear with me, okay? You've done me the favor of making me feel at home. So, that that's and so I'll just act like I am home. Okay? So, I had a problem in my home one time and it was called rats. How many's ever had that problem? Amen. We don't have rats in Tennessee, wherever you're from, but I have big ones back home. They called wood rats. They didn't get in the house, but they got they got up in the attic. And and so I they they be they they become so pervasive that I could actually I'd hear them at 2:00 at night up above in the ceiling and I could actually learn their characteristics. They were all different. I mean I'd hear them squeak. I hear there was one particular he's always squeak. I We need those fellas to come up here and show us how that sounded again. Amen. And and they would squeak and and there's particular once I'm like all right I I had to get in the hunting spirit. And so I'm like, "All right, I I'm going to go hunting. It's time to go hunting." So I I I went, of course, you know what hunters do, they don't need it, but they go buy it anyway. So we we I went to Walmart and I didn't need this cuz I didn't have it. And I bought, you know, the rat killers. All right. It's called Victor Traps and big old traps, you know. So then I crawled up in my attic and I'm putting these traps everywhere and I I started getting one by one one and you know and and um and my sons, they were little at the time and one of them said, "Hey dad," he said, "Next time you get one," he said, "Uh uh" he said, "When can can I go up there with you?" And you know, he wanted to see it. I said, "Yeah." I said, "Sure." So 2 o'clock in the morning. Sure enough. And I got the squeak. I got squeaky and I heard I heard the trap pow. He just started squeaking. I go shake my son Joseph and say, "Hey, let's go, son. We're going hunting." So, it's awesome to go to a blind where the the animal's already there. Amen. And and I we got up there and we're crawling and he's a little boy and he's up there beside him. We're crawling. We get over there and you know trap the trap didn't hurt the rats at all. It just trapped them. They couldn't move. He had pow and it's laying there. And he looked at that thing and it looked cute and it's like and he's like, "Oh, dad. Oh, dad." I said, "Son," I said, "If you don't like this, you sure ain't going to like what's happening next cuz it ain't good enough to trap something. You got to kill it." Amen. So my son left my church and I took the I went and did the deed. Now here's the thing, young people. You want something from God. You want to be delivered of anxiety. You want to be delivered. But you know what? Even killing the rat's not good enough. Cuz then I had a job to do. I had to find out where they were getting in. Uh, and then I had to go where they were getting in. I had to seal everything up. And that would take care of the rat problem. And once I did that, I never heard another rat above me. Anybody understand what I'm talking about? We got some real rats in this age. Amen. That are gnawing at your life and they're talking to you and you're you'll never be born again and you'll never get the Holy Ghost. You never overcome pornography. You're never going It's not good enough to trap it. You got to seal that hole that it'll never get back in again. Hallelujah. Okay. I just want to say something. I could have prayed. I could have prayed 24 hours a day and it would not killed one rat. That's right. Cuz you got something to do. Grace provides the mean. You got to have the energy. All right. Don't tell me you want something from God and you're not going to go after it. Hallelujah. I hope that's all right. Yeah. I'll forever be known as the ratman from here on. Amen. Amen. Ephesians 1. Blessed be the God and father, our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. Say all. All. Is there anything else other than all? So, where are you going to get anything? In Christ. Amen. And when he's saying heavenly, he's not talking about up here. He's talking about right here. Heavenly places is his position. Your position in him in the word. Amen. Amen. According as he has chosen us. When did he choose you? When you went to your favorite church. Come on. When did he choose you? He chose you in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy. Amen. And without blame. Amen. Before him in love. He already provided the means. That's good. Having predestinated us into the adoption of children by Jesus Christ himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Brother Brandham said, "When what did the Holy Ghost fall on at Pentecost?" Sons. What did the Holy Ghost fall on at Corinth? Sons. They did not become sons. They were already sons. The Holy Ghost fell upon them and confirmed who they were. Blessed be the name of the Lord. To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. So, so it's very important for you young people to realize it's not so important to be accepted by one another, but it is most important to be accepted in him. Amen. To the pray uh uh in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace. Brother Brandham said in Christ the mystery, heavenly places. Oh, I I wish I had time. I I've got it marked here in my Bible about heavenly places. What is heavenly places just for a moment? He said it's the believer's position in Christ. It's where the believer stands in Christ. Yes, sir. Amen. You say, "Well, I've heard that." But do you stand there? All right. You understand what a stand is? You make your stand there. Amen. Now, notice he said he predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. He said predestinated. There's the mystery. He before Christ or anything else was ever on earth. You see his great mystery. He chose the bride knowing Eve would fall from disbelieving the word knowing she would fall. But he would choose a bride that would not fall that would hold to the word. Watch the characteristic. She will hold to the word regardless of what everybody else what the rest of the world has to say about it. They would hold. They're predestinated to stand at the adoption of children. That's where you're predestinated to stand. Amen. So, so what is God looking for? He's looking for people who will not change the word. That's the test of the hour. Amen. Do you do you understand to be called the bride means that you came out of the church to walk with the word? That's how you become the bride is to walk with the word. Amen. In uh in God of this evil age, he said, "Why would God choose such an evil time, amen, to to bring forth, Amen, a bride?" He said, "It's to prove to Satan." He's not proven to me. He's proven it to his enemy, his archeneemy, whom he kicked out of heaven. I'm going to prove to you I'll have a people, amen, who will not be deceived by your words, and they will not follow what you say. And they won't believe what you say about them. They'll believe. It doesn't matter where they came from. It doesn't matter what they were in life. Amen. But God rich in mercy is able to exalt you out of that condition. And they will believe you over they will believe me over your lie. [Applause] That's grace. I'm so glad that he is. Brother Brandham said grace provided Israel a great thing. And the message turning northward. He said grace had provided them a great thing. It provided them a Passover lamb. It provided them a prophet. It provided them an angel. Every one of them had a direct purpose. That's right. Passover lamb was for their sins. And that was under substitute. Now, we know, Amen. Our Passover lamb is Christ. Nobody else can do that. Amen. Paul said, "I did not come to dominate over your faith." That's right. but to be helpers of your joy. That's what I want to be. I believe every minister wants to be that. We don't come to dominate your faith. We come to be helpers of your joy. Strengthen your joy in who you are in him. Amen. To take the fear out of your life because you understand we deal with so much fear in prayer with people. Amen. You understand fear. You can understand that's not from God. Had a sister tell me a while back, I I had a dream and I heard a voice. Amen. And there's an angry man's voice telling me I didn't have the Holy Ghost. And I woke up so scared. I'm thinking, "Is that God?" And she's asking me in prayer, "Is that God?" I said, "No." You think God talks like that to his children? He's already saying his word. I have not come to give you a spirit of fear. But a peace. Did that give you peace? No, it didn't give you peace, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. It's the will of God for you this morning to have a sound mind. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, I want your soundness of mind, not tossed about. God gave them all that. The Passover lamb was for their sin. The prophet was for their instruction. And the angel was their guide. How can you miss it? Grace provided that. But after all of that, they wanted the law. and we got to the same place again when God through his grace has provided us he's provided us. There's not another generation on earth that has the understanding of the lamb of God like this generation. When brother Brandham said in the seals, he said uh I believe it was a seals brother Donnie demonstrated yesterday. He's got better memory than I do. So, amen. But anyway, now I forgot what I was going to say. Amen. But uh he said until that last name is manifested on that book, that lamb is there to take care of that name. You understand that the lamb of God, our Passover, is right here in this room right now taking care of the name. Some of them aren't manifested, but he's going to wait there until they are manifested. He cares for you. Aren't you glad, Brother JD? I love him. Why would we want to add anything to that? Now let's I want a prophet who's come to give instruction. I want his understanding of what grace is. Uh he said now you say brother Brandham this is in the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You say brother Brandham I guess once in grace always in grace. He said that brings a lot of disgrace. But when a man or woman has been born of the spirit of God old things pass away. All things become new and he's been birthed and blessed by the eternal God and they can no more perish and God himself can perish. I mean, why do you think I mean Paul was telling Timothy, lay hold of eternal life. He wasn't telling, "Hey, Paul, you uh Timothy, you don't have it yet." He was telling him, "Lay hold of of real life and and experience it to its fullness." Jesus said, "I am come that you might have life and have it." He wants you to get everything out of life. Paul said, "Amen. I was h apprehended by Christ." He said, "I have not apprehended." I said, "I want to apprehend him for what he apprehended me for." You mean God got a hold of my life in order for me to apprehend things for him? Lay hold of me. He laid hold of me. He He converted me. He brought a new man, amen, in with me. He quickened me from death and life. He laid hold of me so that I might be a witness. Amen. Acts. Amen. His conversion that he might be a witness and through him others might be converted. And he has many things to suffer for my name. We love to talk about quickening. We don't like to talk about suffering. Amen. But he said, "I may know him in the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his and to be conformable." Yeah. unto his death. He quickened you. And then you go through suffering, but it's fellowship. You tell me that an infinite God would come down and give you eternal life. Listen, young people, maybe an elder one in here needs this, too. Listen, he didn't save you to lose you. That's right. We got so much creed. If you don't do what I say, if you don't do this, you don't, it's come right into the message. You don't do it this way, you're lost. I mean, I've had people in my church say, "See you in the millennium." I see you after the millennium. What does that mean? See you after the millennium. Didn't know you didn't like me that much. You mean you don't want to spend the millennium with me? You know, you Well, well, I guess because it's a thousand years of peace and we hadn't had any. So, Amen. No. Amen. Amen. God did not save you to lose you. I want to tell you about the record of God. You understand? In all the ages of the earth, he's never lost one. His record is unblenmished. He has never lost one. Well, you say, "My battle is I don't know if I am one." Well, you're in the right place. Amen. You're in the right place. Praise the Lord. Brother Bam said, "Now, if he could tell the end from the beginning, he saved you here this week and he knows next week you're going to backslide and lose you." What's he doing a work like that for? That would be foolish. So, you know what that tells me? That God already knew you. There's some of you sitting in here, you're battling pornography right now. Boy, it got quiet. That's not that funny. So, be a battle on lust. Oh, you know what comes with all those things? Shame. Oh, I tell you, boy. The devil knows how to pour it on to you, don't he? Oh, he knows how to, you know, oh, it may not be that. It may be something else, but he's pouring it on to you and you're getting lower and lower. If you were a son of God, if you were this, if you were that, if you were, and he's pouring it on and and here you're thinking, "Yep, he's right. He's right." But if God saved you, do you not think that God measured in every one of your faults and your failures into his grace? He measured every one of my mistakes into his grace and said my grace is sufficient. Now, now you might you might think, well, you don't hear my thoughts and what he's telling me. He's telling me there is no hope and he's telling me I don't have the Holy Ghost. When you going to learn to fight? Do you not realize those thoughts he's given you are his own thoughts? Amen. Because you know the Bible says about him that they lost their first habitation. There's no way back. Amen. You think about that. There's no way back for him. So if he knows what hopelessness is, Amen. There's nobody like the devil knows what it's like to not be able to change. He's nobody like the devil to know he can never be redeemed. So he's going to pour all of his anxiety, all of his depression, all of his things upon you and then try to make you think that's you. That's not you. That's his thoughts. You, as a redeemed son of God, have a right to stand up and say, "Amen. I have been redeemed by the blood of the lamb." Amen. He does not even see me. Amen. He sees He only sees the blood. You have a right. That's right. Well, now I'm not making excuses for lust or anything else like that because the blood cleanses us from all sin. But I'm just going to try to tell you, you got to learn how to fight. You can't lay there under something. But repentance would do a great work. Now, don't get the wrong idea of what grace is. Grace isn't weak. Grace is bold. Grace isn't scared. He's not afraid of your condition. I'm glad he's not. Amen. Brother Brandham in the in the message adoption said that watch that master uh teacher Paul the first thing he does he's trying to knock out the idea of falling away you fall away of ever being a Christian today and tomorrow I'm lost and God condemns me the next day and I'm back again. That's nonsense. Praise the Lord. Amen. So now I want to tell you something about the power of the of of his of the word before I start my message. I'll quit soon. Amen. But um I'd read a story maybe some of you had as well in in the period of the Holocaust where this Jew was arrested him and his wife and he was some kind of philosopher or something and they was young, they didn't have any children. uh he had written a book and um and when they were arrested, lost everything, they were taken into the camps and his his testimony was and I I want to find it because because it's good. Amen. His testimony was that they took him into the camps. They sent his wife to the ovens. She was burnt to death. And he said he said, "They stripped me of everything I had. They took my clothes. They took my wife. They took my identity. They shaved my head. They put number on my arm. Now I was just a number. He said I had smuggled in the book I had written. You know, just trying to keep something of my possessions. He said they took that. He said I lost everything. He said I lost my will to live because I had no purpose in life. Everything was gone. And they came and they dressed him in another inmate's clothes who'd already went to the ovens and and been burnt to death. And he said, "I I put these clothes on and this ragged coat." He said, "I'm standing there and I'm going to give up. I have no more purpose to live." And he said, "I put I I put my hand down in the coat and I felt a piece of paper." And he said, "I pulled that piece of paper out and it said, "Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord." Now listen, they had taken his heritage. But in his pocket was the Sheima Israel. Amen. Which means listen Israel here. Oh Lord, here o here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And you shall love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy might. And these words which I commande this day shall be in your heart. And you shall teach them diligently unto your children, and talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise up, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, and they shall be frontlets between thy eyes, and you shall write them upon the post of thy house, and on thy gates. And he said, "How could I interpret this any other way than that? I have a purpose to live." I'm going to tell you, that's what the word of God is here to do to you this morning is to tell you, you have a purpose to live. Amen. The devil may have taken everything from you. Amen. But the word of God is still here and it still has your identity in it and the devil can never take it out. Praise the name of the Lord. You know the problem with Israel is they could never figure out God's love. They thought his love should be one of parental care, of taking care of a baby, just giving them everything they want. When they cry, he gives it to them and does that. He said, "But that," Brother Brandham said, "That wasn't Amen. Uh uh how God loves his children." His love is elective love. His love is that he thought of you before the foundation of the world and elected you to hear the word of your day and to be quickened by. He would not call your name Danny. He would preach the mysteries of God and it would quicken your heart. Amen. And it would something in you, a deep calling to the deep. Amen. You say, "Well, I just want to hear him call my name." He has over and over and over. Christ the mystery of God revealed. What is the attraction on the mountain? A deep calling to the deep. He's calling your name. And there's something in you say, "Amen." We We need the squawkers to stand up, right? I'm sorry, guys. I tell you that some nobody told you, but I have to tell you, one of them sound like a pig, your sound like a crow. You can figure that out. Amen. That's good. But it's good try. Praise the Lord. Want to tell you this. Amen. as I try to come to a place here that I I I felt the Lord had want to bring to young people is this. We become so discouraged because God doesn't answer the prayers the way we pray them. Brother Brandham said, "The thing is with people is the way God appears." Now, this is this is a hard one to understand if you're not careful. He says, "Many times we want to make an idol out of God." That's right. What does that mean? You know what that is? He says we ask God to do something and then he must do it just the way we ask it or we'll say he never answered. How many's prayed like that? Oh yeah. I didn't ask you to raise your hand. I just asked you if you done it. When we do that, we weaken our faith in God. Amen. And we weaken our testimony when we do not take him at his word. God always answered. That's right. No. Jesus said, "Ask and you shall receive. Seek." Yes, sir. And you shall find. Everyone that knocks, it'll be open to them. Now, that's the only way that I've always found it. Then I can get anything from God is to take him at his word and believe it the way he sends it. And if we do not take it just the way that we think it is, we have built God as an idol. That's why people get mad at God. That's why people leave God is because they've asked for a certain thing and it didn't happen the way they prayed. Yeah. Amen. Brother Brandham said in another place in so many words, he said that a man prayed for his mother and he read out of his prayer book and everything and when it didn't happen when she died, he just threw the book in the fire. He said, "Of course not." He said, "We're not to ask God, Amen. We're not We don't try to change God or change his will. We ask him to change us to fit his will." Now, that's hard for us to understand, but it's it's good word. Amen. No, if I could just believe it the way he sends it. Now, if we do not if we do not take it just the way we think it is, we've built God as an idol. He's got to answer according to our ways or it's no good. And we say he didn't answer us. But God answers in many ways. He answers in peculiar ways and everything is odd. That's the message, the unchangeable God, 1960. I I want to point to a couple places in scripture just to bring your mind to this that you might understand. Um, Brother Brandham says, "When we get in pressure and trials, we do things we wouldn't do otherwise." How many's ever done that? It's just getting more honest as we go along. This is awesome. I better raise mine. Amen. So there's an excess pressure built up today. I believe before I go any further, I might say this. I believe it's the enemy coming down and pressing. I believe it's the devil. And and we know the coming of the Lord is at hand. And the Bible said in the last days, the devil would go about like a roaring line. And if he could get you under pressure, hurrying and running over something, you'll make decisions you wouldn't make if you would sit down and think it over. But that's what the devil wants you to do. That's true. He wants you to get mad, make a decision why you're mad. He wants you to get hurt, make a decision while you're hurt. You get hurt in a church, so you leave the church to go to another one. What do you do? You just carried all that time bomb right over to the next church. Amen. Cuz you're making decisions where the devil wants you to make them and not where God wants you to make them. Amen. in uh in um uh the scripture tells us over in 1st Samuel 27 verse one it says David said in my heart I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul there is nothing better for me than I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines and Saul shall despair me to seek me anymore in the coast of Israel so I shall escape out of his hand and David arose and he passed over with the 600 men that were with him unto Akish, the son of Mok, king of Gath. And David dwelt with Akish at Gath. He and his men, every man with his household, even David with his two wives. Pay attention to these two wives. Henam the Jezraelitis and Abigail the Carmelitis. Nabal's wife. You You see that? I read those fast because I wasn't exactly sure if I was pronouncing them right. But anyway, they're there. You can read it. I I've heard preachers say, he says, you see that word right there. Amen. So, Amen. But I want you to see what did David say under pressure in his heart. He never asked God. He said in his heart, I will now one day perish under the hand of Saul. Yet this is the same David who was anointed by the prophet under a prophet's m anointed to be king. And the prophet said it was a type of the Holy Ghost being poured out upon him. And it wasn't just a little squirt. It was liberally poured upon him. Because God doesn't do anything halfway. And he said, "And when he was anointed, he was right there positionally placed as king." He wasn't sitting on the throne, but he was king in God's eyes. Amen. He said, "It's the same way with you. You were elected. You were called. You were filled with the Holy Ghost. You were placed right there in God's eyes." But here's this same David. Pressure has been on him so long. Caught between two fires. He thinks, "Amen. He's killed Goliath. Now he's going to go live where Goliath did." And that's the way people get under pressure. You had a testimony and then all of a sudden pressure comes and you start running around. Next thing you know, you're right back where that enemy you killed lives. You're not in the land of promise. You're down in the Philistines cuz you said in your heart, "I'm not going to make it." Amen. How many of us have done that? We become discouraged. We start making decisions under that discouragement. Well, I give up. I I just give up. And and then everything starts creeping in. Yeah. Bible says he took those two wives down. And listen, he moved his family totally out of the land of Israel where God is and where the promise is and moved it down to a kingdom of idols and devil worship. And we're going to we're going to survive here. And and and where he once was killing Philistines and killing champions, he's now become a chamberlain for Akish. Just let me fight for you. And David because he was covering up sin. And then this period of time that he will he will be with Akish and and live in Ziglag. When Akish gives him Ziglag, he won't write one psalm. God doesn't say a thing to him. Brother Danny, you know where I'm at this morning is not a zip of in inspiration. Well, where you at? You see, but but when I was in the promise, I wasn't feeling good. Join the team. I didn't have my joy when I was in the land of promise. Well, join the team. God is going to allow things to strike you. Amen. Because a Christian is not a bubble dancer. A Christian is a one who has endurance and has perseverance. And a Christian is one who doesn't give up. Amen. When the chips get down, they don't get down with it. They get back up. When they get knocked down, they get back up. You say, "Well, that's so simple, Brother Danny." Well, then do it. that we come into a place we don't have no strength. Amen. To deal with one another, forgive one another. We carry grudges, carry depression, walk around. Are we slaves of the enemy? Well, I killed Goliath before. Why am I going to go live in his house? But that's where David, the anointed king, the giant killer, taking his wives. I guess we're just going to have to live this way. I'll still go fight. You know, he tells lie after lie while he's there. He goes out and he kills the Gersianites or whoever they are. Brother Donnie, your memor is better than mine. You can tell them later, right? And and these the people he's killing are allies of the Philistines. And he's killing their allies. And to make sure that they can't send word back, he kills them all. He kills men, women, children. He kills everything so they can't carry word back. And then he goes back and tells, "I've been fighting Jews." So, he's lying. He's hiding things in his life. He's deceitful. And he's the anointed king. Oh my. And it gets so close in his life that they're going to fight a great battle with Saul. And David said, "I'll go." Have we got to the point we got so discouraged that we think it's doing God a service to kill one another of the household of faith? If I can just ruin your reputation, if I can just We've got real good at putting labels on one another. Well, this guy here, he's this and this guy here, he's that. You know what? When I go in the soup aisle and I look on there says tomato, I don't go look behind the label. And if you call one another's names, I say, "Well, that's what they are. That's not fair. We find ourselves acting like denominations because Amen. we get discouraged and we run over into another land, a place we've been delivered from, a place who God desires. You don't live under their rule, they live under yours. Amen. [Applause] Amen. And come to a point and Achus says, "We're going to go. We're gonna go fight the Philistines. And David says, "I'm sorry. We're gonna Yeah. Well, that's good." Yeah. Brother Donnie will correct me. We're gonna go. Just look at me and say, "Pray for Brother Danny." Amen. And and and and David says, "Just let me go with you and I'll fight Israel." The one who's been born to lead him now wants to kill him. He has got so discouraged. God intervened. Now, God hadn't spoken to him. He ain't want wrote one song. I can promise you David was not down in in in gas singing, "Ah, can't you see why I'm happy? I have left the promised word. It's better for me here now. Right, hun? He didn't write one thing. He's lying. And he's ready to go to war with his own people. And God intervenes through a heathen king and the distrust of his men said that I don't think it's a good idea cuz we're in that battle. That guy might turn on us. Yeah, better send him back to Ziglag. But he, David, didn't know all of his deceit was getting him ready for a big blow, a big trial, he was going to have a huge trial and he didn't know it was already happening. And he didn't know it was God. So he goes back to Ziglag. Blessed are they that mourn. for they shall be comforted. He goes back to Ziglag and when he comes there he finds out the Amalachites have come and burnt his city with fire and taken everything. Took the men's wives. And it specifically says that the people and David that were with him lifted up their voice and wept till they had no more power to weep. They mourned. They wailed. That word weep in the Hebrew means they bewailed with tears. These are warriors crying, screaming cuz they've lost everything. It mean they meant they complained and they made lamentations. And as you can see, it's very intense until they're totally drained and they can't weep anymore. And now they got a choice to make. You know what the scripture says again? His two wives were taken captives. Here they're mentioned again. A henm and Abigail. I think when God puts things down, you need to pay attention to him. Cuz God is saying something. And the Bible says David was greatly distressed for the people spake of stoning him. He's not hearing from God, but he's sure hearing from his people. Amen. You're the one that brought us here. You're the one that brought us to this point where we have lost everything. We have followed you faithfully. We believe the anointing is on you. And you led us into a cursed place and accepted gifts from kings. You have sworn to kill. And now you are dealing. You have taken as a gift Ziglag. Amen. Which is actually part of Judea or where the Judeian kings would stay. But it was he who gave it to you. And now we've lost everything because we followed you. What do you think guys? Should we stone him? Now if you go research the name aim and I just want to say this and and and it means in the surface it means brother of pleasantness. Isn't that a nice name to name your daughter? But that's the first part of her name. It's you take the ancient Hebrew and it takes the first part of her name and it means a strong wall. And if you take the second part of her name, Noam, it means agreeableness and grace. Strong wall of grace. And if you take Abigail, it means amen. Her name means father. That is your source. Father of joy. Source of joy. David has lost in that time grace and joy. Brother Bannam said, "What Satan tries to knock out of the church is the true message of grace." And when you're at that point of being killed and stoned, where's grace then? And maybe somebody's in a tight spot this morning. Well, I tell you, David said, "I don't have nothing else to do but seek God." And he turned to the priest. This is the first time we read of David turning to the pe priest when he's in this condition. He was down in Gath. He was down there with for 16 months. And then however long he's in Ziglag, he's he's in the land of the Philistines for 16 months and then he comes to Ziglag. And he's in this condition. We don't hear a word of him asking the priest anything. I want to ask you, why do you allow the situation just to go on and on and on without seeking help? But he asked for the ephod. Bring the heod. And he and he asked, you know, you think God would be offended. What kind of God do we have, brother Donnie? That when David would ask, God would answer right back. Why didn't God tell him? You know what? You're backslid, boy. you're backsliding. Let me just take you out to the woodshed a little bit and just beat you up because I want you to know you haven't lived for me the way you ought to. But you know what David asked? He said, "Should I go after them?" You know what God said? God says, "You're not good enough. I've already chosen someone else. I'm going to get someone else to do the job. You're not good. You've been over here in this bad city condition. you're not good enough. But you know what God said? He said go. But God just don't tell you to go. He gives you a promise. And so I'm sorry. David asked, "Should I pursue?" And God says, "Pursue and you recover." I'm going to go after grace. I'm going to go after joy. Oh, Satan may have took it out. I might have been in a dry place, but I'm going to go after it this morning. But I want to tell you, you will never get from God you're never possessed, which you're unwilling to pursue. You want to just sit in your seat and do nothing about it. Well, I'll just sit there and hope he does something. No, no. You got to go ask him, should I go out? Is it a promise in your word that I should receive the Holy Ghost? Is it a promise in your word that your grace is still for me? Is it promised in your learn that joy is part of my inheritance? Go. Now, that don't mean God made it easy. They had to go after him and men got tired, gave up, and said, "We're too tired to go." Amen. We're going to stay here. So, half of them stayed there. The others that the Bible calls sons of Bile said, "Well, well, we're not going to give them any of the spoils." But grace was starting to overshadow David's life now because he's now hearing from God for the first time in months. And God didn't make it easy on the journey. They don't know whether they're dead or alive. And they find an Egyptian. It's something where sometime good news has to come from or even news because remember it was the Amalachites who done that. We part preached about Jacob and Esau yesterday and and Amal and Amalachites are descended of Esau and Esau is a guy who don't don't want the the birthright. He he despises it. He rejects it and these are his descendants. That spirit just comes right down to the church. Something that despises the birthright and tries to destroy the heritage of it. And here they find an Egyptian laying there and they asked him uh some questions and he began to give him information and he says my master was a Malachite and he said I got too tired and I I I I couldn't go any further so he just left me here. You see Amalachite will use you as long as you're useful. You get too tired, he'll just leave you. That's right. That's right. Huh? You think your friends in the world are really your friends? They're leave you when there's no more use for you. That's right. But here's a David now who's being now he can feel that inspiration coming back. Amen. Should I pursue and he's gone. I'm not going to leave my family behind. I'm going to go after him. And the Bible says they went after him. And you know what? He recovered all. I think it's wonderful that God, Amen, was always there just waiting to be asked. That's good. That's real grace. Amen. Grace never left you. You didn't feel him. You were out of contact with him, but when you sought him, he answered. That should produce humility. He was there all the time. Amen. Friends, we become people of such surface relationships. We only judge by surface things. We quickly leave one thing and go find another. We judge one another by surface. We judge. That's how the message is being judged. They just throw a quote out here, throw a quote out there. Oh, it's wrong. You better leave that. You better leave this. Do you think the scripture says, "Search the internet, for in them you think you have eternal life." Come on. Come on. Do you think the internet you think the Bible says believe the sign and No. The Bible doesn't say it search the scripture for in them you think you have eternal life and they are they that testify of me. Amen. Don't you go looking for the Amalachites to vindicate the word. Amen. The word vindicates the word. I I Amen. I set a timer. I got five minutes. Amen. I come out of a Menite background. My dad's side. All my family Menite. And I remember one day my cousin come to me. He goes, "Hey, Danny." He said, "Are you still preaching?" I said, "Yeah, I'm preaching." He goes, I said, "Why do you ask?" He goes, "Are you preaching what that Brandon preaches?" I said, "Yeah, I'm preaching what that Brandon preaches." I says, "Why do you ask?" He says, "Well, I just want to know." He said, "Because he went." I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "Well, he went to hell. Wow. I said, "You said, "Brother Brandon went to hell." And and he said, "Yeah, he went." I said, "Well, how do you know that?" He goes, I said, "I want to tell you something." I said, "I want to ask you a question. How much do you know about his message?" I said, "Have you read anything that he has said?" He goes, "Well, no." He said, "I haven't." But I said, "My dad read one book and says it's no good." I said, "So, because of one book, you said that man's gone to hell. That's good, brother." I said, "I want to tell you something." I said, "Jimmy," I said, "I want to tell you something. I I said, I'm" and I I I wasn't mad in an angry way, whatever that means, but I hate when we we think we know something. Amen. And and I said, I want to prove to you. I says, "You don't believe your Bible. You only believe what your church tells you." He goes, "Well, that ain't the truth." Well, man, I used to be a man. I know what good trinitarians are. I said I said, "Who do you think made the earth we're on?" He goes, "Well, God did." I said, "But do you know he said Jesus did?" He goes, "Well, that ain't true." I said, "See, you don't believe the Bible." That's right. He made all things and by him all things consist. Now, I didn't have to explain that. Just I just told him that, you know. So, he got mad. I said, "Jimmy, you can't you don't have a right to get mad. You're the one that started it. But I said, I never said you were going to hell, but you said that man's gone to hell, and you hadn't read one thing about him. And that's the laziness of this age. We believe a friend. We're believe a website, but we won't have the guts to go in the word and start studying what it says about it. If there's something in you, if there's even a deep call to the deep, amen, the ephod will still answer back. You better pursue after your soul. Amen. Or there's nothing there to receive it. I say, God, by your grace, you put something in me that loves the message. I don't understand everything about it. And I'm not the most gifted, Amen. guy that can stand up and just explain everything about it. Amen. But there's something in me. Amen. You can try to explain it away and I might look at what you say. Well, I don't really understand what you mean, but I know this. I know what called me. I know what it did for my family. I know what it did in my life. And I want to know this. Nothing happened in the Menite church. Nothing happened anywhere else but God rich in mercy. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Jackie, it's worth it. I've quit. I'm just talking now. I just want to tell you young people, I just want to say this. this works. If you will open up open up the message and go into the go into uh uh 1964 question answers. My grandmother asked brother Brandon a question said I have two daughters married to men and denominations. They've received opposition. What should they do? Brother Bam said just stand fast, show your colors. I don't say go with them and and and fellowship with them. He says cuz you know when it comes to fellowship a dove can't eat with a buzzard. He called my dad a buzzard. You know my dad went to one of brother Brandham's messages. It was called How can I overcome? My mom my mom took him there and my dad being a good Menite did what he does did in the Menite church. He sat on the back row and he slept the whole time. So he he sat and how can I overcome and why brother Brandon is preaching about a lily. Amen. Pushing through the mud and expressing his glory. He's back there. Don't remember a word of it. Amen. I had a grandfather who could quote to you book after book after book. Amen. of of of scripture. He wasn't a preacher, they'd stand him up and he would quote the entire book of Psalms. Oh, isn't this great? Isn't this great? He he and I remember one day as a young man asked, he said, "Grandpa," I said, "Do you do you know what Revelations 10:7 says?" And he, "Uh uh, no, I don't." Said, "Do you know what Malachi 4:5 says?" Uh, no. Uh, I don't believe I do. You see, because memoration memor memorizing something is not revelation. You know, if I set Jesus Christ right here and the devil right here, both of them would know the word just the same. The devil knows the word just as good as Jesus Christ does. But brother Bam said, "You know what the difference between the devil and Jesus was? The devil knew it by intellects. Jesus knew it by experience." Hallelujah. It's not good enough to throw your quotes out there and condemn one another. We must know him in the power of his resurrection. My dad took my mother all over the country trying to get her out of the message. Brother Bam D said he said, "Praise the Lord, it's all over." And he took her back home, found out it just got started. Amen. And he moved her to Florida, moved her to California, bought land in New Mexico, but moved her all over the place trying to get her out. 10 years of my mother gone by herself. And I tell you what, we need more people that have sacrificed something. Amen. To realize what this message means. If you just sit here and don't give anything, you don't give any effort, you don't know what it's worth. It was not cheap to bring this message to us. It meant something. It meant giving up things. It meant our life. You know, I keep the letter of my mother in my Bible. my other one where she was writing someone else and encouraging them because their husband didn't believe and she was talking about how weak she was and how many fears she had and how she was encouraged by her family to leave her husband and she said I just kept going one day at a time I was scared I didn't know this was just a 22 year old girl being pulled all over the country but there had Then something said just stand fast, show your colors. 10 years later after brother Benham said that as I was talking with brother JD back in the office, he was Vietnam vet. My my uncle was a Vietnam vet. He come back. He he was a a hippie. Drugs all his life was messed up. But then God converted him. My mom asked dad, "Can I go? Can I go to the baptism?" My My dad says, "I tell you what, said you go." He said, "But you come back." He said, "I'm gone. The kids are gone. I'm finished with it." Cuz he would kick her out of the house, throw her clothes out, send her back home. He did everything he could. Thought he was doing something for the Lord, being a good Menite, and he wasn't a good one himself. Amen. My mother, not a particularly strong person. She just said, "Well, I'm going to go." You know, brother Donnie, if I was like many people are anymore, I mean, I should be offended that my mother was willing to give me up. You know, I saw on the news some years ago where a boy over in India sued his parents for being born. We're we're I'm sorry, we're stupid. But we live in the past. Well, they you know, they they did this to me and we just live like that. But when she made her stand and and then my dad, he said later in his testimony, he said, "I didn't really mean that. I didn't want to lose my family." Amen. But I was trying to to to stop her. And when when she said, "I'm going to go anyhow, she'd done enough." You see, you just got to stand because there's a promise. Should I pursue? Yeah. Amen. Amen. Pursue. And I'll give a promise with it. You're not running in vain. Amen. You will recover everything. [Music] Oh, the devil's a liar, church. He tries to lie on you and tell you. Amen. I was telling brother Donnie, but I hope this is okay. When my daddy was dying and he's laying in the hospital and I'm I'm there about 4 in the morning and my dad had confessed. He said, "I'm going to I'll come back and finish his testimony." He he confessed he was going to be healed and and everything and and he he believed he was and and go back and pastor the church. And I'm I'm sitting there and the devil moved up because he's he's dying. He's suffering. And the devil moved up and said he preached and he did all of this and he you know you know this message isn't really true. You know what he stood for is not really true. And that fear came in me on me like a flood about four o'clock in the morning. That's when that stuff kind of usually happens. Don't usually happen four o'clock in the afternoon. Yeah. And it was about that time God spoke to me and I said, "Do I look like Longfellow?" No, I don't look like Long Fella. God gave Danny a poem. I didn't give it to you. All right? He just gave it to me. And I'm not going to tell you the whole thing. But what he said was, "Amen. This man has fallen, but he's only fallen asleep." He said, "And he'll rise soon enough." He said, "Satan has lost another one." Amen. You knew see Satan didn't win this battle. Hallelujah. So, amen. Let me go back. When my mother stood and said, "I'm going to go." And then my dad said he put his hands up, began to walk around and cry a little bit. You know, that's what good menite. I'm sorry, Menites. I didn't mean that. Amen. And and so he he said, "I was crying a little bit." And then God just dropped down in the kitchen. He didn't begin to run and shout. He just turned around said, "I'll take you." G. And my dad showed up at my uncle's baptism and everybody got scared because he'd been trying to break up their meetings and they thought he came to break up the baptism. And my daddy walked over to my uncle Sam and he put his hand out and says, "God bless you, Sam." It was just like that. And you want to tell me there's no power in this? My daddy would take me to church. I remember sitting beside him in a car freezing in Ohio and the door would not even be able to shut cuz it's so cold. He's taking me to church and he say now he said no don't you believe what your mama believes she's in a cult. So what do you who do you think I listen to? Daddy or mama? Who had more power in their testimony? All right. You don't think it'd make effect on me when I saw a man who would act the way he would and turn just in a moment that God Amen. would step down onto the scene. Okay, you stood long enough. It's been 10 years. Now let me do the work. If you pursue Amen. You will recover. That's my God. I said that's my God. If he could do it then, he's got to do it now. If he could save then, he's got to save now. Oh, I love him. Don't you love him? Sorry to hold you so long. You're such a good group to preach to. We love you with the love of the Lord. Stand with me. Amen. Amen. I'm so thankful for the word. I'm so thankful for what he's given us. He's so good to us. Yes, sir. Hasn't he been good to you, Brother Harry? You guys know the song Goodness of God? Goodness of God. Yeah. Let's sing that. You want to sing that? Good. Amen. I love you, Lord, where your mercies never fail. [Music] Amen. Amen. Go ahead. I love you, Lord. Bless you, Johnny. For your mercy never failed me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. [Music] Thank you, Lord. moment that I wake up. Oh yes. Until I lay my head, let's just worship. I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. All my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, oh yes. Oh, I will sing. Thank you, Jesus. Of the goodness of God. I love your voice. And whatever your need is today, think of these words you've heard. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. Thank you, Jesus. You were close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Heat. Heat. [Music] I of the goodness. Your goodness is running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after running after. Oh, hallelujah. Maybe he's chasing you down today. His forgiveness, his mercy, his [Applause] lend. Your goodness is running after. Your is running after me. Hallelujah. Your goodness is running after. You're running after me. I go goodness is running after you. It's running after me. With my life laying down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. Martin Luther said, "When I look at myself, I don't see how I could be saved. But when I look at Jesus, I don't see how I could be lost." The man received an understanding of the just shall live by faith. No doubt there's many needs among us today. We want you to just lay hands on one another. If you would take a hand, put it on their shoulder. If it's a wife, you can tuck her by the hand or something like that. Family member, not only those in the visible audience, but those that have streamed the service and those that'll go back and archive it. Whatever your need is. Now, remember, you're not praying for yourself, but you're praying for that person by you. They're praying for you. Heavenly Father, as we've been so blessed these days that we can be together, I believe that we'll look back one day and when we all get up yonder and there'll be some that'll come up and tell brother Danny or brother David, you remember me? I I was at that that youth service. I I was dealing with this and that and I heard Jesus call my name. Father, as we stand here today and we are praying for one another now, we're asking for the sick, the afflicted. Lord God, we're asking for those that maybe are abound by some habit, something that seems to just constantly steal their joy and their peace. Maybe they're mourning today because of victories that are lost. and they find themselves down in Ziglag are under the domain of the king of gas, but they've got Goliath in their life. And by the grace of God, you've killed them before, but they find theirel in bondage again. Lord God, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. May the spirit of God sweep through this building today. Lord, may you bring healing. May you bring deliverance. Father, in the name of Jesus, I pray that some of these people here today will look back and in a day or so they realize that arm that was bothering them, it ain't bothering them no more. Maybe it was lust. Maybe it's a temper. Maybe it's pornography. Lord, you know, we agree together right now and we call on the name of our mighty God, our great elabor, the great deliverer. Heavenly Father, may your presence come and minister healing, minister strength, minister to your people what they have need of today. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we not only ask for it, but now we return and say, "Thank you. You are our healer. You are our deliverer. You're our El Shadi. Jehovah Gyra, Jehovah Shalom, Jehovah Titskanu. Hallelujah. The first, the last, the alpha, the omega, the beginning, and the end. I am he that was dead, but now I'm alive forever more. We worship you today, Lord God. Hallelujah. We praise your name, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you now, Lord. May your presence, Lord, saturate each soldier today, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. We worship you, mighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we just raise our hands now in his presence and let's just worship him together as the children of God. We were lost, but were found. We were without hope, but the God of mercy changed our lives. It seemed for many of us there would be no hope at all. No help but mercy rewrote our lives. Hallelujah. We worship you today, Lord God. We bless your holy name, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. Oh, we praise you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, my God bless you, saints. I love times like this, but this is part of a special meeting I don't like of having to say goodbye. If the Lord carries and we will have another meeting here in July, there'll be people gathered from different places, but no doubt we'll never have another one quite like this one. If we gather here in July, there may be some that's gone on to the Lord and some that maybe has went through terrible things. But aren't you glad that we're living not just for another meeting, another youth rally, but we're believing that eternity is moving closer and closer. We're one meeting closer to eternity. I'd just like to say that we're so grateful for the ministry brothers that have come and prayed. And don't you appreciate men that'll study and just bring something to help the saints of God? Praise the Lord. We're so so grateful and appreciative for the church here, the deacons that helped and and all of those that uh put all the banquet together. So much went on behind the scenes, of course. We're just so thankful for each of them. Uh a lot of the preparation that took place, they were doing it weeks and weeks before. We want to say thank you for each one of those. All the decoration and the trees for those of you that was there at the banquet. It was quite something to see. And I just like to say to all the brothers and those that weren't invited to the banquet, there's many of them came afterwards and and you saw them. They was moving the mulch and the trees and the bushes and the shrubbery and all that. So, we want to say thank you to them. We just want to say how much we appreciate it. Once again, I'd like to say to our Lord Jesus, we've been in our new place here now for two years in February. And for those of you that know, some of you may not, we couldn't have a meeting like this in our old church because we didn't have room. We hadn't had a special meeting in years because we didn't have have the room to put everybody. And I just want to say once again today to the Lord to the Lord how grateful I am that he's given us this place where we could be able to meet together. And it ain't just for us. It's for meetings like this too. I just want to say to him today, thank you. Thank you. I've told our church before that for years we've been robbed of the blessing of hosting a meeting. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of stuff that goes with it. But there's such blessings. And we want to say to you visitors, thank you for coming and making this time special for us. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we want to just thank you, Lord. I believe this will be a hallmark meeting for the lives of many. Lord God, we know that it was directed for the most part to the youth, but I certainly don't fit in that category anymore. But I receive so much from being here, Lord. I thank you. It lets us know how much you love us and how mindful you are of us, Father. Now, as we get ready to depart and some will start driving home today and some maybe leave tomorrow, we pray that you'd watch over them and keep them. What we're longing for, Jesus, is that that morning whenever all of a sudden we'll see our loved ones appear before us and we know it won't be long, we'll be changed. and all the hardships of life and all the difficulties that we've been through and all the ridicule that we've had from those who don't understand. It'll all seem as nothing when we come to the end of the way. May there not be one of these young people missing at that day, Jesus. Father, may each of us that have been touched by your presence here these days we've had together be living testimonies. No doubt there's people alive today that are here that will be alive when the rapture takes place. May we be faithful. Strengthen us. Give us what we have need of Lord as we go from this place we ask in the name of Jesus. And the saints of God said amen. Saints of divorce. How many can say it's been good to be here. Would you just Would you mind just doing one more thing before we go? Just turn around and shake hands with a few people there with you. Just tell them it's good to see you today. It's been good to be here. Amen. Want to say how much we appreciate all the musicians as well and all the special songs, the practice and all that they done. Thank you each of you, the sisters that helped with the food and served and all of that. I I don't want to leave anybody out. Just want you to know that we do appreciate it with all of our hearts. Until we meet again, may God be with you and keep you by his grace. And if we don't meet again in this life, we'll see you over yonder. Brother Rob. All right. Lunch be ready for the youth 13 and up. So don't forget over in the fellowship hall, let's sing this little course this morning. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all he's done for us. Well, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found restore. Lord, I give you [Music] thanks. You get to simply carry on through life's toys and test the worst and best. I'm never left alone. You're always right beside me. You hear me when I pray. Since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. I give you all the praise. Want to say thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh, Lord, I give you thanks. Give you thanks this moment and I will continually for each day I live. Your grace you give. I'm blessed abundantly. [Music] I can't forget that moment when in my life you made such a change cuz your spirit came. I've never been the same. I want to give you thanks. We want to say thanks. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I'll give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I'll give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found a rest. Oh Lord, I'll give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. We want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music]
