################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.69 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.69
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr0XTMfitZk
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Oh, you Heat. Heat. [Music] He has risen from the dead and he is [Music] [Applause] Lord. Every knee shall bow. every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's sing it to him now. Yes, he is Lord. Oh, he is Lord. [Music] Yes, he has risen from the dead and is Lord. We shall [Music] bow that Jesus Christ is Lord. One more time. Yes, he is. [Music] For he is for He has risen from the dead and he's Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every [Music] time that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. Can you say, "Praise the Lord." Give him a good hand clap of praise this morning if you love him. Amen. Isn't it ain't it a privilege to be back in the house of God today? Amen. We had some beautiful weather this week. Today's a beautiful day to come to the house of the Lord to worship him in spirit and in truth. Look at your neighbor. Tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God this morning. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in service with each and every one of you today. I believe we're going to have a good time. Don't you? How many of you come expecting a good time in the Lord? How many of you come going to make a contribution to this service? Well, it wasn't near as many hands went up. How many of you going to make a real good contribution to this service today? Praise the Lord. We'll get out of it just what we put in it. And remember, whatever you're going to do today, make it worth your while because you're trading a day of your life for whatever you're going to do today. So you remember that, okay? You're trading a day of your life for whatever happens today. I want to make something good happen for the Lord. Don't you? Praise the Lord. What a privileged people we are. Do you believe that? Has he been good to you today? Hallelujah. Blessed be the Lord. Yes, he is Lord. Sing it to him. Oh, he is Lord. For he has risen from the dead and he is [Music] Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. God bless you today. If we have visitors in our midst today, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have each and every one of you here with us today. all of our streamers locally and around the world. We want to say God bless all those wonderful folks. Give all those folks a good hand this morning if you would. Praise the Lord. We're going to look at our prayer request this morning. Have a few needs we want to let you know about. Just commit all these things unto the Lord. Sister Mary Anthony wants us to continue to pray for her sister April Weisner as she will be staying in the hospital as long as needed. please pray for her husband Chris and daughter Charlotte. God will work out some things for them. We just committed unto the Lord. Sister Sherry Hayden says to please pray for my sister Mity. She has cancer and will be having surgery on Wednesday. So, we want to remember that prayer request today. As we pray, Brother Baker wants to thank everyone who prayed for him and give him some help while he was sick. The Lord bless you all. Such a wonderful church family. So, they're thankful for that this morning. want to remember Sister Linda Loris recovering in rehab for a few days. Hopefully, she can come home with home health care. So, let's pray for Sister Linda that the Lord would would be so mindful of her. Uh Danny Henson is in the hospital asked for prayer this morning. Brother Don Cooper sends that in. So, we want to remember that prayer request today as we pray. And today is a very special day, April the 6th. Uh today's brother Brandham's birthday. Amen. Brother Brandham's birthday. April the 6th. So we just want to remember that and so thankful to be called out by a message that was brought by a prophet messenger. I'm not one bit ashamed of it. I am very proud to be identified with this message. How about you? Are you glad to be identified with it? Praise the Lord. A lot of people look at us and feel sorry for us. And that's all right. We may we may be pitiful, but I'm going to tell you something. We've got something that the world didn't give us and something that the world can't take away. Not no denomination in the world can come up with what God's done for his people. Right? Do you believe that with all your heart? Give him a good hand clap of praise this morning. Somebody say hallelujah. Amen. Let's stand to our feet this morning if you will. Let's sing that little chorus together one more time. For he is Lord. Everybody wants a savior at some point in time, but I want him to be the Lord of my life. How about you? Somebody say, "It's the truth anyhow." Amen. For he is Lord. Yes, he is Lord. Oh, he has risen from the dead, brother Malachi. For he is [Music] Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. Appreciate Brother Malachi Spitzer. Don't we give him a good hand this morning if you would? Amen. Let's just take these knees to the Lord. Dear Lord, we thank you for another opportunity to come into your house, Lord. And we you're so grac gracious to us, Lord, for allowing us to be here. Lord, we ask you to come here today. And Lord, may you just take these prayer requests and Lord, you know every need here, even the unspoken. Lord, I pray for the the ones that are in the hospital, the ones that are at a home that can't make it, and the ones that are going through hard trials. Lord, I pray that you would just give them strength, give them healing, Lord. Give them what they need, Lord. And Lord, we we ask you to come into this building today. May you anoint this atmosphere that we're in now. And may you just use the minister in such a way that he's never been used before. May you speak to the need. Speak to our hearts here today, Lord. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. God bless you. Amen. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the morning tithe and offering. You give us unto the Lord once again if you're visiting. God bless you. We're we're so glad to have you with us today. Let's sing an old song of the church. Been sung for hundreds of years, but I still believe it today. There's power in the blood. Do you believe it with all your heart? His blood. That's why we're saved because of the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. But you are evil of victory when there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your passion and [Music] pride? Sing it. Come for a cleansing to Calvar's tide. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now would you be wider, much whiter than snow? Oh, now sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. Oh, sing it to him. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power. The preious blood of the lamb because it reaches to the high this mountain. Oh, and it flows to the low lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to [Applause] day. It'll never lose its power. Sing it to him now. Oh, because it reaches to the high highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the low lowest valley. Sing it. song. It'll never lose its power. You got to sing that one more time with all your heart. Oh, because it reaches. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the blood, Lord Jesus. Yes, it flows to the Lord is th brother George and sister Tama. All the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose. I said it will never lose. Thank God it will never lose its power. Oh, give him a good hand clap of praise this morning if you love him. Give our singers a nice hand as they get ready to sing. You can be seated. God bless you. [Music] He called me out upon the waters the great unknown where feet may fail. And there I find you in the mystery in oceans deep. My faith will stand and I will call upon your name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. [Music] Oh. Oh. Your grace abounds in deepest waters. Your sovereign hand will be my guide. where feet may fail and fear surrounds me. You've never failed and you won't start now. So I will call upon your [Music] name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. [Music] Oh. Oh. Oh. Lord, you you're mine. Oh. Oh. Oh. [Music] Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders. Let me walk upon the waters wherever you would call me. Take me deeper where my feet could ever wonder and my faith will be made stronger in the presence of my savior. Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders. Let me walk upon the waters wherever you would call me. Lord, take me deeper than my feet could ever wonder. And my faith will be made stronger in the presence of my savior. Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders. Let me walk upon the waters wherever you would call me. Lord, take me deeper than my feet could ever wonder. and my faith will be made stronger in the presence of my savior. I will call upon your name and keep my eyes above the waves. My soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. I am yours and you are mine. Lord, I am yours and you are mine. [Music] God bless you. Just want to say thank you for praying for me during all this mess. And woke up this morning actually. And if you see me teetering, it's not because I'm ttering. Just woke up a little dizzy. So, um, that devil, do you love him? Isn't he wonderful? Tremendous. Tempted and tried. We're all made to wonder why it should be thus all the day long. While there are others living about us, never more less still. Though in the wrong, Father along will know all about it. Father along will understand why. So cheer up my brother and my sister. Live in the [Applause] sunshine. We'll understand it all by and by. Faithful to death. Our loving master, a few more days to labor and wait for wheel that seem as nothing when we swing through those beautiful games. Amen. Oh, father along we know all about it. Father along will understand why you and my brother. Oh, we'll understand it all by and by. When death has come and taken our loved ones, it leaves our own so lonely and true, doesn't it? Then do we wonder why others prosper living so wicked year after year. Father along we know about it. Father alone will understand why two of my brother and my sister live in the sunshine. We'll understand it all by him. Help me sing. Father long. Oh, father alone will know about it. Father alone will understand why. Cheer up my brother and my sister. Live in the sunshine. We'll understand it. We'll understand it. Oh, we'll understand it all by [Applause] Brother Harold Brown said one time after he heard Brother Joel Brown sing that song that he never did really even like that song. cuz it was so slow and so draggy and so sad. But the Lord used our brother to turn it into a good happy song. 116 years ago today, a wee baby boy was born and a light come in the window and hung over him. Anybody know who that might be? You're Elijah. Oh my goodness, brother Donnie. You're going to say that while we talk about your birthday. What's the problem talking about Elijah's birthday? I'm so grateful that God sent us a messenger with a message. Amen. Where would we be today? What kind of church would this be? How would you sisters be looking? How would us men be looking? Tattoos from head to toe, earrings coming to church and shorts on and don't tell them where we would be. Thank God for Elijah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I was looking at it this morning and whenever he told about going beyond the curtain of time and when he saw those millions of people that were there, they told him, "If you had not come, we would not have been here." Malachi says, "If I don't send Elijah, I'll bring a curse on the earth. Amen. We've been set free from that curse, church. Amen. We're so grateful. Let's read today second Peter if you would, chapter 1, verse 2. Certainly nice to see all of you today. What a privilege it is for us to be able to gather together in the house of the Lord. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power, sir, hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him. Notice knowledge in verse two, knowledge again in verse three. through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature. Notice that nature is not plural. So we're not divine natures but partakers of the divine nature one which is God. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust and beside this giving all diligence add to your faith. We've looked at this word several times but let's look at it again if you don't mind. minister nourishment to supply, furnish, ministered unto or assisted. So the foundation is faith. Then when it grows, it ministers to the next virtue, to the next, to the next. Greek, it is in the possession of your faith, minister virtue. and to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance, patience, and to patience, godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. So each step being assumed, it's like climbing a ladder. You start on the bottom, that one assumed, climb up to that one, that one, that one, until you reach the very top. God caps off our life or positionally places us by his adoption. How many like to be remembered today as we pray? God bless each of you. Father, we so love you today. We're grateful for all your gifts that you've given to us, Lord. Life, health. We even thank you for the trials that you and your wisdom allow us to go through. Father, we just pray that you would help us today as we endeavor to look into your word. We believe in words are power, in words are health, in words are deliverance, in words can bring contention, division or safety and peace. So we want to be a people that evaluates our words. Help us today, Father. Open our hearts to the word of God. Help me to get out of the way, Lord Jesus, to speak to us. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. So we're born lost basically without a hope in this world unregenerate fallen nature messed up terrible crossing of your mother's nature with your father's nature and your grandfather and your grandmother. You have a pool, a DNA pool, a gene pool by which all of these things can come. Then you've got the other aspect of it which is your human nature. You take on the nature of those that are behind you. And then we come with flaws, faults, shortcomings, insecurities. As we go in life, we have all these fears, complexes that we all have to deal with. Some of them are born with, some of them we inherit. Some of them are made to us by the way people treat us. And it would seem as if though no doubt it would be nearly impossible for God to ever do anything with that type of a mess. But yet we look around today and see what he has done through all of us. We're a picture of grace, are we not? Then when God of course being the one who knew this would happen, not causing man to fall, not causing man to go this way, but knowing that man would, then he must make a way to where that man can be brought back and not only brought back to just being a pretty good sort of a human, a pretty good woman, pretty good man, but actually to make them to be partakers of the divine nature, to change them in such uch a way that deity will be able to reside in their bodies and they would become a house of God, a temple of the Lord. Now, for example, when we come into this place, a place set aside for church where we pray, we worship, we hear the word preach, we pray for the sick and all of that, most of you brothers that wear a hat on the outside, you'd never darken that door. And if you did, you just forgot about it. You'd reach up there and grab it. Oh my, I can't believe I've left my head on. You'd never bring your breakfast in here and sit down and eat it. You'd never come in here and sit down and tell joke jokes or be disrespectful in the house of God. That's good. We should do that. But what about this house that we live in every day? Cuz one day this building here will be annihilated when the bomb hits and when the destruction goes to wiping out our nation. The Lord Jesus is not coming for this building. We're thankful for it. We appreciate him giving it to us, but he's not coming for this building. He's coming for these right here. So, we would respect this like that and would be so careful what we would say, how we would behave, and what we would do. Then what about this body right here, which is a temple of the Holy Ghost? Now, I've been in here many, many times working when we was building the church here before a lot of the brothers would get here. Sometimes before daylight, laying stone, staining this, these rails, all this stuff up here. Nobody here but me. And I believe Jesus was here, but he wasn't here because so much it was dedicated. It wasn't even dedicated yet. But the reason I know he was here cuz I brought him with me. So, this sheetrock could have wound up in a honky tonk. This carpet could have wound up in a motel. This walnut right here could have wound up in a five-star resort or whatever more, but it wound up being here. But what changes it and makes it a hallowed sacred place? It's because we dedicate it for that purpose. Then we come together enveloped in his presence and he loves to be where his children are. So then you mean a simple dedication prayer and us changing the way that we look at it. Now if you'd been here when this building was being built and the brothers would come in and they'd paint and lay stone, lay carpet and they would laugh and they would talk, they would eat their lunch in here sometimes or or get them a drink and you know they'd drink their seven up or their coke or eat snacks and whatever. Yeah, that's what happened right here. Why? It was a building site. But once we crossed a line, we crossed a line and that line was getting closer and closer by every piece of carpet that the brothers lay and every seat. I remember when we come in, you're lining out the seats and getting everything ready and the anticipation was building because we knew it wasn't going to be long and boy did we want to get out of the holiday in. We were grateful for it, but it ain't like being here, is it? And everything we was doing was getting closer and closer. The handrails had to be redone to meet the city's stipulations. So, we got that done. And then we get this done. We get one inspection after another after another. And then when they finally give us the certificate of occupancy and Michael laid it back on my desk and I walked in there, I'll tell you what, I about had me a spell. It might have been in the flesh, but it still felt really good because I thought about all the different things we went through. And you realize that's what God wants to do to each of us. So, he's molding, he's shaping, and he's making us into his image. And God wants to give us individually our our paper, our seal of occupancy, which is the token. So, it shows that now this has been transformed. It is no longer just a place where we're just working and we're beating and hammering and laying stone and laying carpet and finishing and so on and so on. But we have a right to be able to assemble together to worship, to pray. Now, thank God for justification. Thank God for sanctification. Thank God for people, you know, the Lord moving on their hearts and changing their lives and oh, praise the Lord. I went down to the altar and I got saved. That's wonderful. Oh, God helped me to lay aside smoking and I laid aside this and that. That's another wonderful grace of God. But don't stop there. What you want is your certificate of occupancy to where the Holy Ghost can come inside of you. And he don't just anoint your flesh and make you cry and make you feel good and make you worship and then when the church service is over that anointing leaves your flesh and you don't feel it again till it comes back on you. There's such a difference in that. That's the way the Old Testament prophets had it. It would move on them and then it would leaves them. Move on them again and then it would leaves them. But the Holy Ghost by the baptism in the New Testament will come to reside in us forever. For those of you that's got the Holy Ghost today, do you realize that is your part of deity and that is your part and you will never lose that? That will be yours through eternity. It's your part of theos. Theos is the Greek word means God. So it is that's where the word we get theology from. So it is your part of the godhead. It is your part of the deity of almighty God. And you know it's a sad thing to me that people go through their life and still wonder, have I got the Holy Ghost? Am I truly born again? I don't know if I am or I'm not. Oh no, brother Donny's preaching this about the virtues and it's confusing me cuz I'm not sure. Well, it's not meant to confuse you. It's meant to help you to see where you are so you can have an identification and know where to go. You've heard me use the example before. If you go into a mall and you're looking for a certain store and you enter into the east side and you walk in, you walk in the double doors, Johnson City Mall, for example, whichever mall you go to, and they'll have a little sign there, a little display, you are here. Well, if you're wanting to go to Bel, he'll send you this. Well, you want to go there or send you that way. It don't do you no good to have a map there if you don't know where you are. Then once you find out where you are, then you're able to look and see. Okay, so I've got faith. I believe that he is and that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. And I believe that he's my savior, my redeemer. I'm no longer a sinner, but I have been changed by the power of God. But I do need help with more virtue. I do need help with more knowledge, with more temperance, with more godliness, with all these great virtues. And that don't that don't don't mean to discourage you and to try to pull you down. That's simply to help you to realize where you are and what you need more of. Now remember, when you truly receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, what happened was that day on Calvary, it was the bursting of the blood cell which opened up the chemistry of the blood and released the life of God out of the chemistry. Now remember, the chemistry of the blood did not come from Mary, but it was a created life from God. And God hid his own life inside the chemistry of the blood of the Lord Jesus unlike mine and your blood which was contaminated by sex desire. His blood was a created blood, a holy blood. And the church said, "So there was no egg from Mary, nothing from Mary at all." And we know Joseph had absolutely nothing to do with it. But Mary was an incubator. So the spirit of God, the Holy Ghost overshadowed Mary and created in her both egg and life blood cell hemoglobin. And by doing that, God inserted his own life into the creation of the chemistry of the blood. Now remember the blood was always the significant sign of God's redemption from the Old Testament on Adam and Eve of course in the Garden of Eden and God broke the blood cell of a lamb, pull the skin off, gave them a wrapping to be able to hide their nakedness. Abel wasn't there but God revealed to him the same thing. But it was a a blood that had come from an animal which did not have a soul. So when the blood cell of the sheep was broken, there was nothing that would change or modify man's nature. So the man could lay his head his hands on the head of the lamb and he could say, "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. This little lamb's going to have to die for me." And the priest would take the knife and slit its throat and the little lamb until the gurgling would finally choke his voice out. But there was nothing that could come out of the lamb that would change the worshipper. So the blood was simply a paint and they painted over the doorpost or they take and sprinkle it toward the altar seven times. But when the lamb of God died on the cross, it was not a an an ordinary lamb, but it was God's created lamb. And when his blood cell broke open and he hid it in such a mysterious form that the devil never recognized what God was doing. Now remember in that blood was the purging of your conscience. In that blood was the sanctifying which would take a building, you know, like this one, sheetrock and and plastic and wood and metal and stone and mortar and concrete and this and that and be able to transform it from building material into a place that almighty God can come and be in our midst. And he has been, has he not? Well, you take blood and tissue and bones and organs and and hair and follicles and this and that and the other and the spirit of God comes inside that body and transforms it from a man or a woman that was born by sex desire into a tabernacle of the living God. Now, it does not come just by well, I believe in the blood. That's not it. It does not come. Well, I accept Jesus as my savior and that remits my sins and that makes me a new person. You're not truly even converted till you get the Holy Ghost. Now, that's Satan's way of making it an easy belieism in this day to where people, well, I accept him as my savior and I'm going in the rapture. You're not going to the rapture just because you accept him as your savior. You've got to have the occupancy certificate stamped on your soul, which is the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is why the prophet could tell us that the bride is blood relation as we're looking at it Wednesday night to the Lord Jesus. as Abraham's son Isaac and his wife to be Rebecca were blood relation. That was by natural blood. But we are blood relation to the Lord Jesus because we're partakers of the same divine nature. And when we receive the true baptism of the Holy Ghost in our soul, it was the same spirit of God that was in him. And he broke it open that it could come for us in the multiplied form. He was the first one to have it that way, but he was not the last one. As a matter of fact, Paul said he was the firstborn among many brethren. Well, listen to me. Then the Bible goes on to call you and I the church of the firstborn. So, it started out with one firstborn, but since that day of Pentecost, there's been millions of them down through time. Aren't you glad we're part of the church of the firstborn? You see, that puts every one of us first generation children. I've got the same Holy Ghost that Peter had. You've got the same Holy Ghost and first century Christians had because it was the breaking of the blood cell. Then notice with that when that comes inside of you, the potential of everything you will ever be. Now, whenever I was born in July the 9th, 1956, and mom and daddy had a little baby boy, everything that I would ever be as far as a man, they was there. The potential was there. Later on that afternoon down in Clinton County, Carol was born on the same day, a few hours later, and the very potential of everything she would ever be was in her, too. Yet, it took years for it to be able to come out. And we think, well, that's common, isn't it? It is. Well, when the spirit of God comes in us by the true baptism of the Holy Ghost and the life of the blood comes in you, everything you will ever need is in you then in seed form. But it may take decades for that to be able to grow and mature and for you to be able to understand who you are. Now, saying all that, let's read this. Now we put the blood of Jesus Christ in. See that brings the faith of Jesus Christ, the virtue of Jesus Christ, the knowledge of Jesus Christ, the temperance of Jesus Christ, the patience of Jesus Christ, the godliness of Jesus Christ, the brotherly kindness of Jesus Christ, and the love of God, which is Jesus Christ. So, if you've got the Holy Ghost today, you've got every one of those virtues in you in seed form. Oh, brother Donnie, how long will it take me? Well, that'll depend on a lot of things. It'll depend on how fast you can grow, how fast you can give up things, how fast you can die to yourself. It can vary from 2 years to 20 to 30 to 70 to 80. A lot of it depends on you and I. And a lot of it also depends on God's predestinated plan for our lives. Myself, I've been walking in a spot with the Lord in the last 3 to four years that I've never been before in my entire life. I've learned things about him. I've learned to trust him. And I heard brother Brand was say it the other day in Phoenix and and power to transform, power transformation. And he was talking about sister Florence Shakaren and how that she had died. And he said, "Brother Deeus, we need to pray for him because he's got so much going on." Brother Ram said, "I know how to relate to that. I lost my mother, my brother, my wife, my daughter." He said, "But then so many days." And you can only know how to feel for people, he said, when you go through it. Now, it's easy for us to walk up and tell people, you know, they lose a loved one. God bless you. God bless you. I'm praying for you. You know, we feel for you. And we do as brothers and sisters. But if you've never lost your wife, you really don't know how they feel. You've never lost a son or a daughter, you really don't know that feeling. Can anybody say amen? Now, can you imagine God himself did not know how we felt by feeling until he became one of us? Then once he became one of us, the Lord Jesus actually suffered not only sickness and disease and all of that, but he suffered temptation. Now, any of you that's ever been tempted hard knows that there is a suffering that comes with temptation. So, it's your mind. It's your body. There's so much stuff that comes with it. And the Lord God knew it. Sure, he was all knowing, but he did not know it by feeling. So, he had to feel it himself. Tempted by women, tempted by drinking, tempted in all points like as we are, yet without sin. in order to become a faithful high priest for the sake of his brethren. And because the brethren became flesh, he also wanted to become flesh. And in order to do that, so when you go to him that he could understand exactly how you feel. Then he turns right back around and lets the blood cell be broken open, which releases the very life of God. Now watch. He says whatever that comes in you, he's the head that controls you and your feet is the foundation controlled by the head. There you are. There is the perfect man of God when he possesses these virtues. Not when you sing, not when you preach, not when you cast out devils. We believe in all the above, do we not? That's not the perfect man of God. Oh, brother Donnie, I pray for the lame and they walk. I pray for the blinded eyes and they've seen. That's wonderful to do that. But there'll be people that'll stand before the white throne and say the same thing and be cast into hell. So, I know that it's easy for us to put the emphasis on the bride's revival being this, this, this, this, and the bride will do this, and the bride will say certain things, and we've had all those down through the years. But this is what God's prophet said. I'll take his word over anyone else's. Amen. There is the perfect man of God when he possesses these virtues. And the word of life said when you have knowledge, you say, "Well, I don't know whether the scripture is just right." Now, here's Acts 2:38. I don't know. How does it go with it? Acts 28:19. All right. Don't add nothing now cuz you ain't got it yet. Now, what he's showing us is that whenever we get our faith and our virtue, and then we're going to go to the next step, be sure you add the right knowledge. Cuz there's two kinds. Yeah. There's two kinds of faith, two kinds of virtue, two kinds of knowledge, two kinds of temperance, two kinds of godliness. Oh my. Two kinds of patience, two kinds of brotherly kindness. You see, they are twins. God has one and the devil has a mimic, a copy which he will try to have the people, especially the bride people, and have them to try to build their temple out of the twin material. And they say, "I've got faith. I've got virtue. I've got knowledge. I've got temperance. I've got glory to God. I've got it. Yes, sir. I've got it." But which one is it? Which one is it? Is it the word born or is it the twin knowledge? Oh hallelujah. Now notice how he goes into this and what he watch as he brings the the twins into view. When you have knowledge you say well I don't know whe the scriptur is just right. So you mean you can have an element of knowledge and you will still question the scripture. You can have a knowledge of the message and still question the message because it's sort of like a smorgus board to you. I like this. I don't like that. I like this. I don't like that. That's not a god of knowledge. Don't add that. But friends, the problem is that's why a lot of the message people have been through years. That's why they've come and fell. They've got saved. They've got all all fired up about the message. And where are some of them today? They don't even believe it. Some of them don't even believe in God no more. Why? because they built their house out of a structure which was not correct and they used all twin material. Oh my. Notice he said because you haven't got knowledge enough to know of God that the Bible doesn't contradict itself. Leave it alone. Don't say no more about it. See leave it alone. But when you can see that the scripture is not contradictory, then you can say and you can see the revelation of God. The whole word is wrote in mysteries. And this is why people don't understand it. The whole word is wrote in mysteries. And only the knowledge of God can reveal it. But now the twin to that knowledge will say, "Yeah, well sure. Yeah. I mean, you know, I know the dates brother was born a certain certain day. Seals open on this certain day. He preached this on this certain day. He went there on this certain day. This happened, that that's a knowledge of the message. But can you be able to say, but he also said go to church. Oh, no, no, no, no. That that don't apply to me. I press play. I would like for somebody to send me that quote, please. Press play and obey. You see, that is a man-made quote. That's right. Amen. Yes, sir. It's not a Malachi 4 quote. Cuz when I press play, I hear him say, "If you got the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost goes to church." Well, praise the Lord. I realize there's people that live in areas and they ain't got no church to go to. That's why we have streaming. But it's not because they don't believe in going to church. They ain't got one to go to. But now thing that Satan loves if he sees us going in this way and he sees the message people that okay okay yeah right okay the prophet said that so if Satan can't stop you from believing that truth most denominational people that never even understand anything about this at all then what would he try to do to us give us a twin of faith a twin of virtue a twin of knowledge and it'll look so much like the real thing. Only those with the Holy Ghost will be able to tell the difference. Oh my. Somebody say, "Preach, Brother Donnie." Thank you. Oh, you're getting to be a pretty good man right now. You're coming up. See, with what? With faith, then with virtue, then knowledge. See how it's building this man? You can see there's no way of escaping it. This is the way to become in the full stature of Christ. Isn't that what we want? To judge. Judge right. Judge whether it's right or wrong. To believe God's word. And you know what's that friend? There's millions of Christians, millions of Christians that do not judge God's word to be right. How many women got up behind pull pits today to preach? You know why she does that? She don't judge God's word to be right. But yet says she's preaching God's word. Come on. Come on. I suffered not a woman to teach, nor to assert authority over a man. Let your women keep silence in the church as also saith the law. 1 Corinthians 14:34, 1 Timothy 2, and the word of life church said, "Amen." Sisters, you can preach to you young ones. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. And yet there's men that got up today to preach, but instead of having a wife, they have a husband. And poor blind lay to see and sat there and vote them in hell bound, abomination in the eyes of God. Well, glory. Why they don't judge God's word, right? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Baptizing titles. Oh, we don't need the name. Oh, yeah, we do. But you know why we can see it that way? The knowledge of God helps us to be able to tie Matthew 28:19 right with Acts 2:38 and say they're saying the same thing. Matthew 28:19 is the mysterious form. Acts 238 is the plain form revealed. Well, glory to God. Hallelujah. Why? Knowledge of God. But worldly knowledge will say, well, they only they only told that to the Jews cuz the Jews had crucified Jesus and and they was making them be baptized in Jesus' name. It's a twin, ain't it? Oh my. You see, it's building this man into the image of what God wants it to be. And then it will take all these building materials from the divine nature of God. Now watch, he goes on to say to judge whether it's right or wrong whether I should serve a creed or serve God. Judge, oh my. Should I be born again or join a church? It's evident what a lot of folks are choosing. Yeah. Yes, sir. They join our church. Judge, right? When the preacher says the days of miracles is passed, the Bible said Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. What does your knowledge about that say? Now, which are you going to believe when you say, "I'll take God." Now, you don't say just to say that, "Well, I'll take it just from your heart." But something in you, your faith pushes out there. There you are. Your faith says, "I know that he's the same. I've witnessed him the same." Come on, somebody. I'm not just quoting you a scripture today. We have witnessed our God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We have seen him miraculously heal people. We have seen him raise the dead. We have seen him change lives. Oh my, there's nothing can take it away from you. I know he's real. Then add that to your faith. Lay it down on the foundation. So let's take a little scriptural journey for a little bit now on this word knowledge. For some, you know, it's like, well, you go to talk of knowledge and they they think about science and education. I ain't talking about nothing like that. You might be as dumb and you couldn't even know a verb from an adverb or an adjective or whatever more. And yet, you've got a divine knowledge of God that a theologian couldn't even touch. And somehow people get it in their mind only the preacher should know the word. Now, where does the Bible say that? I wonder what kind of church we'd have if you all would start committing to reading five chapters a day. Brother Donnie, what about my Facebook? Exactly what I'm talking about. Eliminate your Facebook. Keep your face out of that book. Put your face in this book. We'd be a whole lot better off. My my preach, Brother Donnie. I'm with you, brother Donnie. Proverbs chapter 9:10. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the knowledge of the holy is understanding. So the knowledge of the holy is understanding. So real true knowledge from God doesn't just puff us up and make us smarter and know more about it. But that knowledge is actually understanding. Do you realize a lot of things when you're going through things in life and you just don't understand where you are that what you need to pray for is godly knowledge. Cuz that godly knowledge will open up and give you an understanding. It might come and you listen to a tape. How come you pick up your Bible to read? Might come from a service. I've even had God to speak to me passing by Baptist church signs or church of Christ or Methodist or whatever. I'm a child of truth. So I'll take truth from any source. Don't matter to me. It don't have to be a message church and need to take a scripture off of a church sign. And somebody said, "I'm a child of truth. All truth belongs to me." Notice now Proverbs 11:9. Now, if I go too fast for you, all these scriptures that we're going to look at, we'll have it on the website. An hypocrite with his mouth destroyth his neighbor. I'm going to preach like, of course, that these negative sides of these scriptures don't apply to none of our people here because we just got little holy angels that come to church here. I wish a hypocrite with his mouth destroyth his neighbor. But through knowledge shall the just be delivered. So with the right type of godly knowledge, it will deliver the just. Oh, it ain't no wonder God wants to add this to our statute. Proverbs 13:16, "Every prudent man dealeth with knowledge, but a fool layth open his folly." And it's evident less is one of the foolish ages that ever lived on the earth. Well, praise the Lord. Proverbs 14:18, "The simple inherit folly, but the prudent are crowned crowned with knowledge. And remember, not scientific knowledge. And it's not even it's not even necessarily Bible knowledge, but it's godly Bible knowledge. Not just something so you can quote scripture and quote this type and that type, but something that is beneficial to you. And once you realize how beneficial is you to being a Christian, you want to share that same knowledge with others because you'll say, "It might help my brother. It might help my sister." Praise be to God. Notice he says again, Proverbs 15:2, "The tongue of the wise uses knowledge a right, but the mouth of fools pourth out foolishness." Yep. This is a good scripture for Leia. Amen. Social media is full of these guys. The mouth of fools is full of foolishness and it pours out foolishness, don't it? Come on, church. Don't get quiet on it. Proverbs 15:7, "The lips of the wise disperse disperse knowledge, but the heart of the foolish doeth not so." Proverbs 17:27, "He that hath knowledge, blabber is a blabbermouth, talks 90 miles an hour, never stops." Well, I reckon we can dismiss if y'all's going to tighten up on me. He that hath knowledge spareest his words. And a man of understanding. I love this. A man of understanding is of an excellent spirit. A man of understanding. Oh God help us all. God help us all. Proverbs 18:15. The heart of the prudent getst knowledge, and the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge. Proverbs 22:17, "Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge." Proverbs 24:4, "And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches." Oh my goodness. I wish we would take this to heart today and start filling the chambers of our minds, our souls, our conversation with great treasures instead of hearay gossip lies. Amen. Right. And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches. A wise man is strong. Yay. A man of knowledge increasth strength. Can't you see why the modern Leodysia Christians never grow beyond the cross? Why? because they're taught they've got everything they know. Everything they know. So just the blood, the cross, forgiveness, mercy. They know nothing about the great treasures of God because that's as far as they go and they just say, "Well, praise God. I'm saved. I'm going to heaven and I'm just trying to do the best I can. You know, kind of live as good a life as I can." And they never go beyond it. Friend, what's even to me worse than that is people sent around the message with the same attitude. And yet Solomon said, "A wise man is strong. Yay. A man of knowledge increase the strength. How in the world could that be that you actually increase your strength by what you know about God's word? Yeah. Isaiah 5:13, therefore my people are gone into captivity because they have no knowledge. Knowledge not only sets you free, it keeps you free. Wow. Thank you, Lord. That was a good one. Let me repeat it again. Knowledge not only will set you free, it will keep you free. Why do doctrines come up and all kinds of church deals and all that and some go this way and some go that way? Lack of knowledge. If you knew what God's word taught, you'd know how to stand. You'd know how to deal with divisions and so on in a church or even in your family and know where it's coming from. Come on, somebody. But instead, we get captivated by gossip or captivated by a false doctrine. Woo. Therefore, my people, notice God is calling this people his people. My people are gone into captivity because they have no knowledge. And their honorable men are famished and their multitude dried up with thirst. Isaiah 28:9. Whom shall he teach knowledge? And whom shall he make to understand doctrine? Here we go. them that are weaned from the milk and drawn from the breast. Them that are weaned from a bottle and a paci. We got Christians sitting around the church that's been sucking on a paci for the last 50 years of their life. They're babies. You preach the word and they get mad and pout and won't come back. Here we go. Everybody, y'all ready or not? Here I come. I want people in this church that don't want to be a 785 lb spiritual baby. And I've got to change your dirty der. And I've got to change your milk and your formula. Come on, somebody. Now, if you're born 175 lbs and you're just about 7 years old and you're 785, I'll give you a little bit of time. But if you was born about 76 and you're about 395 years old and that's as big as you are, I say shame on you. You're still sucking on that thing. Oh, hallelujah. The Lord Jesus ain't coming for a little girl to be a bride. He ain't coming for a baby out of a cradle to be a bride. He wants a mature woman that will stand up against death and sickness and disease and trouble and say, "I am grown up, devil. I'm not sucking on the pacifier no more." Love the message. Folks have sucked on a bottle so long they're as buck tooththed as a beaver. They they couldn't even talk to them because they've been throwing on their balls too long. Well, it's time for you to take your bottle out of your baby bag. Good Lord. That John the Baptist thing comes in here just every now and then. I don't know where it comes from. [Applause] Whom shall he teach knowledge? Lord God, children, how can we say we're ready for a rapture? And we're still babying around, toying around with gifts, playing with this doctrine, playing with that doctor, playing with this man's personality. Let's not be kids. Let's grow up. Yeah. Jeremiah 3:15. Wow. That John the Baptist thing come in here right at the right time, didn't it? I'll give you pastors according to mine heart which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding. How many knows it's true? God does that. This is God saying it. You don't like it, debate it with him. My knowledge tells me this is ongoing right now. Thank God for the tapes. Thank God for the books. But you ever sat down and try to have counsel from a tape? You ever face an issue in your life and you don't have the answer and you do you do the search everywhere and look for quotes to figure it out and you can't find it. Don't you understand? That's why God has men on the earth that are gifted to be able to help the people resolve their problems and their issues of life. Not to replace God's prophet in his position. Thank God for it. But God said, "I will give you pastors according to mine heart." Can you imagine then how the Lord Jesus takes it? Oh my. And he will judge those who ridicule God calls pastors. Yes, sir. Which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding? This one in Hosea. It always trouble me when I was a Pentecostal preacher. Of course, I liked understanding of it. You can see why. But it's like there was something in this, brother Daryl, that I thought was so profound, but I could just never grasp it until Malachi 4. My people are destroyed for lack of jumping and running and church membership, lack of knowledge. Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee. So God would not tell us not to lean to our own understanding and knowledge of science and the crafts and the arts and all that sort of thing and then say, "I I'll reject you." It's his knowledge. It's his word. What his word says. Did he mean it or not? Amen. That thou shalt be no priest to me. Lord God, children, this is so sad because God called Israel as a nation to be a holy priesthood. But they rejected God's word. And God said, "That's fine. If that's what you want, then I remove you from your office of priesthood. you will no longer be priests to me. Don't let that happen to us, Lord. Thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, and I will also forget thy children. Hosea 6:6, I desired mercy and not sacrifice and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. So let me ask you the question. Is the word still right? Do we still need the message or are we somehow moved out of it that we no longer what do we need about it? Just certain years, sir. Just certain quotes that certain preachers pick out and say, "Now, this is right. This is wrong. This is right." Apparently, I didn't get that picker when I got the info base in the message. Cuz whenever I type in a word, it just brings them all up. That's right. You see, friends, what's missing with a lot of the message people? The knowledge of God. That's why they're so tossed about with winds of doctrine. I hate to say it, but I'm called to say the truth. It's no wonder that some of our preachers are where they are. They're lacking this knowledge to say God's word is right. God sent us a prophet with the message, not for us to nitpick and pick out what we want and what we like. And oh, I don't believe that. My church ain't going that way. Well, William Brown, I ain't make the pastor of this church. And what do you mean by saying that? Amen. Come on. Habacook 21:14. I long for this day right here when this will happen. It will begin with the dawn of the seventh morning. For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord as the waters cover the sea. Hallelujah. For the earth will be filled. But don't you understand the bride is a prefigure of the millennium coming. He's doing in us. What did he do? He changes and our body change is a type of the bride. The bride being fulfilled in that is typing also the earth. Remember the three stages of redemption and future home. And as God redeems your earthly body, God is going to redeem the body called the earth and bring it back to that full cycle again. And as the glory of God caps off the individual and takes them in the rapture, it is another sign that God is going to redeem the earth. When the sons of God come to their place and the earth, oh hallelujah, the earth can rejoice. But even though the word the earth will get worse, worse. Bombs will fall when the sixth seal opens up. It'll be catastrophe after another. It will get worse. And that means absolutely nothing cuz God's word will be fulfilled. Hallelujah. You're prayed for and you get worse. You get the Holy Ghost and you fight more hell. How many knows it's a truth? Closer you get to God, the more devils you fight. Don't you let that deter you. Don't you let that slow you down. You keep your eyes right on the promise. It means hell hates you. Oh, Romans chap 11 verse 33. Oh, the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God. How unsearchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out. Romans 15:14. And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full full of goodness. Wow. Wouldn't that be awesome to have a church that was just full of goodness? I mean, whenever we come together, we're just running all over everybody. Goodness is in the pews and goodness is out there in the forer and goodness is in the Sunday school room and goodness is here and goodness is there and we're just so full of it that goodness is just running out. A lot of us are full of things. All right. Woo. Come on somebody. We're full of oursel. We're full of bitterness. We're full of anger. We're full of resentment. We're full of smartelic attitude. Lord, here comes that John the Baptist thing again. But oh to be to get rid of fullness of oursel to get rid of fullness of selfishness and get full of the goodness of God. You talking about a people I'm talking about the bride full full of goodness and look back what you were before you got saved. There was not one good thing in you one. That's right. But here's mature folks. They get so full of the goodness of God. And I myself am also persuaded of you and my brethren that ye are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able to admonish one another. So, you're able to talk to one another and able to receive things from one another and benefit one another and help one another. But we're living in a world that you can hardly tell people nothing. And a lot of the message folks have been around the message for so long, a preacher go to quote a quote and they'll leave you they'll quote you for you except they'll add the and that you left out and they'll send you an email and let you know too. Now you stand up there put that quote and and then there in the book it said dot dot dot dot dot and you didn't say dot dot dot I generally don't dot dot dot come on somebody and what good does that kind of attitude do any of us look in 1 Corinthians chapter 1 vers4 these scriptures all right this morning we are a bibleelbelieving church now when people say they're leaving the message does that also mean they're believing all these scriptures cuz I am a message preacher. But my message did not just begin with the message in 1947. My message began with God's word. Amen. This is the message then that we have received from him. I still believe and preach and live and obey my Bible. I thank my God always on your behalf for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ that in everything ye are enriched by him in all utterance in all knowledge. 2 Corinthians 2:14. Now, thanks be unto God, which always causes us to triumph in Christ, and make us manifest the Savior of his knowledge by us in every place. Amen. Make us manifest the savior of his knowledge. the savior of his knowledge. And how does God manifest it? By us. Praise be to God. 2 Corinthians 4:6. For God who has commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Ephesians 1:17, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. Wow. Did you all know that the Bible had all these wonderful, awesome verses about knowledge? Wonderful, right? Well, why are we scared of this kind of knowledge? I ain't talking about the quantum this and that and the other and quantum physics and the computer this and the computer that. Them computers are wonderful when they work, but when they don't work, they are an absolute mess. I want something more accurate than a computer. I had my taxes filled out the other day, Carol and I, and the computer made a $4,200 mistake. And I left the office and I thought, something about this don't seem right. It don't seem right. I just thought, "No, something something just ain't right about this." And I I just kept thinking about it and think about it and the Lord wouldn't let me get away from it. And I took that form up and got to look. I thought, "Oh my goodness." So I called the people H&R Block and oh, I went back down there and said, "Oh, Mr. Reagan, we're so sorry. We're so sorry." Said, "We just updated our computer and it it had done this terrible thing. It put this amount over here and we're so sorry. So sorry." But you can imagine now some of them same people want to put vehicles on the road and they want them driving them. Well, I can tell you one person they'd want to run over is me and you. Who would be behind it? It'd be the devil. And they want us to turn our life over to a computer. Come on, somebody. I want something more sure than a computer. I want an almighty God guiding my soul. Oh yes, I know it's the knowledge of man, but this is the knowledge of God. When we get this, set this on top of our virtue. Ephesians 4:13. Till we all come to the unity of the faith and the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Philippians 1:9. And this I pray that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in judgment. So even love will grow more and more and it will grow in knowledge. How can love grow in knowledge? Because divine knowledge will teach us how to love. Amen. So instead of us getting less and less and less love closer to the end of the way, we should be getting more and more and more. And divine knowledge will teach us how to impart it to others to help us to love the unlovable because that's exactly what Jesus done when he saved me. And I'll go ahead and say for the rest of you, you wasn't lovable either. And the love of God by divine knowledge. What knowledge? The knowledge that you was a seed before the foundation of the world. And that knowledge he could come to the earth not but just a happen stance sort of thing. Well, I'm going to go down there and see if I can die. Maybe they'll feel sorry for me and somebody will come. He come to seek and save that which was lost. Amen. Philippians 3:8. Yay. Doubtless I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord. for whom I have suffered the loss of all things. Yes, sir. All things. But you see what helped counteract that loss? The knowledge of knowing what little bit we give up in this life, what will it be compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us at that day? You see people who lack that knowledge. They look at Christian. Oh, it's so hard. It's so hard being a Christian. It's so difficult. Oh, it's so hard. It's so difficult. And they're constant compared. Boy, back there in the world, I had so much fun. I smile so much more. You know, they lack knowledge. They lack knowledge to understand the worst day in the life of a Christian is better than the best day you ever live for the devil. Colossians 1:9. Let me close here shortly. For this cause we also since the day we heard it do not cease to pray for you and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will. Hallelujah. Oh boy. I'll tell you one thing. I need that. Anybody else besides me? Filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. Yes sir. Verse 10. that you may walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. Now notice Paul don't say about God, not knowledge about God, but the knowledge of God. Right? You understand? That's why we needed a prophet in this day. That God allowed that gift to go back and pull things out of the Bible that been laying there for years and years and so illuminate them with what? The knowledge of God. Amen. Not the education of a theologian. Second Peter 3:18. But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So you mean that we grow in the knowledge of Jesus? You see, statue of a perfect man is a scriptural message. To him be glory both now forever. Amen. Let me close with this. Christ sent me to build individuals to the stature of Jesus Christ. Wow. that they might be the powerhouse, dwelling place of his spirit by his word. Uh-huh. By his word. See, build up the individual to that place. Not build an organization to a greater denomination, but build the individual to sons and daughters of God. That's the idea. add to your faith virtue. To virtue acknowledge, then you're coming to a place. Now, when they begin to say, "Well, we don't have to accept that today. You don't have to do it. It must be. The scriptures cannot lie. There are no private interpretation." The Bible said, "You just believe it the way it's written there." See, you've got to have these things. is the only way you'll ever be able to have them is to have heaven born knowledge. And heavenborn knowledge will vindicate the word. Do you understand? Your own heavenborn knowledge will vindicate God's word by your life cuz he uses believers to prove his word. Amen. I can see it in my mind now as I go back six, seven years ago, whenever it was. We step off that bus and I start walking out this road and there's a dry creek bed and there's some rolling hills over on this side and some hills over on this side. And this valley is called the valley of Ela. E L A H. And as we start going down through it, no temples, no shrines, no great buildings, and our guide tells us this is the very place where David killed Goliath. So we get down into that little branch. Now it's all dry because there was no range then. And all of us get down in there filling our pockets with rocks. Yeah, praise the Lord. Man, there I was standing where David was in my imagination. I've quite got quite one, I can tell you. I was just down there thinking, glory to God. Hallelujah. What did God use a believer to prove his word? Let's stand. Has the Bible lost its meaning? We still need the message. We still need anointed men of God to preach the truth to us. Do we still need one another? Hey, what about this? Do we need to go to church still yet? Really? Awesome. Awesome. Do we need to clap our hands once we get there? Do we need to sing worship? Praise the Lord. Sound like y'all getting more and more knowledge. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. Reach down there, little David, and pull your little rock out of that dry B branch. I've got one back there in my briefcase that I carry with me whenever I go out and preach. And every now and then the Lord will let me preach on that sermon of God proves his word. You cannot imagine how effective it is. And I reach down in my pant pocket and pull out that little rock. Now for some of them, they get this look on their eyes cuz I already been flanging my arms and carrying on and they're figured that thing going to come toward them about 95 miles an hour. But if God could use a little runt Yes, sir. to slay a Goliath. What about in our lives? But brother Donnie, we've got sickness. That's right. We've got disease. We've got trouble. That's right. And through it all, we're still slinging our rocks and fighting devils. And you know what? The Lord we know has committed some of our own people by the way of the grave. And it's been his will to take them that way. We still slang them rocks and we tell that devil, you are defeated. And the church said, why? because our knowledge of him and his word is becoming more fruitful. Amen. I've got a song that I've been listening to for some time. When I get where I can, I want to I want to share it with you. And it says, "I have known him in the good times when every day was sunshine. And I've known him and all these describes all these great things. But now I know him like I've never known before. Now I've known him in a broken heart. Now I've known him in testing times. I'm sure we can all say that. But I want to know him in the way he has picked out for me. I think of my little friend down in Louisiana today, Brother Tim. And I'm sure he never thought he'd have to walk this journey. As I was with him a while back and talked to him, we was talking together about it, tears well up in his eyes. He said, "Brother Donnie, I never thought I'd ever have to walk this journey alone. There's things about his will that can be frightening. But when we understand more about his nature, that brings a comfort within itself." God bless you saints. Let's bury it. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads to the dust of the earth, in great honor we serve you today. What a privilege has been given to us as mere mortals, dear God, that we would be called to walk this walk. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for coming to the earth and shedding your life's blood. We thank you. But we realize it was not just the chemistry, which is the idol that most Christians have made. And that's what they focus on, the chemistry. But there was a revelation that laid in the chemistry that could only be brought out in the last days, and that was that the token laid inside the chemistry. So we know there was only so much human blood. By that I mean your human blood, not regular human blood. There was only so many pints of that blood in your body. And we say it metaphorically that we've all been washed in the blood. And we know that's a symbolism. We know that. But there was not enough blood in your body to wash physically every person that's been saved. But we realize Lord Jesus that when the blood cell broke open it released Zoe. So out of the sacrificial body comes three elements. Water, blood, spirit. Lord, if there's a one here today, maybe they're just in the water stage. Maybe they've moved up a little bit higher to sanctification. Father, we know that it takes all three for us to get the certificate of occupancy. Lord Jesus, would you deal with every heart? Oh Lord, we desire to know more about you, Lord. There's people here today that maybe they'll have a good memory and they think somehow this knowledge is associated with memory. Help them to realize it has nothing to do with their their memory. It's a supernatural knowledge that will come when they need it. They may not even be able to remember this scripture, this quote verbatim, but they'd be talking to somebody and all of a sudden they need something and somewhere from deep within them, you give them your word. And it's that divine knowledge that comes on the scene. I need it now more than ever before, Lord. Oh Jesus, I need your divine knowledge to lead this church. I need your knowledge to live this life. I need your knowledge, Lord, as I travel out and go here and there to minister to your people. I need your knowledge on what to preach, how firm to say it, to know when I've said enough, to know what attitude to bring it in. Lord, I I need your knowledge more than ever before. Here, I've been preaching for all these years, but it's not just experience alone that helps you. It's knowledge. Divine knowledge. Help all your men's servants, Lord. Yes. Help us preachers to quit wasting our time studying and preaching things that don't really benefit the body. Help us, Lord, for divine knowledge to find what's on your heart for this hour. You see, Lord, if you t here in a week or so, Carol and I will be flying to Switzerland for the meetings there. Help me, Lord, in the services that I'm to take your great wisdom and knowledge, Lord. Yes. Help each of my brothers and sisters that aren't ministers. They need knowledge in raising their children. The brothers need knowledge and knowing how to love their wives and wives needing knowledge in their family, in their home. Our deacon brothers, trustee brothers. Our song leaders need the divine knowledge of God to catch the right songs to be able to create an atmosphere properly that'll match the sermon. We need it every day of our lives. Lord, help us, Jesus. Help us, Jesus. Can we just raise our hands? You and your way for your vocation of what he's called you to be. Can you see your need of divine knowledge from God? Yes. Not that I'm going to start having y'all to stand up and all right, brother you quote the 82nd Psalm and brother you quote Psalm 119 and brother you you quote Psalm 33. But the knowledge of God that lays upon your foundation of virtue that you know your life is short and how do you best use your time? My prayer would be that as a pastor, I'd be able to get some of you brothers who are so involved and love sports that I could give you to love Jesus and this word more than you love sports. Amen. That you'd put sports in its place, which is way on down the rank of priorities. And you sisters that love this and that and the other, the divine knowledge of God to realize your your life is not here just to be pretty. Your life is not here just to pretty up your home, but you're here for a greater purpose. Give us knowledge, Lord. Oh, Father, we worship you today, Lord Jesus. Can we just lay our hands on one another? Would you mind doing that for me? Hallelujah. Father, I feel that I would be in line in harmony with the scripture by praying for them in this way since the apostle Paul prayed that the believers in that day would be filled with the knowledge of God. And he prayed again in other formats and ways that he said it by prayer that you would grant that to them. So it lets us know it's not just by studying. It's not just by memorization of scriptures and quotes, but there's a supernatural element that can only reveal and give this type of knowledge. Lord, it's a marvel once it's there and then you begin to anoint the knowledge that we have by studying. Nothing wrong with studying, but Lord Jesus, help me, Lord. Help me, Father. I need your knowledge, Lord. I need your wisdom. I I I cry like Solomon of old. How could I lead this people? How, Lord God, some of these brothers, they got them and their wife and two or three kids that have to answer for. But Lord God, standing in this building today, hundreds and hundreds of people that I have to answer for that day. Lord God, help me. Help me, Jesus. I'll never stray. Help me, Jesus. I'll always keep you before the people and desire to build in them a stature of a perfect man. Not to make us a system, an organization, big church in the message, big preacher, big this. As far as we're concerned, there's only one big one among us, and that ain't us. It's you. Oh Jesus, we love you today. Father, I pray God that you'd move from the pullpit to the back, the mezzanine, the nurseries, the brothers up in the audio booth, up where the computers are. And Lord, even out on the streaming, may the spirit of God help each of us. Lord Jesus, I need it. I need it more than ever before. I need your knowledge, your understanding. Oh father, help me to add to my faith virtue to my virtue this knowledge. I don't want the twin. The twin can quote scriptures and quote quotes, but the twin will say, "Well, that don't apply to this one no more." And that that that that only went to 1963 and that one here and there, and we don't need that in this day. I don't want that one. I want that one that says it's the truth. I want that one that says, "God don't lie." Hallelujah. And God's word is the same and will always need it. Grant it, Lord. May my faith not be a faith twin. May my faith, May virtue, not be the other twin. These virtues, may they not be the twin that mocks and makes fun, but may be the one, oh Lord God, that is original, true, that'll build, build me, Jesus, shape me. I I don't know what more you can do with me. I don't know how much longer I've got on the airs. Carol and I live in a few months. It'll be 69 years old. My I never thought we'd ever live to be that age. But Lord, how many ever more weeks I've got? How many more days I've got? Sermons I got left. I want to give them all to you, Lord. Oh Jesus, I want to serve you like never before. I may not have the strength and the vitality that I did when I was younger, but I believe I've grown in wisdom and understandings. I believe I can be able to accomplish more. Actually help us, oh Lord. We worship you, Lord Jesus, with all of our souls today. Father, are they Aaron? Sing something for us. Can we just worship him together? Yes. How many wants this added to your faith, to your virtue, the knowledge of God? Maybe you walk up and two or three brothers are discussing something and it's becoming argumentative or something controversial. May the Lord by his knowledge give you something to say that will just kind of take care of that whole thing. You see the Bible says a word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver. Not a paragraph, not a book, a word. A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures p pictures pers of silvermen Solomon goes on to say that the tongue of the righteous is a tree of life the tongue the tongue a tree of life wants to talk more fruit talk more life. Yeah. Can we just worship him a little bit now before we go? Anybody that's unable to get out, we do have a wheelchair. We may have to make several trips, but if you have to be packed to the car where you got beat to deaths, the deacon brothers will help you get to the car. I love you children. You know I love you, right? You know I don't wait because I'm mean and and hateful and contrary and all that. I want you to be there more than anything in this world. Sing me there. We need you, Lord. Yes, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, hallelujah. We do, Jesus. We need you, Lord. We need you, Jesus. whisper to you now. [Music] We lift our hands, bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Applause] now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. Lord, we need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Applause] now. Oh my God is awesome. Oh my God is awome. He is awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awome. Yes, he is awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awome. He can move the mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. My God is awome. He is awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awesome. My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. Your strength where I've been weakened. Forever. He will reign. My God is awome. Yes, he is awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By the stripes of heal. My God is awome. He is awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awesome. He's awesome. I am forgiven. This is why I'm living forever. He will reign. My God is awome. He is awome. Awome. Awome. Our God is awome. Hallelujah. Hasn't it been good to be in the house of the Lord today? you know uh I'm not a smart person. I don't know a lot of things. But I am so glad that this knowledge in my life is all I need to be able to look into God's word and to see your hour and to see your day and to understand to think his thoughts for this hour. What a blessed people that we are friends. Who could do that for us but him? There is no God like our God. And I am so grateful to be a part. You know, I don't I don't follow this message because of a cloud in Arizona. Though that's wonderful, but that's that's not why I follow this message. I follow it because I see it in the word of God. Amen. And there's no book that any man could ever write that would change that because where's their vindication anyhow? But this word has been vindicated in the hour that we're living in. And we can hang our souls on this word because God has vindicated it to be the truth. What a blessed people we are to be a part of his divine nature. Amen. remember the folks down towards Arkansas way and Midwest there that supposed to been in Arkansas this weekend. The meetings canceled because of flooding and the rain and just remember those in in prayer today that the Lord would just help them. Those I I don't know how many if they've lost any homes or anything. I'm I'm not really sure, but let's just remember them in prayer. And uh Brother Joel Brown, I he slipped out of service. I went out and checked on him. He's just a wee bit dizzy today. And just let's just remember our brother in prayer and all of our brothers and sisters that are struggling and cuz we we know our God is the healer and the sustainer of our lives. Amen. Have you enjoyed the word? Amen. Let's just let's just bow our heads. Lord Bill will be leaving Thursday for Arizona out among the uh the Apache engines at San Carlos. And just if you think about it, just pray that the Lord can help me that we can say something to help those people. They're just precious, precious people. And so we'll be there, Lord willing, for a few services this coming up this this week. Heavenly Father, Lord, as I was thinking as brother Donnie was speaking about David and slaying the giant and how that he was just a boy, a sheep herder, and Goliath was a champion. But Lord, it just dawned on me. that David is just a boy. That you don't need something big. You just need something yielded. And Father, I pray, Lord, these words that we've heard today. May I yield my life, Lord, that these words could be manifested through me. Lord, we're not interested in people seeing us, but we want them to see you. And I pray, Lord, today that you would go with us as we leave, Lord. And may we meditate upon these things that we've heard. And oh God, may it bring forth much fruit in the lives of us all. And Lord, I pray today for my brothers and my sisters who are struggling, Lord. For Father, I know what it is to lose loved ones. It hurts. And Lord, you see those who are battling this demon of cancer. Oh God, thou has raised my Lord from the grave. But you move upon those who are afflicted and deliver them. For you are the God of deliverance and others, Lord, with oppression and depression and other things, oh God, the weariness of this hour, but may our strength and our joy be found in you. Go with us today, Lord, for we are your people and you are our God. and we commit our lives into your hands for your glory. Bless brother Donnie today Lord renew his strength and oh God thank you father for such a gift you have placed among us. We thank you Lord so much. Thank you for all that you've done for us. Thank you Lord as we commit these things into your heads for your glory. in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you saints who dismiss in the fear of the Lord today. May the Lord be with you be our prayer. Say amen. Amen. God bless you. The more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you and read. fill your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. So it's overwhelming, the more I see you. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. The more I find you, the more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet from this cup in your hand. lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. More than I can understand. I rest in your peace. So will me. I want to sit at your feet. Bring from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and me. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. So overwhelm me. The more I seek you. Oh, the more I find you, the more I find you. Oh, the more I love [Music] you. I want to sin at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. and I rest in your peace. So will me. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. and I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm me. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. and I rest in your peace. So overwhelm me. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music]
