################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Escaping Death Row, "Case Dismissed", Bro. David Siler- 07/06/25 - David Siler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Escaping Death Row, "Case Dismissed", Bro. David Siler- 07/06/25
Speaker: David Siler
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbIIF9pX8wI
========================================

[Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] What happened? [Music] When it seemed I stood alone through the heartache and frustration, kept my focus on the throne. So many times I have recalled the Savior's word so true. If you won't be ashamed of me, I won't be of you. So I proudly stand until I see the face of the one who gave everything. And the reason that I'm saying standing from me, every battle that I will make from the ring. I'll bow before his mighty throne. Hallelujah. I can fall down on my knees. Oh, with a reason I'm standing [Music] standing in front of me. [Music] The road has not been easy. I'll sing it to you, church. At times I've lost my way. So often I stumble searching for the light of day. Circumstances all around me. I thought I'd surely fall. When the whispering of doubt and fear told me you would lose it all. Thank you, Lord. But he kept us amazing grace. We're killed. Someday soon I'll have the chance to thank him face to face. And the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that I fought will fade from me. I bow before my Lord and fall down on my knees. Oh, the reason that standing stands in front of me. We will join the millions. Every kind return and raise. Every child of God that day will look upon his face. [Music] The heroes and the marters. We got all the pagans. We all sing together and declare. Jesus is Lord. Hallelujah. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Oh, what a day. Every battle that I fought it'll fade from memory. [Music] I bow before his mighty throne. down on my knees with the reason I'm standing standing in front of me. [Music] I'll bow before his mighty throne. Yes, we will. fall down on my knees. The reason that I stand in front of me when he stands in front. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Give him a good hand of praise if you love him. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ain't it good to be in church this morning? Haven't we had a meeting so far? Do you appreciate the presence of the Lord? Amen. Brother Matt just Well, don't get no better than what he brought us Friday night. Then, Brother Daryl preached us such a faithb building message last night. Just a tremendous, tremendous job. We're so blessed to be part of what God's doing in the earth. You know, we're not all of it, but we're part of it. Amen. Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad you're part of it. Praise the Lord. Now, give the Lord another good hand clap of praise this morning. Thank you, Lord. Have any visitors today? And we got a a lot of them. We want to say we welcome you to this service. So glad you're here. Just be part of us. Let's have a great time here today. Now, this is probably one of the coolest places you're going to be all day long. And you ain't got nothing to do probably after church but to go eat, but we're going to eat real good while we're here this morning. So, let's just have a real good time in the Lord. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless those folks as they enter into this service with us. Could we give all those folks a good hand this morning? Praise the Lord. Going to look at our prayer request. Brother Brad Jonce, if you'd get ready to pray over these knees this morning. Sister Cynthia Parker says she has a nephew that is deployed to the Middle East. Please pray for him and his mother. So, we want to remember uh that prayer request this morning. Brother Smith Ward turns in this testimony. I want to thank you all for praying for me after cutting my finger very badly on a saw on Tuesday afternoon. I was in a great deal of pain, but within 24 hours, the pain was gone and God saved my finger. Appreciate y'all. God is good. Somebody say, "Amen." Praise the Lord. Brother brother Abe Web sends this in uh for his wife, some friends, and his wife. mental uh depression that things going on. They're asking that we would pray for them. Also pray for the sale of my business that all will go well. So, let's remember that this morning. Brother Carter Lawson says to remember his sister-in-law having a hard time eating without getting choked. So, we want to remember that as we pray today. Sister Linda Jablonsky has an urgent unspoken prayer request she'd like for you to pray about. Sister Joanne Tessa fell and hit her head last night. uh want to remember her as we pray today that God would be mindful of her and brother Glenn Tamlinson. Uh thank you all for your prayers over the last year. The Lord has been most merciful to me and has worked amazing healing in my body. I have an unspoken prayer request that is quite urgent. Thank you and may God bless. So we will remember that this morning. All the unspoken prayer request. I know there's many needs in our group today. We'll just commit all these things unto the Lord. all of our local folks, different things going on, sickness, whatever going on, we want to remember you all too this morning. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Brother, where's brother Brad y at? Y'all already done been up here, buddy. We love brother Brad, don't we? Appreciate you, baby. God bless you. Let's all pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just always first want to thank you for opportunity to come together in your house, Lord. Father, we're sure in joying what's happened this weekend, Father. Lord, how you moved among your people, Lord. And Father, the testimonies we've heard. And Father, we expect to hear a lot more from the prayer line last night, Lord. Father, we just thank you for moving here, Lord. And pray that you just be with this service, Father. Lord, may you anoint every part of it, Lord. You see the needs that's here, Lord. The hands that was raised, Lord. The needs behind those hands, we serve a a miracle working God. Father, these requests in my hand, Lord, you heard every one of them. You know them before we even mentioned them. Father, I pray may you move according to your perfect will. Lord, we place this service in your hands. Lord, anoint the singing, the special singing, and most of all, anoint our brother David. Father, Lord, we we can't wait to hear, Lord, what you going to say through our brother this morning. Father, we expect great things to happen today. We're a needy people. We know you moved for us last night, but today's a different day. Lord, we pray may you touch our lives, Lord. Speak to our hearts, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. Once again, we're so glad to have all of you with us today. There's a there's an old saying that says, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. So we give you brother Wes Ardel this morning. [Music] Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Praise the Lord. We're thankful for friends. We're thankful to look out and see family. That's what you are. Amen. Amen. You're the family of God to us. And we're thankful for a lighthouse, Brother Donnie. We appreciate the opportunity. It truly is an honor. the men that have ministered behind this pulpit have have just uh just filled my soul this whole weekend and and I don't even know what what can you say but thank you Lord for your blessings on me. Amen. And I'm thankful that we got the victory last night. If you don't have it, you can get it today. Do you believe that? Amen. Kid G. Let's sing this together. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind for victory today is mine. Victory, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. I told Satan he can't get me behind. Oh, victory today is mine. Joy is mine. Yes, joy. Oh, yes. Joy. I've got joy today. It is mine. And I told Satan to get me. Oh joy today is oh love is my love. Oh yes love. Love today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan he can get me behind. But today is mine. Oh, when I walk and when I woke this morning, oh, I didn't have a doubt. Yes, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, so I got down on my knees. I cried, Lord, help me, please. And I caught a singing and shout for the victory. Victory, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan he can get me a high. Oh, victory today. Oh, let's sing it again. When I woke and when I woke this morning, oh, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord bring me out. So I got down on my knees, cried, "Lord, help me please. I got to sing and shout the victory. Victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Hallelujah. Victory is mine. Oh my Satan for victory. [Music] Oh, why don't you tell him you love him this morning? Why don't you say, "Thank you, Lord. Praise his name this morning. Let him hear you. He's worthy of our praise. You believe it? Oh, he's worthy. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, peace of God, cover. Cover us this morning, Lord. Lord, cover me. [Music] Cover me. Oh. And peace of God cover me through the soul. Oh Lord, come and it's only in you. Only you I [Music] only [Music] [Music] cover. Oh God. And it's only you, only you. Oh, that was safe this morning, Lord. And only I'm secure. And only I have peace. Oh cover me. Let's worship. Oh cover me. Oh cover me when I am hurting. Oh cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through that stor. Oh, cover me when all details. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes on I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Peace. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, and peace. Oh, cover through the stor. Through the storm. And it's only you only I praise your name and only you [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] only you only. Oh, thank you, Lord. We're saved today. Only [Music] and only [Music] cover me. Oh, cover me. Cover me. I Oh, yes. Cover me. Oh, praise your name. Lord, cover me. I'm going through this cover. me. Cover me. Oh, cover me when I hurt. Cover me when I'm strong. Cover me when I go. What you asking? Cover me. Oh my god. Oh, cover me. Sing it again. Come cover me. Cover me. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Wes, thank you, buddy. If I could get him to move up here, I'd give him half of one of my social security checks. That'd last you about two days, buddy. Praise the Lord. Give Brother Wes a good hand this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Well, there's one thing about it. The devil hasn't got all the talent, does he? Amen. You can be seated this morning. Brother Harry's going to sing us a little song that we love to help him do. And I want him to do it while our singers are coming this morning. Sister Tama, uh, and I think a couple of sisters are helping her. if they'll come. Then we have a family from Arizona and I already forgot how to pronounce your last name, but if you all will make your way this way, then uh the adult choir has a song and there there's a brother Roger uh that went to the practice room this morning if he'll be getting ready to sing after our Arizona family. And we'll you the adult choir will be last this morning. Give our everybody time to get ready. Now, where's everybody? Ain't nobody moved. No, nothing yet. All right, all of you come. Arizona family. You come, too. Wherever you're at, give them nice hand as they make their way. Y'all help me sing this. The spirit and the bride was saying come. The elect feeling stir inside their heart. Our unit time has come. We are the father soon for [Music] the evening has come. The bride is making preparation. She's hearing the shout of her king. took he's leaving from inside [Music] the lamb once again. [Applause] A fine linen clean wine is gr to her. She's been washed in the blood of God's own son with righteousness that's not our own. We're just before his throne. Where we reign with our love forever more. Oh light has come. The bride is making preparation. We're still hearing the shout of our king. The token. He's cleaning from inside. And the trees alive once again. in the tub. Please the lamb once again [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Tears often fall on my face in sorrow. [Music] And as I walk on through the long lonely night. Often I cry. But it seems no one hears me. And through the shadows I can see the dawning of light. [Music] Soon is old life with all of it trials [Music] will be left behind. There's a new day dawning. The shadows of sin will vanish forever. He promised me there's going to be joy in the morning. Tears cannot stain [Music] the pathways of glory. [Music] And no broken hearts will find up there. Beyond that sky, my mansion is waiting. [Applause] By the light of the morning, we'll sing a songs of sweet victory. in his own life. With all of his trials will be left behind. There's a new day dawning. The shadows of sin will vanish forever. He promised me there is going to be joy in the morning. Oh, come my child. Joy comes in the morning. [Music] Keeping all the last for the night. [Music] Hold on my child. Joy comes in the morning. [Music] The darkest hour dawn is just inside. Soon this old life [Applause] with all of his trials will be left behind. There's a new day dawning. [Music] The shadows of sin will vanish forever. ever. [Music] He promised me there's going to be joy in the morning. He promised me there's going to be joy in the morning. [Music] [Applause] Why shouldn't I praise the Lord? He's been so good to me. The living word in flesh again and revealed to me. I was blind and I could not see till this message found me. So I rose up to praise the Lord for all his mercy to me. To Jerusalem our Lord went. Praises to him from the people who receive the Lord and they highly esteem. But the Pharisees that gatherred round said, "Make them be still." But Jesus said, "The rocks will surely cry out, let them shout as they will." Why shouldn't I praise the Lord? He's been so good to me. The living word again to me. I was blind and I could not see till his message found me. And I love to praise the Lord for all his mercies to me. [Music] [Applause] We shouldn't sit with our heads hung down. God is with us now. He's giving strength to the bride. He's saying since the true way she's found and the manifested sons of God this world surely will see. Then the rapture will take us away from death. The last enemy. Why should I praise the Lord? He's so good to me. The living word made flesh again and revealed to me. Oh, I was blind and I could not see till his message found me. And I rose up to praise the Lord for all his mercy to me. Oh, why shouldn't I praise the Lord? He's been so good to me. The living word in flesh again revealed to me. I was blinded. I not see till his message found me. I rose up to praise the Lord for all his mercy to me. So I rose up to praise the Lord for all his mercy to me. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you all. Amen. I left my loan at Calvary. Well, Jesus died for you and me. And then there came a peace so sweet. When I left my load of sin at Jesus feet, I left my Lord. Yes, I did. at Calvary. Well, Jesus died for you and me. And then the king had be so sweet. When I left my load of s Jesus fear. Oh by and by when the morning comes all the sins of God I got at home. We will tell the story how we overcome. For we'll understand it better by and by. We are often destitute of the things our life demand. Why but one of shelter helps to heal and better land that we stand in the Lord and according to his word. Well, we'll understand it better by and by. Hallelujah. By and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are God at home, we will tell the story. How we overcome for we'll understand it better by and by. Time we got loud the river where brightel feel [Music] with his crystal tide forever flowing by the throne of God. Oh hallelujah. I will gather around the river. Oh the beautiful the beautiful river. I know in the sand of the river I flow from the throne I've gone. So will reach the fining river. Soon our bell men will see. Soon our happy heart will quality of me. Yes we will. Yes, we will gather all the river on the beautiful the beautiful river [Music] with the s of the river now flows from the throne of God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I know a name that can silence roaring waves. I know a name that can empty out a grave. I know a name. It's the only name that saves and it's worthy of all praise. I call you Jesus. I call you I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power, something comes out of the grave. [Music] Every time I call you Jesus, I call you, I call you Savior, worthy of glory forever. Ever something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name, I have a king with dominion over death. He holds the keys in his holy nail garden. He is the heel that has crushed the serpent's head. Our resurrected great I am. I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. In the rain, something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you Savior, worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of every time I call your name. Change all the way. Every time I call your name, the gates of hell shake. Every time I call your name, change the rain. Drive all the way. Every time I call your name, the days come. Every time I call your name. Oh, every time I call your name. Yeah. And where, oh, dead is now your sting? And where all your vtory is now your glory and where Heat. Heat. Heat. glorus. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus. [Applause] I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you something. I call you Jesus. I know you. I know you worthy of glory forever. Every time I call your name every time I come alive in the name of Jesus come alive in the name of Jesus. Jesus Christ. Oh, [Music] so much power in the name of Jesus. So much power in the name of Jesus. Found my healing in the name of Jesus. I was healed in the name of Jesus. Found my freedom in the name of Jesus. Found my breakthrough in the name of Jesus. And I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Raising and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior, worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of every time I call your name. [Music] Amen. Thank you Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord Jesus. Or can we just take a minute and raise our hand in his presence. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. We magnify your name today, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, it's not a name that we just religiously repeat. It is the name of our bridegroom. Hallelujah. Not only your name but our name. We are called after your name, Miss Jesus Christ. We thank you today Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Isn't it wonderful to be in his presence once again? Amen. Without any further delay, we'll just ask brother David to come and bring to us what's on his heart today. Such an honor for us to be together and such an honor for you to come and be here with us in these days that we've been able to enjoy his presence and fellowship with one another. God bless you, brother David. Just come, brother. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. We just had some church. Amen. What do you call him? I call him encourager. I call him king. I call him father. I call him deliverer. I call him redeemer. He's the lifter of our head. Amen. He's a devil defeater. He defeats your sickness. He answers your true your your needs. Whatever you got need of, that's what he is today. Amen. Praise God. That's the kind of God we serve. Amen. and oh, don't you just love him with all of your heart, the things that he's done for us this weekend and just how that he's spoken to us. He is so mindful of his people. We want to say how honored we are to be here with you today. Uh certainly appreciate the opportunity to be able to come and stand before you and the invitation to be able to be a part of this meeting. Well, it's just the highlight of our life to be here. Amen. While you're standing, let's go to the book of Psalms 102:18. Psalms 102 verse18 some services whenever we hear preaching is for healing, encouragement, faith, deliverance. But then there are some services that it's just correction. Well, unfortunately, that's what the service is going to be today. Can anybody handle that? Amen. Um, I don't make the rules. I just follow them. Um, now I'm not talking about being mean to somebody, but I'm talking about correction, the department of corrections. So, let's just take a little journey today. Amen. Psalms 102:18, this shall be written for the generation to come, the people which shall be created, hallelujah, shall praise the Lord. For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary. From heaven did the Lord behold the earth to hear the groaning of the prisoner and to loose those that are appointed to death. Amen. Amen. Romans 5:12. Wherefore, as by one man's sin, it entered into the world, and death came by sin. And so death passed upon all men, for that all. A ll for that all have sinned. Go over to Romans chapter 7 verse 23. We'll read verses 23 and verse 24. Paul said, 'I see another law in my members and it's waring against the law of my mind. So Paul sees a law in his flesh. He sees a and it's waring against this law that's in his mind and he said it's bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Look at this word captivity. It's bringing me into captivity or the state of period of being held. Imprisoned or confined in bondage, severitude, imprisonment, confinement. Look at this last word, incarceration. Paul said that there's a law that has taken place in me that is literally incarcerating me in my flesh. Verse 24, then Paul cries out and he says, watch this exclamation point. Oh wretched man that I am. Paul didn't say, "Oh wretched man that I was." Because when Paul's writing this, he's not writing it in an unconverted state. But Paul actually being born again is saying, "Oh wretched man that I am." Then he asked this question, "Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" Look at this word deliver. It means emancipate, redeem, rescue. I like this one. Exonerate. Look at this word. Exonerate. Who will exonerate me? To clear from blame and accusation. To free from guilt, to release and discharge, to be free and liberated. I believe that we are a people today that are been exonerated and liberated. I'd like to speak to you today on that idea today. Escaping death row. May the Lord add his blessings to the word. You can be seated. I think this is incredible portion of scripture that Paul being aware that even though that he's come to the new birth and that Paul has actually been regenerated in his soul. We believe that whenever Paul writes the book of Romans and Paul comes down to Romans chapter 7, which is some of the most debated things that Paul wrote and many people whenever they look at that, they try to tell us that Paul was writing about the time when he was unconverted. But we don't believe that tonight because we don't believe that God will allow a man to be able to write the word that's in an unconverted state. But we believe that Paul having been born again knew that there was something that was going on in his flesh that Paul was aware that even though that he has been born again, Paul knew that he was still a prisoner. Paul knew that he was still locked up and has been incarcerated. But you know, if Paul has been locked up, we would want to know what has Paul done to deserve to be incarcerated. What has he done to deserve to be in prison? What did he do to be able to put in this place? What Paul would say in my members, I I'm warning against this law that is taking place. And no doubt Paul knew it every day that he woke up the same way that you do. That there's something in our flesh that is just not right. Now, we know there's people today that wants to tell us that we're already in the millennium and that the rapture's already come and the body change has already happened. But I don't believe that. And I'm sure many of you today don't believe that either. It's because even though we are born again, we're still living in a body of time. And we are trapped into this body and we are actually locked in this body because of time. That's what caused us to be here was the fall. And it actually injected us into time. Now, because Paul is in this place, Paul said that there's something going on in his body. Now whenever you look at incarceration and you look at people that has been put in prison, we know we hear the terminology that somebody committed such an act that it warranted them to be able to be, you know, held guilty to where they're put on death row. And we know the reason why any person would be subjected to such a thing is because there's come an accuser that a crime has been committed. And the prosecutor has told us that there's been a law that has been broken. And the prosecutor believes that there's sufficient amount of evidence to be able to bring against an individual and that accusation can be proved that that person has broke the law. Now we know that what that means is if there is enough evidence of what has been done that he can prove beyond all reasonable doubt that that individual is guilty of breaking the law. And in this case today the law that Paul is talking about is the law that was broken in Genesis chapter 2. For God said it like this in verse 16. And the Lord God commanded man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day that thou eatest thereof, therefore that thou shalt surely die." Now, we know that when God says this, this is God's word. It's God's law. Whenever God speaks, he cannot retract or take back that which he says. And whenever one takes and they breaks this this law of God, they break the word of God. God cannot simply overlook what man has done. Well, brother David, Adam was God's son. God cannot overlook sin. God cannot look past sin. He cannot push sin under the carpet somewhere because of favorability. And to be able to overlook it, God can't do that. God must be just in the way that he handles sin. And because man had broke the law of God, notice that now there's going to come a death sentence on man, that man is going to actually live to die. And the Bible said in verse 5, "And all the days that Adam lived were 930 years and Adam died." So God kept his word. God backed up his word. Amen. You may not say amen to that right now, but you're going to be glad that God backs up his word. Because of the fall, God caused man to come under such a judgment that they actually pulled God. Think about this. They actually pulled God to the place where he was loving father that would come down and visit. Oh, I can imagine how great the atmosphere must have been. But now they pull God into a different attribute that God has to come down and bring judgment upon his children. So they actually forced God to come into a place of judgment. And the results of that law being broke, it brought death. The prophet says it like this in 1957. He said God being holy and just, he had to have a prosecution. He had to prosecute the sinner because he had overstepped the boundaries of grace and became a lawbreaking citizen. Then he must be dealt with. And every law, listen now, every law has a penalty for the penalty of transgressing God's law is death. And it had to project death to the human race. And all the human race is under the penalty of the law. So because of the fall of man in the beginning, every woman, every boy, every girl, every person that is born after a man, after a woman, they are actually born with the penalty of death actually inside of their members. And let's just face it, there's no getting around it. The prosecutor had us dead in the right. There's no way that you and I can take and say that we're not born with trouble, that we're not born with problems, that we're not born, remember, you don't have to teach a child how to lie. There's something in bred into that child when he is raised up. You don't have to teach him. It's automatic because he's born under a fallen nature. And because of the way we are born, every one of us was born onto death row. We come to this world born on death row. There wasn't one of us born righteous. There wasn't one of us born holy. There wasn't one born better than the other. We was all born the same way. We was born in sin and shaped in iniquity. Amen. And the reason why we come to this condemnation was because of our representation. Because of our representation, we become condemned from the very being. Well, brother David, I wasn't here and I didn't do it. But you was condemned because of the representation in the beginning. So it's condemnation by representation. Amen. We was all represented by the same attorney. We was all represented by the same man. And when your representation loses the case, you lose your case. Why? God's law has been broken. And there's a penalty that comes with breaking the law of God. There's a judgment that comes against us. And that judgment tells us that a man may live or however long he may live. Remember the Bible tells us Methuselah lived longer than any man in the Bible. But I want to tell you eventually the death sentence caught up with Meth. Amen. It eventually caught up with him and he died 969 years. But finally here come death around that man. And it got all it looked like he was going to make it to the millennium. But eventually the appointment of death got him. And I'll tell you, man, since that day and the fall, man has been put into solitary confinement. We've been locked up. We've been caged up. Somebody say, "Amen." We could not help ourselves. As a matter of fact, there was nothing that could appease the very justice of God. No matter how many good works that we have, no matter how many good deeds we have, it would not appease the justice of God. Works will never appease the justice of God. You can pray and we should. We can read our Bibles and we should, but no matter how much we pray, how many things we do for God, you can never appease the justice of God by works because you're not saved by works. Because God know the way that man was. The moment he started doing something, he'd go bragging about how great he is and how wonderful he is. And God does not want the light to move from him to anybody else. Amen. There will be no time off death row because of good works. Amen. We're not saved by them, but let me say this. If you got right kind of faith, your works will tell of what your faith has done. Paul knows I'm locked up. He knew that according to the word, he knew that he could not come off of this unless God would do something. Paul said it like this in Romans 7. For we know that the law is spiritual. I'll say it for you. But I am carnal. I am carnal. I'll just say it for you. We're carnal. We're human. We get our feelings hurt. We get down. We get discouraged. We got good days. We got bad days. Every one of us are carnal. Notice Paul said, "I am carnal. Sold under sin." Look at this word sold. It means to sell with a price. Sell into slavery. Sold under entirely under the control. Hallelujah. Of something else. the master to whom one is sold as a slave to give himself up completely to another's will. I don't want to get ahead of myself, but if I can be sold by a price, I said if I can be sold by a price, can't I be bought with a price? If I can be condemned by my representation, if I can be condemned by being represented by an attorney, can't Amen. Can't there be another attorney that can take and buy me back to be bought by a price? It being sold and send my master. What happens if I get another master? What happens if I get another king? Amen. Let me say this. We needed a better attorney. We needed better representation. They tell you that individuals should never represent theirelves. You're almost certain to lose your case if you come to represent yourself. So, I'm not coming today by my own representation. I'm not coming to plead my own case. Oh, no. You may get nervous and forget the most valuable evidence you got. But let me tell you, we got an attorney today. He's all remembering. He's all knowing. He never forgets one thing. I'm talking about a king. I'm talking about all remembering God today. Hallelujah. Paul knew even though I got new life on the inside of me, I still I'm still bound. Now, after you've been found guilty and your case has been judged, after you received the judgment from the jury, there's only one thing that was left and that's your sentencing. Now watch, because every person that is sentenced and every person that is judged, they got a right to appeal their case. So Paul knew that. He said, "Even though that I've been judged and I'm incarcerated and I'm confined into this mortal body, I want a pill." I said, "I want an appeal." Hallelujah. And David tells us that God will hear the groaning of his prisoner. And that groaning to me today is, "Lord, I want my appeal to come through. I want you to I want a righteous judge. I want a holy judge that I can appeal my case to. I can plead my case to. Paul said, "We're waiting." Listen to this. We're waiting. When a man gets locked up, that's all it can do. You're just waiting. They say people that is waiting for their appeal every day. It dominates their minds because they're in their mind. Oh, listen now. Cuz everybody's Everybody's innocent. Everybody's innocent. Everybody claims to be innocent. But I don't want to claim that I'm innocent because of my feelings or my emotions. I want something to speak on my behalf. I want something to stand on my behalf. And I want it to declare my innocence by the word of God. [Music] So we're waiting. Hallelujah. We're waiting. Paul said we're waiting. Romans 8:19. Watch as he comes now for the earnest expectation of the creature. It waiteth. Hallelujah. Watch what he's waiting on. Watch what he's looking forward to. He waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. Because the creature itself also, yes, sir, shall be delivered from the bondage of corruptional into what, Paul? They're going to be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The glorious liberty of the children of God. And we know that the whole creation grown us and travaleth in pain together until now. Look at verse 23. And not only they, but ourselves also, which has the first fruits of the spirit. He said, notice Paul's telling us it's not only nature growing and botney life and animal life. But I want to tell you, we're groaning from the inside. Paul is saying that because something has changed on the inside, and it doesn't match the outside. But what's on the inside is calling out for something on the outside to release and discharge. Amen. He said even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting. Hallelujah. Waiting for the adoption to wit the redemption of your soul. Hallelujah. To wit the redemption of your bodies. Amen. Now the prophet tells us that word means to quicken the redemption of our bodies. So Paul said if you got the first fruits of the spirit you become eligible come on to be quickened until then we're groaning. Nature's groaning. Everything's groaning. Oh, you can't hear maybe with your natural ear, but if you can look into the supernatural realms, the trees are crying out. Animal life is crying out. Everything is waiting for the manifestation of the suns. Oh my, think about it. They're waiting for something to happen. Hallelujah. Nature's groaning. Everything's groaning. Waiting for the manifestation of the suns. Because when sons get back in their position, Whatever man fell from, if he can get back to the place where he fell from, everything that was put under man will automatically be, hallelujah, will be pulled back into their position. When you get sons of God back, the trees will come back. Animal life will come back. The lion will come back. When you get the sons in their place, everything under man will come back to his place. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. It literally will force everything back into its original position when you get sons back. So, everything hinges on sons of God. Everything is hinging upon the deliverance and the exoneration of sons. The prophet says it like this. He comes in 1963. He's going to preach the message of the breach. Notice just before the opening of the seals. And the prophet says, "We've been waiting for this hour. Paul's been waiting on it. Nature's been waiting on it. Animal life's been waiting on it. And the prophet says, "We've been waiting on it. We've been waiting for this hour. We understand this will take place at the first resurrection. Nature is groaning. We are groaning. Everything is groaning because we realize there's something that's not right." Amen. And the only way that you can groan and wait for it is because there's been new life come in here that speaks of a new world to come. Hallelujah. So your flesh is represented by the old order, but your soul is represented by the new order. And one is going to dominate. It's either going to be sin or it's going to be immortal life. Something is going to dominate. And let me say this, we've been waiting for this hour. The sons of God will come back to their position. [Applause] You realize why you grown? If you've been born again, that's what the Holy Ghost. You realize if you've been born again and you got the Holy Ghost, that has given you new life. Amen. Not a life under the destinence. Not a life of incarceration. That new life speaks of a new world where there ain't no bondage. Where there ain't no jails, where there ain't no sickness. Somebody help me now. There ain't no trouble. There ain't no devil. There ain't no demons. There ain't nothing. That's a world we're talking about. We're going to a new world. Well, brother David, I know I'm a son of God. Amen. God gave me the Holy Ghost to make me a son of God. No, he never. I said, "No, he never." God don't give you the Holy Ghost to make you anything. [Applause] Because getting the Holy Ghost don't make you a son of God. But because God give you the Holy Ghost, it proves that you always was a son of God. It ain't God making you something you never was. God's not changing you from what you was. He's letting you know this is something you always was. But because of your condemnation by representation, you become a part of the fall. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. And there's a spirit of God on the inside that's telling you just wait. Just wait. There's a heavens coming. There's a new earth that's coming. There's a new Jerusalem that's coming. There's a new earth that's coming. Oh, let me tell you, if you're weary today, I'd get my faith wrapped around that. Let me encourage you. There's a new body that's coming. If you're discouraged today, let me tell you that there is a new body that is coming. If you're down today, if you're sick today, let me tell you, a new body's coming. And that body can't get weary. That body can't get depressed. That body will never get down. Because the one who gets it down won't be there. Hallelujah. Job knew. Job. He knew. He knew he was locked up. He knew he was bound up. In the book of Job 14, it says something like this. All the days of my appointed time, I'm going to sit on this cell block. I'm going to sit in this prison and all the days of my appointed time will I will I all my appointed days will I until until till what Job until my change comes. You see Job caught the revelation. Even though that Job knew he would get down, he knew he would not stay down. Anybody hear me today? He knew even though I may go like the flower, I may go like the leaf, I may go back to the dust of the earth, and I may wait there until my appointed time, but there's going to come a day, amen, that the king's going to come down on top of me and deliver me from the bondage of corruption. My change is going to come. Job knew there's a resurrection coming. Do you know why Job had the resurrection revelation? I've been preaching on that at home. The resurrection revelation. Ain't it amazing how many people got it and how many people didn't. Not one Pharisee got that revelation. Not one Sadducee got that revelation. Even though Jesus told them over and over again, they never did get it. They wasn't waiting on it. But Job caught it. But Job went by the ground. So God wanted to inject something into the oat to let us know we're not all going to sleep. Amen. So God allowed a man by the name of Enoch. Amen. And let me say this, Enoch is not Pentecost's type. It's not Luther's type. It's not all. Listen, it's not the Tyra. It's not SRA. But Enoch types the last day. Now, every other age, the prophet tells us this is every other age would go to sleep. But he's letting us know there's coming a people that shall be created. Hallelujah. That is going to fulfill exactly what Enoch did. Amen. If we want the results that Enoch got. Amen. We better find out what Enoch did. And the Bible said he got to fellowshipping with God. Brother, when you go to fellowshipping with your attorney and you go to letting him know, oh my, you go to worshiping because he's God and you go to praising because he's God, it proves that there's something in you that it's not just time. The prophet said he got to walking with God until he was not. Enoch never did die. Enoch escaped. Amen. death row. And the prophet tells us Enoch was the seventh from Adam. And we're living in the seventh church age from the second Adam. I said from the first Adam, it brought a man who did not go by the way of the grave. And may I say in this day, in this last age, there is again another people in the land that is welcome with God, fellowshipping with God. Hallelujah. a people that's got a revelation of what the pyramid is. Can you imagine what the devil thought when Enoch come up missing? Probably like some of these prophylars around the message. Oh yeah. They're good about building cases. Come on. I said they're good at comparing human nature by human nature, human comments by human comments because that's all they see. They don't have the resurrection revelation. But to you that's got an ear to hear what the spirit is saying to the church. Amen. I imagine Satan thought, "Oh, he probably ran off in some culture." I know what he did. He probably got himself locked in that pyramid over there. You would probably be right. I don't know about you, I want locked into this pyramid. Faith, virtue, temperance, godliness. I want to be locked into it. [Applause] No. As the prophet said in the breach, I'll start my timer now. Is it okay? Sorry. When a person is struck with diseases, aches, pain, one time they wasn't that way, sir. But they're groaning. Why? They're not right. There's something wrong. And they're groaning trying to get back where they was when they had health. And when nature and peoples, the Bible said, he said, are groaning, it shows that there's something that they're not in their ought to be condition. They're not in their ought to be condition. They have fallen from somewhere. In other words, if I fell from somewhere, my identity is not just a part of time. Amen. Now, if my identity came from the eternal part of God, somebody has to come to get me off of this death sentence. I said, "Somebody had to get us out of this mess." And I want to tell you, there was no preacher can do it. There ain't no bishop can do it. There was no pope that can do it. Hallelujah. There was no man. Amen. There was no man born of a woman that was able to do it. So in order to get man off the death sentence, God had to put somebody on the earth that was not born under the penalty of the law. That way the judgment of the law cannot be held against him. And since listen now, and since the since the fall came by woman breaking the word in order to redeem and restore man back, look what God's going to do. It was a woman that caused the fall. And God's going to send through the woman, the church. Come on, somebody. Something that can redeem man back from what they fell from. Amen. God is going to use a woman to birth the word of God. What's God going to do? Brother tells us and spoken words originally received. Brother says, "Mary did what Eve failed to do." Amen. Which proves to us that Eve should have all listen Eve should have gi birth by the spoken word. The same as Mary did, that's what Eve should have done. But let me tell you, whenever she listened to the lie of the enemy, she interrupted God's program. And when she took this serpent seed, she produced upon the earth the wrong nature. Amen. I said she took the word instead of heeding to what God has said. Amen. Isn't that what every age has done? I said isn't that what every church age has done? They took the word of a man and the idea of a man. They took Constantine's idea. They took the ages idea. But I want to tell you, we don't want to feed just from the words of a man. Those words will fail you. My words may fail you. But God's word will never never never fail you. the people which shall be created. So God was going to create his own bride. And then when he comes to her, he's going to seal her womb where she'll never give birth to anything outside the word. Hallelujah. Now the prophet tells us before Adam fell, the prophet said that Adam had the book of redemption. Right? But said, "Adam had the ability to be able to control the elements. He could speak to the wind." Come on, somebody. He could speak the word. He could speak to the tree and it'd be moved. He could speak to the wind and it would cease. And the reason why is because Adam had the spoken word because Adam had the book. But whenever Adam lost the book, and the book, listen, and the book did not go into the hands of Satan, the book did not go into the hands of Satan. It went back into the hands of the original owner, which is Almighty God. Every person born after the book went from an open book to a closed book was born under death. Amen. Amen. From Adam until now, every person born bound, every person born incarcerated. Notice the program says in the sixth seal, that's the reason John wept. Yes, sir. Because if no man could get that book, all creation and everything was gone. She just, this always amazed me. She would simply turn back to atoms, molecules, cosmic light, and there would not even be a creation, a person, or nothing else cuz Adam lost the rights of that book. How many knows the book's important? Every man is born of sex, born after sexual desire. He was in the original sin between Satan and Eve, so he could not do it. There's, listen to this, there's nothing in him. There's nothing in him. No holy pope, right? No priest, no doctor, divinity, whoever it might be. Listen to this. Nobody was worthy. He couldn't be an angel because it had to be a kinsman. Hallelujah. It had to be a kinsman. It had to be a man. It had to be a man. Then God himself, Amen. become a kinsman by taking on human flesh through the virgin birth. And he shed his blood. Amen. He said that wasn't the blood of a Jew. Remember I read this morning said, "Remember at one time I thought Jesus had Jewish blood, but I found out that wasn't the blood of a Jew. It wasn't the blood of a Gentile." Can you handle this? It was the blood of God. I said it was the blood of God. The Bible says we're saved through the blood of God and the child takes the father's blood. So, brother said every one of us are saved by the blood of almighty God. That's the reason, listen, that's the reason when you're born here, you was born with a tainted blood. But the blood of the father did not come the way my blood did. It did not come the way your blood did. Our blood is tainted. But his blood was not tainted. His blood came by the spoken word. Hallelujah. I'm telling you, God created a blood. The prophet says God created a blood cell. Yes, sir. Singular. Not blood cells. many he created a blood cell and then from that one blood cell it multiplied I said it multiplied so for one cell it became two cell from two cell to four cell and it starts splitting and splitting and multiply and multiply and when God's blood cell become multiply it created a body are you hearing me today and as his blood cell multiplied when The word comes back over you and I. It may have started on one day in the upper room, but since that day, that blood cell's been multiplying. One son after another, one child of God after another, one daughter of God after the other, the blood cell has multiplied. Until it's formed a body. Hallelujah. So when you get born again, you take a different blood. You take a different cell. You take a different gene. Come on. Now remember, that's what the enemy got us by was blood evidence. That's the reason I was found guilty. It's because of the blood. Matter of fact, Isaiah picks it up in Isaiah 59 and he says, "Your iniquities have separated between you and your God and your sins, have hid his face." So when God looks upon fallen man, it's as though God can't look at him. So he he hides his face. Well, if the wrong blood made him hide his face, I said if the wrong blood made him hide his face, what will the right word do? Notice Isaiah goes on to say, watch how guilty he was. Watch this crime scene. For your hands are defiled with blood, your fingers with iniquity, your lips have spoken, and your tongue has mutter perversed us. That's what tainted blood caused. That's what your tainted blood caused. Because of our iniquities, it caused us, listen, to be in this state that we are in now. And when it did, it caused God to hide his face because it separated us. In other words, because of because of tainted blood, it divided us and God to where we become incarcerated and separated from the rep from God. So your iniquities, your perversess, your lies cause you to put on death row. And when you're on death row, you're locked up, chained up. Amen. It caused this divide, this separation between you and God. In other words, the law found us guilty. And because we was guilty, the law has locked us up and put us in this incarceration. But wait, he said we're not saved by the blood of a Jew. And we're not saved by the blood of a gentile, but we are saved by the blood. So when my appeal comes up, come on. I don't want to take what Isaiah saw. I don't want to take the evidence that Isaiah was looking at the hands, the fingers, the lies, the tongue. We don't want to look at that evidence because that wasn't me anyway. I want to look at something else in my appeal. I want to present a better blood. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice that Paul tells us in Ephesians, "And now in Christ Jesus, ye who were sometimes far off. We are made nigh by the," In other words, you are drawn close. You are brought near by the blood of Christ. For he is our peace and he has broken down. Listen, he had made both one and hath broken down the middle wall of petition. Look at this word broken down. He has loosed. He has loose anything that's tied or fastened. To loose one that's bound to unbind to release from bonds. To set free. To set free one that's bound up with chains. A prisoner. To discharge from let go. Look at this last part. It means to dismiss or break up laws having a binding force. So he's telling us there's a higher law that's going to supersede the law that found you guilty. And it's literally Hallelujah. It's going to break up the law having a binding force. It literally comes from the word anol. Hallelujah. Now watch because something happened and there's a blood that we want to present. It's a evidence that is absolutely it's imperative to our case. As a matter of fact, we're going to need the right kind of attorney. And anybody that wants an attorney, they want a high profile attorney. Well, let me just tell you, you can't get no higher than ours. I said you can't get no higher than ours. Our attorney goes beyond time. It goes beyond sin. As a matter of fact, the earth is his full. You talk about a high profile attorney. You got one, brother. So, we've been under this appeal for the last Oh, it's been a long time. You know, about seven church ages. And we've been waiting. We've been waiting. In the last 40 to 50 years, do you realize there's been hundreds on top of hundreds of people that has been released from death row and actually released from prison. And the reason why is because of new evidence. It's called DNA evidence. Amen. And the crime scene had blood on it, sir. And you have the ability to test the blood for DNA. Amen. Now, because of the advancements of science and technology and all that, they have discovered, listen, they discovered that there's a mystery about blood. They know that there's something that lays in the blood. And they actually discovered a way to test the blood for DNA. Now, DNA is found in a person's gene. It's literally the genetic makeup of an individual. Hallelujah. It's your sale. It listen. It's your sale driver's license. It's your cell passport. Hallelujah. It identifies who you are. In other words, the identity of who you are is encoded in your DNA. Yeah, sir. DNA was first noticed in the 1800s. Think about this. They discovered, scientists discovered there's something about the blood that has an identity in it, but the problem is they knew that the blood had a genetic code. They knew that that code lays in the person's gene, but they didn't know how to unlock it. Come on. They knew there was vital information that's laying there. Oh, if they could only look far enough and there would be a microscope. Oh, that would be able to appear deep enough into the blood. They would know how to interpret the information that lays in the blood cell. I'm going to say that real slow. I said there's a mystery that lays in the blood. And they didn't have the answer to what the mystery was. They didn't have the interpretation to the information that laid behind the blood cell. And in the 1800s, the code was still a mystery. It was a mystery and they couldn't they couldn't figure it out. Now, they understood pieces and they understood parts and they could see a little here and a little bit over there, but they didn't have the full understanding of what laid behind the mystery. Oh, listen. They rallied around the pieces. They rallied around the parts, but they did not have the full revelation of what lays there. Yes, sir. But somewhere in the mid 1900s, the mystery of the blood code, come on. Hallelujah. Started breaking. Yes, sir. Now, what they found out is Oh, you talking about powerful. I found this statement yesterday morning. What they found out is that within the blood, it has what they call, look it up, a DNA revelation. And you don't hardly have to be around the message to know that's powerful. They said the blood has DNA revelation. In other words, there's a mystery that lays in the DNA and that DNA has to be revealed what lays in there. Now, listen to this. You can impersonate a lot of things in life. You can impersonate somebody's hair color. You can impersonate their hairstyle. You can impersonate someone's size and stature. But let me say this, all everything on the outside can be impersonated. [Music] But when it comes to your DNA, DNA cannot be impersonated. I Oh, listen to me. first pull can be impersonated. We've even seen some second pull be impersonated. But when it comes to the mysteries of God, when it comes to the mind of God, when it comes to the word of God, let me say this. The third pull cannot cannot cannot cannot be impersonated. No matter how big you are, how little you are, you cannot impersonate DNA. Because of the ability to understand DNA revelation, there's been hundreds of people exonerated. I'd say a few of them right here in this building today that's been exonerated because they've been wrongly accused. Thank you, Lord. Because they tell us DNA evidence leaves no room for error. There's no mistaking. There's no error. DNA is a perfect identification for who you always was. [Applause] They found out in the mid 1900s as the mystery began to open and the science and technology they knew that there was something in that blood. Let me just say this at the same time that science had advanced to understand DNA revelation there was one who was sitting on the throne that had a book in his right hand. Come on, somebody preach. And in that book, that book was sealed with seven seals. And in that book was the mystery of predestination. In that book was the mystery of your origin. In that book was your identity. In that book, listen, your identity was hid under those seals laying in that word. And John began to weep because no man was found worthy. Ain't it incredible? John looked above. John looked underneath. John looked everywhere. He never found one man. The prophet said he looked at Moses and he wasn't worthy. He looked at Jeremiah. He wasn't worthy. Paul wasn't worthy. William Brandon wasn't worthy. Come on, somebody. He looked and he couldn't find him. I wonder. The prophet says, "Why couldn't John find him?" He said, "Because the one who took the book came from the midst of the throne." Anybody hear me? From the very heart of God, the very throne of God, there stood a lamb. Hallelujah. There stood a lamb. There stood one that would remember he was a bloody lamb. Showing the office that he was in. He was coming to take the book. And in Revelation five, the lamb took the book. And whatever happened in Revelation 5, when John seen it, John didn't fold his arms. [Music] [Applause] Brother David, I'm a little bit too old to shout. The Bible said the elders, John began to rejoice. Everything heard I, John. And the prophet tells us that John represents the bride. So whatever happened with the lamb taking the book has a direct impact upon the bride of Jesus Christ. Now watch because when the book comes open every mystery that laid in the book everything that was sealed up in Revelation chapter 5 is now going to be loosed. And let me say this we found out that he took the book. And as a matter of fact, if you go to chapter 10, you'll find out that whenever that mighty angel descended, he didn't have a closed book. He had an open book. And let me say this, not only did the lamb take the book, but the lamb opened the book. The lamb broke the seals, and then he handed the book down to the seventh angel to reveal it to the people. Hallelujah. Listen, not only did Listen, only thing we have, only thing you have is the same way it was with Moses when Moses stood in front of that burning bush. You got the word of a prophet. Amen. That's the only thing we have. But let me say this. When it comes to the book coming open, not only do we have the word of a prophet, but the lamb, let him get his picture taken. The Lord let us see him in Revelation 10:1. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. He allowed man to take his picture. Let me remind you, this was not believers that took this picture. Come on. This was not followers of the message that took this picture. [Music] They had no association at all with the message of the hour. And I believe God allowed that to happen to allow it to be identification of the Lord coming down with an open book. Amen. Let me tell you something. That's not a rocket. [Applause] That's not even an airplane from an Air Force base. That's not a missile. That's a bomb. An a bomb. A DNA bomb. That's Revelation 10:1. I believe it. Don't you? Let me tell you what I believe that is. I believe that's the same one that Daniel saw in his day. I believe that is the ancient of days. I believe it's the same person that John saw in Revelation chapter 1. But he had hair that was white as wool, eyes as a flame of fire, and feet like brass that's been burned in the furnace. I believe that's the same one in Revelation 1. It's the same one that took the book in Revelation 5, and it's the same one that came down on Sunset Mountain in 1963. Listen to me. And we're not ashamed of it. We're not trying to hide it. We're not trying to make excuses. We say, "Praise the Lord." We say, "Praise the Lord." We say, "Thank you, Lord." We're not ashamed of God's message. The prophet tells us who that is. Now, remember when the seals come open, the prophet didn't even have this. It was months later before he even knew it. All right, anybody hearing me? So he has the vision and and actually preached a serious time 1962, months before it happens. Prophesied it before it happens. And then in 1963, here comes down this mighty angel. And the prophet tells us who he is. He's wigged with that white angel wig. Amen. To show that the message of him being God is the truth. He's the supreme judge of the universe. He's the judge of heaven and earth. He is God and nothing else but God. I'm going to ask you, what is the attraction on the mountain? What's the attraction on the mountain? Now the prophet preaches that he goes to a lot of mountain top experiences until he comes to the last mountain and he said whatever happened on Mount Calvary is the same thing that's happened on Mount Sunset. He said it was God fulfilling his word. Amen. So whatever happened on Sunset, here's that very same God. And look what he's doing. He's looking to the right. which is the way he looked down upon the earth when he looked to the right to the thief that was there. Hallelujah. And watch his last dying act upon the earth. Come on. As he told this thief, "This day you'll be with me in paradise." Amen. What are you saying? I'm telling you the very work of our kinsman redeemer that almighty God looked down upon man and said this day what did that man do? How many good works did the thief do? How many good deeds did the thief do? He deserved what he was getting. He said I deserve this. We we deserve this. But you've done nothing. That resurrection revelation, brother. There was something about that revelation that struck that thief upon the cross. And he said, "Lord, when you come into your kingdom, he never done nothing. He never done one good deed." But let me say, he looked past the blood. He looked past the agony. He looked past the the body. And he seen Almighty God behind those eyes. Amen. He seen God hanging on a cross. And here he come looking to the right. Notice this. Psalms 102. For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary. From heaven did the Lord behold the earth to hear the groaning of the prisoner and to loose those that are appointed to death. That tells me that Paul said, "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be." Hallelujah. Somebody's got to fulfill that. Somebody's got to fulfill that word. So, let's leave this building just a minute. The day of your appeal has come up. Let's go to the courtroom. Can you imagine you've been waiting? Oh, glory. You've been waiting for this moment and now the time has come. I can imagine you're a nervous wreck and you come into the courtroom. Maybe you got your head down. It's real somber. And you walk over and you get behind your place where the defense is and you look over at your attorney and it's Jesus Christ. And then you take a glimpse over at the jury and it's Jesus Christ. Amen. And then you look up then you look on the throne and it's Jesus Christ. I don't know about you. I'm feeling better already. I said I'm feeling better already. He's my judge. He's my attorney. He's my jury. He's the alpha. He's the omega. He's the first. He's the last. He's the beginning. And he's the ending. He's got the final say. He's got the last word. He is the one that can actually declare your innocence. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It's three manifested in one. Hallelujah. Ain't that the way every believer sees him? I see one God. [Applause] The prosecutor which is blind, the prophet said the prosecutor's the devil the accuser is the devil and the star witness for the prosecution come on is the devil. So if you whoop the devil, if you defeat the devil, they're going to lose their prosecutor. They're going to lose their star witness. Hallelujah. They're going to lose everything. If that devil can become defeated, if Satan can be put under your feet, the prosecutor, the accuser, the witness is gone. There's nothing to stand against you. Now, the prosecutor, he's wanting to make a show out of this thing, man. So, they wants to get loud. He wants to get boisterous. He wants to tell you how wicked you are, how dirty you are, how sinful that you are. He wants to remind you of how many mistakes you made, all the shortcomings that you got. Say amen, somebody. And after he gets done of ripping and snorting and tearing and blowing and saying this and accusing that and pointing this finger, there stands the lamb. I mean the the defense attorney Hallelujah. And he says, "Father, I'd like to present some evidence on behalf of my client, which happens to be my son." Hallelujah. I'd like to present some evidence that has come up in this case. What is it? It's blood. I get dangerous about right now. What kind of evidence you want to present? I want to present a blood. And I want to say this, this blood has been kept. This blood has been sealed. This, let me tell you, this evidence has not been tampered with. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want to present this blood. As a matter of fact, we've run samples on this blood. Matter of fact, we've looked so deep into this blood, we can not only tell you that our client is completely innocent, we can tell you who did it. [Applause] Prophet says like this on the token when he becomes both judge, jury and attorney, he he pleaded our case. We found guilty by his own law. He come back and took the guilty's person's place that was in the sanctuary. He took his sin. and he took it upon himself and died and paid the price and shed his blood and give back his own token, his own life. And the prophet stopped. He says, "While we're perfect," he says, "the case, the case is dismissed. There is no more sin to the believer. Amen. He said there is the case and the case is dismissed. No more case to it. Then safely with the token applied when death begins to smite against the door out there, it has no control. So the same way when the death angel came through Egypt that night that if they had the blood of the lamb over the lentil, the death angel could not touch the firstborn. Let me say this. You're the firstborn, the church of the firstborn. And if you got the blood over your life, death cannot touch you. Invisible Union verdict. You never sinned at the first place. God don't even know. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. Anybody know what that sea is? The blood of Jesus Christ. It's in the sea of God's forgetfulness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser. But really from the beginning, I said from the beginning. God is not looking at you by time. He's not keeping up by time element. He's not keeping up. Are you hearing me? But actually, he looks at you not as you are. He looks at you always was really from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and a daughter of God. Hallelujah. Do you know why? There's a higher law that comes. The prophet tells us, let me close. He said everything on earth is under a law. Right? Even we live under a law. That's the reason when you're going down the road and God gives you grace and the speed limit's 55, grace is zero to 55. Amen. No, seriously, that's a quote. And you going over the law and you look in your rearview mirror and there's blue lights back there. That police officer does not pull you over and walk up to your window to congratulate you how good of a driver you are. I'm coming just to tell you how wonderful a day it is. And I'm just so happy and I wanted to pull you over to congratulate you. You're the 565th person that I pulled over today and I just want to tell you how wonderful I drive. You put your blinker on and you stopped at the stop sign and you did this and I just want to congrat Yeah. Right. The police officer represents the law. And his job, come on, is to enforce the law. But if you go below beyond the law, hallelujah. Right? Isn't it something that everything's under a law? Newton tells us that everything is under a law called the law of gravity. This handkerchief's under the law of gravity. Every time I let go of this handkerchief, what do you think's going to happen? Probably going to fall. And Newton said, "The law of gravity, every time that you do the same thing under the same circumstance, the law will do the exact same thing." And this was a lot of our lives right here. We're up and then we're down. We're up and then we're Amen. It's because the law of gravitation has effect and control on this and they tell us it controls it. It actually has the ability to controls it by the proportion of its size and its weight. So the heavier of weight of sin that it has, the more the law of gravity has an effect on it. Amen. Think about it. But if this anchor chip goes to fall and I catch it, if I catch it, do you know what happened? If some Oh, if something catches it, and something gets a hand on it, if something gets a hold of it, Oh, you need to help me right here. Help me bring it home. If something catches it, if something gets a hold of it, it interrupts the law of gravity on the handkerchief. And that interruption stops the fall. I said that interruption stops the fall. Hallelujah. That means that the law of gravity has become superseded by higher law. Can I tell you, Satan's been pulling on you since the day you was born. He pulled on you when you was a child. He pulled on you you when you was a teenager. He tried to drag you down and pull you down. But then something interrupted my fall. Oh, hallelujah. Something interrupted your fall. Something interrupted my fall. There was a higher law that superseded it. Yes, sir. The prophet tells us that an airplane will break gravity temporarily, right? He said, "But we're not living in the airplane age." [Applause] Because in the airplane age, gravity still has effect. But if you ever get sealed in, if you ever get sealed in to the rocket, I'm talking about that rocket that flew up there and it broke open and then it broke open again and it broke open. If you ever get sealed in behind the word, you can go to an atmosphere that is weightless. Do you realize that's one of the big things of the day today? people wants to get launched launched up there into space to where they can witness weightlessness. Well, let me just inform you. I don't know a long musk. I don't know anybody else. But let me tell you who I do know. I know the one who created weightlessness. I know the one that has superseded gravity. And he can take you while you are still on the earth. He can take you to an atmosphere where you are totally without sin whatsoever. Amen. Stand there for today. What do you think's going to happen on the morning of the rapture? He's fixing to be a rocket ride. I said there's fixing to be a rocket ride. A lot of people's looking for an airplane ride. I'm looking for a rocket ride. Amen. I said a lot of people's looking for airplanes. I'm looking for a rocket. I'm tired of this world. I'm tired of this place. I'm tired of this sin. I want to go to a place where there ain't none. Paul even tells us when it's going to happen. He said, "For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout." The voice of the archangel and the trump of God and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Hallelujah. Then when we which are alive and remain be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord, so shall we ever. When did Paul say that's going to happen? He said it's going to happen at the last trump. Now according to scripture, when Paul was speaking this, the people was trained to three trumpets. When they'd hear the first trumpet, the first trumpet meant get up. All right. Get ready. Pull up your stakes. Amen. Pack up. Get ready to go. When they heard the second trumpet sound, that means it's time to line up. Everybody gets in line. But then there's a third trumpet, which is the last trumpet. And the last trumpet is marching orders. [Music] And Paul said, "At the last trump, I want to tell you this. At the last trump, we may have been sitting on cell block D for a long time. But there's going to there's coming a day where you and I are literally going to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. I want to say this. We've heard the first trumpet to get ready. We've heard the second trumpet. The bride must stay in line. But the last trumpet, hallelujah, the last trumpet means it's time to march. It's time to move. It's time to get out. Hallelujah. We've already heard the shout. Come on, somebody. We've already heard the shout. The shouts went out. It's to gather the living bride together. We're looking for a feast, a wedding supper in the sky. Oh, don't you want to be a part of it? Listen friends, don't let nothing keep you from it that day. No matter what you got to do, no matter what you got to go through, make sure you're ready. The preparation time is now. He's in the house. Sing it. Hallelujah. Don't Don't you want to go, friends? We've heard the message. We've got the truth. Now, it's time for the manifestation of sons because the books come open. Sons can go back into their rightful position. They can go back to the origination. Friends, what do you think the millennium's going to be? Sons back in their original positions. Hallelujah. Oh, I don't know about you. I'm glad I'm living the day of the fulfillment of Enoch's time. Hallelujah. Oh, help him sing it today. Weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. Think about it now. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. How about that be you today? Some began to say somebody tell it in the highest had to flee. It has to flee today. Now there is you're living in the greatest hour that every man in the Bible has looked for. Used to be. Now there is hope. [Music] or down. That's what I want to do right now. I want to lift my voice. I want to lift my hands. I want to praise him today. We were like that little girl said it all. Come on, somebody. Jesus touched this heart of mine. Yes, he did. gave me life again. Oh yes, just a house. Just a house of a blessed day. There's a light that shines. Somebody let it shine for all the world. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Applause] He's in the house. Death has to believe. And now there is Oh, hallelujah. Lord God, we receive it today, Lord. We receive your promises, Lord. Lord, we believe that we're the people of the rapture, Lord. We believe we're the ones that's going to fulfill the word. Praise his name. Yes. Praise his name. He's in the house. Hallelujah. Yes. Now there is light. I have light and darkness. Now there is hope. Yes. And there's no more now. I'm going to praise his name. Yes, I am. Praise his name. Yes, I am. season. We were like that little remes. He was locked up on the sail. Glory to God. Jesus touched his heart of God. Hallelujah. Gave me life. Yes, he did. Hallelujah. I am just a house of just a born man at blessing the Lord. There's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Get past. Now there is hallelujah. In darkness you praise the Lord. Now there is hope. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. We're going to praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise his name. The bride's going to praise his name. He's in the house. Praise the Lord Jesus. Oh, somebody give a hand clap of praise today. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. Do you realize that there's a law on our books called double jeopardy? It's a legal term. It's a legal principle. And what it does is it prevents a defendant for being tried and punished for the same crime. So that means if your judgment was paid for, the double jeopardy law comes in effect on your life. You can never be judged again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can never be judged again. Praise be to God. Oh, let's sing it like this. Well, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. I said, this little light of mine, yes, I'm going to let it shine. I said this little light, [Applause] let it shine, let it shine, let it shine. Well, this little light of mine. Oh, won't you put your hands together? Well, this little light of mine, and I'm going to let it shine. Well, this little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Sing it like this right here. I said now I go. Well, I'm going to let it shine. I said everywhere I go. Yes, I'm Oh, everywhere I go, I'm going to let it shine. sing. I got to let it shine. Listen now. Well, Sat, he can't blow it out. [Music] Well, the prosecutor, he can't blow it out. Oh, Satan, he can't blow it out. [Music] Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Where'd you get it? Jesus came to me. I was over in a courtroom one day. Well, Jesus gave it to me. And I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I just feel like worshiping him a minute. [Music] And I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, let it shine. [Music] Well, Satan said he don't like it. [Music] [Applause] That blind prosecutor, that devil that's held you all your life. The devil, he know, but I'm going to let it shine. Got to let it shine. Oh, somebody sing it one more time. This little light. Welcome this little light. Oh yes, Lord. This low cost of mine [Music] shine. Well, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, let everything that has breath, let him praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Our God is awome. Yes, he's awome. So awesome. Your God is awome. My God is awesome. Oh yes, Lord. Awesome. He's awome. Your God is awome. [Applause] My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley and hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Yes, he's awesome. He's awome. I said he's awome. Your God is awesome. Oh, my God is mighty. [Applause] I said he's mighty. [Music] Yes, he's awome. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I hope when I grow up I can preach like that. Don't you appreciate God's gifts? Amen. I saw a video clip on YouTube of a man that had been released just a couple months ago and he stood before a press corps as they were there and asking him. had been on in this uh penitentiary in prison for 37 years and he had said all along that he was innocent of the crime and that he wasn't even there but it was supposed to have been an eyewitness of course we know was blind just keep in mind your accuser and your eyewitness is blind who would take the word of a blind man to witness a case. So they bring this man up and he he's shaking. He's he's crying and uh you know that they want to say how how do you feel? How how do you feel? He said, "I don't know." He just kind of shugging his shoulders and and the man is so emotional and so torn up. And then someone finally asked him said, "Do you do you hate anybody? Do you do you hate the justice system? Do you is there anybody you want to get even with? He said, "No, I just want to enjoy life." That's what Jesus made us for. Aren't you glad you're free today? He took your place. You can lock me up in a prison. We sing it together now and throw away the king. [Music] Take away my vision. [Music] From these eyes that now can see. [Music] deprived me of the food I need and even my hands and feet. But as long as I I know Jesus [Music] and I could still hallelujah everybody now. Oh, he said that I could still go free. [Music] Hallelujah. What kind of a man aren't you glad to be will reach down that nailham and do this for me? Even me. know I'm worthy to live and not fit to kill. But the man on the cross had your name written under the seven sea and said that I I could still [Music] [Applause] [Music] I knew you could quite I don't understand why a great king would leave heaven. [Music] put on. Think of it the robe of an earthly man. feel pain of flesh and bone into later trunk of that long that led to Calary or our brothers. [Applause] Oh, where the blood is it broke all your chain. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I could still go free. Tell me what kind. [Applause] Thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you do this for me. Oh, hallelujah for you and me. So unworthy to live, not Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The man on that cross. Thank you, Jesus. He said that I I could still go free. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Cannot in the middle of the day. Praise the Lord. Let us just sing one more before we go. Can we? The sun was hot. Angry moth gathered by the gray stone building. Great with his crew stepped out on his balcony. nervously washing his hands to rid him of the blood. Pilot never washed away. His wrinkled brows showed the worried lies. I heard P say [Music] I find no fault in this man called Jesus the healer from the shores of Galilee. Glory. But I command you to ask me to let him go free. Don't make me take his blood to the grave with me. [Music] Nervously washing his hands to rid him of the blood. He would never wash away. Oh Lord God, they cried for the blood of this innocent man. But I heard, oh my, oh glory. Oh, and it was midnight in the middle of the day. Trembling solders knelt before his cross. The whole world shook. The veil was ran as a sinless Christ was slain. And it was midnight in the middle of the day. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And thunder roll across the rock. Hallelujah. Lightning burn like a fire across the sea. But on the holy hills the angels wave a crimson flag of triumph. They shouted death. Good Lord. Don't you know that death is swallowed up in victory? Glory to God. Glory to God. Victory. Oh, hallelujah. Let's sing it again. Thunder road. Oh, thunder roll across the rock mountain. And lightning burn like a fire across the sea. On the holy hills, the angels a crimson ling. [Music] Don't you know that death is following victory? You are his victory. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. You imagine Paul in describing the resurrection and he says when this is brought to pass then will come to pass this saying death is swallowed up in victory not at the resurrection of the Lord Jesus but at the rapture of the church. Oh what a day friends. Hadn't it been awesome for us to be here together these few days? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let me just express a few thank yous and a few appreciations and then we'll let you go. We want to say thank each of you visitors that's been with us in our gates and hopefully you've felt welcome and and at home. Uh also want to thank the deacons for all their help during this time. All the brothers on the parking lot that helped you to park and to be able to show you where to go and out there in that heat. We so appreciate that. All the singers, the musicians, song leaders, the ministry brothers, um the sisters that help prepare the little bag lunch things for you. And we'll have a meal for you over here in the fellowship hall once we close here. And if I've missed anybody else, we appreciate you, too. But it's we call them special meetings of course not just here but other churches where you go and they are special. We could have these three brothers here and they would have come and preached just for our church. But why in the world would we want to keep you all from being here? You what help makes it special. And we want to thank most of all our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for saving us, redeeming us, calling us together in the opaces of the message of the hour. And I've said it so many times, the local church probably gets tired of hearing me say it, but I want to thank him for our place here that he's given to us after all these years. It had been years over at the old church at Happy Valley before we'd even been able to have a special meeting because our people filled it up. We had no place to set anybody and no place to park the cars, but the Lord has helped us to be able to have this place. And we're just so thankful and so grateful that we could come together once again. Let's just bow our heads together and we'll pray over the food. And Lord Jesus, it has been such an awesome three days, Father. Lord, Brother Matt, open it up for us. And I just believe that you'd done great things, Father, in that service. I've already heard so many people talking about it that it helped them. Then Lord, Brother Daryl bringing to us, Father, a message of faith. And the prayer line was so wonderful. And we're believing for great things that happened. Then Lord, today our brother David been able to get out of the way. And Lord, just remind us who we are. So when we leave this place today, we can take the assurance in our heart the case is dismissed. We're thankful, Lord. As we go now to partake of some natural food, we just ask that you'd bless it, sanctifying to our bodies, and Lord, we have a little time together of fellowship. And we pray that you just watch over your children. Many of them will be start heading home north, south, east, west this afternoon, some leaving out tomorrow. It always hurts our hearts when we have to say goodbye. We weren't made to say goodbye like this. No doubt if we have this meeting again next year, there'll be some that will have already gone to glory and some that'll maybe not have the opportunity to come back. And we'll never have this same setting again. But we're longing for the day. We'll all be gathered together up at your house. Father, we'll all be young and we'll all be new and changed. and we'll all get to see you face to face. Keep us by your grace. Father, watch over us and keep us until that time. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. We appreciate the musicians that have played and helped and been singers. Amen. Praise the Lord. Some God bless you. You can be dismissed. You can make your way out these doors here over to the fellowship hall if you haven't been there and they'll have the food there ready for you. God bless you. We love you so much. In the name of Jesus, you can be dismissed. You called the son to rest. You lay it down to rest. You hold this heart of mine. You hold my every breath. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless, [Music] so generous, [Music] so faithful you are. You call the sun to rise. You laid down to rest. You hold this heart of mine. You hold my every breath. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're an awesome God, so selfless, [Music] so generous, so faithful you are. [Music] And nothing comes close to the Lord almighty. Nothing is as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord. Almighty. Nothing is as sweet as his love and mercy. He's such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're an awome God, so selfless. So generous, so faithful. You are [Music] seated in majesty, [Music] raining in holyness. The table is set for me. You are the livinging bread. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, [Applause] so holy, so wonderful. You're an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are. You're an awesome God. Oh mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are. You're such an awesome God. So, so [Music] heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
