################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 04-13-2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - We Have No King But Cesar - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   04-13-2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - We Have No King But Cesar
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4icOdSG_6QY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Precious blood of the lamb. There is power. Power wonders walk in power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wondous walking power in the preious blood of the lamb. There is victory, victory, wonders. Walk in victory in the blood of the lamb. There is victory, victory. on us walk in victory in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from passion and pride? There is power in the blood. Power in the blood. [Music] for a cleanse to calary tide. There is wonder working power in the blood. There is power, power, wonders working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonders. Walk in power in the prayer shells blood of the lamb. There is victory. Victory. on us. Walk in victory in the blood of the lamb. There is victory. Victory. Wonders. Walk in victory. In the preious blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together this morning for the King of Kings then Lord of Lord. Thank you Jesus. What a blessing. What a joy to be in his presence this morning. Let us rise as we open the service this morning. Let us bring those knees before our God this morning. Thank him for all that he has done. Give him praises. Give him glory. And give him honor. Heavenly Father, we want to bless your holy name this morning. We thank you God for such a wonderful privilege given to us Lord to gather around your table around your word bless the service of today Lord bless the p the pastor Lord uh remember uh bless the song service heavenly father we thank you oh God for many many things that you've done for us oh God remember even those that are screaming online may you be with them even those that are trying to make their way here Lord bless and bring them safely Lord we thank you oh God for this time of praises and worship may your spirit condescend upon on us this morning. We thank and bless your holy name. In Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just clap for Jesus. Amen. What a joy to be in his presence this morning. Amen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hallelujah. Standing on the promises of Christ my king. Through eternal ages, let his praises sing. Glory in the highest. I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of God. Standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises that cannot fail. When the howling storms of doubt and fear are sealed. By the living word of God, I shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. [Music] Standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Standing standing standing on the Promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of [Music] God. If you believe it, shout glory this morning. Amen. We are standing on his promise this morning. Let's go ahead and sit. Um I think the deacons will go ahead and take the offering. We have our specials here this morning. Um the first one will be um brother Elijah and sister Joy. God bless you. Last last week, Friday was my birthday and I want to thank the almighty God for adding another year to my head. And uh after service, I just inviting the church to have a dinner with me. And uh the deacons have the invites. So, we're going to sing a song, How Great Are. You can join us and sing. Amen. [Music] Oh Lord my God, when I in some [Music] wonder the world. [Music] I see the stars. I hear the rolling on earth. through all the universe his way. Dancing my soul, my savior died to thee. How great thou are. How great thou sings my soul, my savior God to me. How great thorough of birds sleeping in the tree. And I don't [Music] for the feelings my soul. Oh my savior died in thee. How great thou [Music] are. How great [Music] th my soul my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. And when I feel my God is on the [Music] spares can't take it. And on the cross my burden to take away my s my soul. Oh my savior God to be. How great how great the world. How great how great [Music] the blessing is my soul. my savior God to me. How great thou [Music] are, how great thou are. When Christ shall come, we shall miss and take me home. The joy shall fill my heart and I shall bow. humble rich and my God, how great thou art. This is my soul, my God to me. How great, how great thou are. How great thou are sing my soul, my s not to me. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou [Applause] [Music] [Applause] are Jesus. [Applause] brother. All right, we have um sister Joy and brother one here. I don't know if they're ready. Let's go ahead and sing. We have um time is against us this morning. Um if we cannot get that, we get some other time. Let's go ahead and stand as we continue the song service. Um allow the deacons to go ahead and pick up the offering. God bless you. Amen. Turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you." You happy to be here this morning? [Music] Amen. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's will the rest of my life. I made up my mind. Oh, goodbye [Music] world. Hallelujah. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's will the rest of my life. I made up my mind. Rest of my life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you by pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind. Rest of my life. Born born again. I'm God. I'm born again. Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Hallelujah. Oh, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born, born, born again. I'm God. I'm born again. Born of the spirit and blood. Thank God I'm born again. F of the spirit and blood. Thank God. Hallelujah. Born, born again. I'm God. I'm born again. Born, born, born again. I'm God, I'm born again. Born of the spirit, spirit, blood. God, I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit, and blood. God, I'm born. Hallelujah. Born born again. Hallelujah. B, born [Music] again. Born of the water, spirit and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit and the blood. Thank God I'm born. I've got my mind made up. And I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Good to pleasure of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let the saints of God and the saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice up. Home at last ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face yet to sing forever. Hallelujah. [Music] There's a pass. Oh, at last ever see it again. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. [Music] On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Can't surpass home at last ever. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Hallelujah. Amen. Believe that this morning, shout glory. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. What a joy. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Turn to your neighbor, say, "We are praising this morning." Tell your neighbors, say, "We are praising our most high God this morning." Amen. Amen. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burn in me. Set my soul on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and go full desire. Make me like the Christ of hope, healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus had through the blood that was shed. Friend, Holy Spirit burn in me. Hallelujah. [Music] desire. Make me like the Christ of all healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus heard through the blood that was shed. Burn. Holy Spirit burn in me. [Music] [Music] [Music] Make me feel like Christ fall healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus heard through the blood that was shed. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. It's always a blessing when we come to praise him. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. All right, let's go ahead and sing this song as we turn all over the order of Sabbath this [Music] morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Just give you all this morning. Just Give him your heart this morning. Thank him for everything and invite the presence of God this morning in our heart this morning. Amen. Blessed the show Jesus. [Music] Ohness, of glory [Music] divine, here of salvation, watches of God, born of his [Music] spirit washing in his blood. This is story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect. Sal, perfect. V shall of Christ on my side. Angels [Music] descending ring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of [Music] love. Story. [Music] This is my song. Praising my sior. [Applause] [Music] This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my savior all the day long. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Hallelujah. What a joy to be in his presence this morning. Thank you, Lord. All right, let's go ahead and sing the song as pastor make his way here. [Music] Song 139 [Music] here. Hallelujah. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the nar of God in all my life I see and the reason of my please the sacred call is this that the comforter abide with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. All the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the [Music] narrow. He is with me everywhere and he knows my [Music] every for the spirit have control. Jesus sanctis my soul and the comforter is here with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Halleluah. Christ abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing indeed as I walk the narrow way for the comfort of Christ with me. Oh yes, he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. Christ abides with me. I'm rejoicing and pain as I walk the narrow way for the [Music] long. Praise the [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Uh you may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And uh we want to thank the Lord for giving each and every one of us the opportunity to be here this morning. And uh we thank the Lord also for blessing us through the week and uh uh all of his blessings there. Let me guess through the thanks notes of thanks here and uh from sister Kelly. I'm so grateful to the Lord for his grace and mercy upon my life. I thank him for his great love that uh protect me from many in injury that could have occurred from the accident uh this past week. I want to thank everyone for your prayers as I recover. Amen. Praise the Lord. This one from brother Dian saints uh God bless you all for your prayers for my wife sister. Her her knee surgery went well and she's doing very well by God's grace. She's recovering. Amen. She's recovering at time. God bless you again. Amen. That's that's from brother Dan and uh uh prayer request here from brother Ben. I pray for my mom who is in the hospital. So remember brother Ben's mother this morning. And uh this one from brother Hillary Shalon says kindly keep my wife and daughter in your prayer. that will be traveling this week. So we want to give thanks and we also want to remember these needs. Amen. Before we do that, we will greet brother Jala back there that sister Bridget Husman uh he got in Wednesday night. We want to thank the Lord for granting him a safe travel. God bless you, brother Jella. Amen. You are welcome. And uh let's just bow our heads and take these knees to the Lord in prayer. If you also have a special need you want to be remembered this morning, you can do it by an uplifted hands. It is no secret what God can do. Let's play that. [Music] [Music] What he thought for the others he will do for you. Amen. With his arm wide [Music] open he pled you. It is no secret what God can do. It is no [Music] secret what God will do. What he done for all others, he'll do for you. [Music] With his arm wide [Music] open, he pled you. Oh yes, it is no secret what Lord will do. Heavenly Father, we want to just thank you Lord God for um your wonderful blessings upon us Lord giving us another opportunity to be in your house. So father we just want to appreciate you for your love and your mercy. Thank you God father for giving us Lord God this time that we can come together as your children. Lord, uh the religious word is uh celebrating what they would call the Palm Sunday, but Lord, Father, uh the Bible will call it a triumph entry. And Lord God and uh David will say in the Psalm many years back, this is the day that the Lord has made that we should rejoice and be glad in it. And father we realize out of your word that there was a prophecy concerning that very day. Oh God I pray father Lord how they should be every day of our lives that God we should rejoice and be glad oh God that you have given us another opportunity. But father we pray this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Thanking you, Father, Lord God, for being with uh the saints through the week, Lord, helping uh rescuing Sister Kelly, Father God, from what will have been a very tragic accident. We thank you, precious Lord, Father, oh God. And uh we also want to thank you, dear Lord Jesus, uh for Sister Geneva, too, Lord G. We pray that you will continue to comfort the family. you will bless them as they make preparation father Lord to lay her mother remains. Father we pray oh God and also Lord for sister Fatu. We want to thank you Lord G for giving her Lord God uh a wonderful successful uh procedure surgery Lord G. Father we ask that Lord you'll bring her to full healing. Oh God we just we give you all the praise. We give you glory and honor. Father, we know that uh even sister Michelle too, they stay [Music] motiv mother. Father God, we know that Lord, the only distance in praying is to whisper your name, but there's no distance this morning, Father. So we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, thou the great physic physician, Lord, you know, God, Father, what the illness in her body from the crown of her head, Lord, Father God, to her to the soul of her foot. We pray that Lord, your grace will go through her body, Lord. touch her, heal her, Father, Lord, we pray to God, Father, Lord Jesus, also Father, for the uh Sister Nessie, Lord God, and Jim Setter that will be traveling. We just want to ask your blessings, Lord, to be with them. Grant them your traveling mercy, Lord, Father. Oh God, and with every need, Lord, Father, under the lifted hands, oh God, we commit it to you, precious Lord Jesus. We just want to pray that God Father your grace Lord we undertake for your people Lord God. Many Lord Jesus that are mourning. Many know God Father Lord that are hurting oh God we just commit them in your hands. We are all needed people. We are all hurting people Lord. So we pray that Lord you will come in a special way. Come in a special way Father this morning Lord. Oh God, if there is ever a time mortal needs your help is right now. Lord, I need your help. I pray that father you will come give us alterance Lord that father we can be able to bring your word Lord to your people. Dear Lord we pray father God Lord Jesus thank you blessing our brother Jala with a good trip. We pray that God you will help them as they settle down together. Father we love you. We appreciate you father. What a faithful God. What a loving father you are. as we commit oursel in your hands now. Thank you sweet Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Joy, you still want to do the song? We should do it. Okay. We had a special. I heard them calling us out for the special, but my head was not together. I had just a whole lot of a thing on my head. Uh I hope I would not the last time I had to ruin the children special. I hope I would not ruin yours today. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh if you can just put uh uh The Lord is my shepherd. For the words are for us. That will help me. I don't remember the words. Okay. [Music] [Music] Lost my share. No one [Music] makes [Music] me [Music] gra still Oh, this goodness restores my soul. Let's take that again. Let's do it again. Though those my [Music] shles grave, he leads me by The still still water is goodness. [Music] Restore my soul and I will trust in you. Oh, and I will trust in you alone. [Music] for your endless mercy follows me. Your goodness will lead me and I will follow you. Let's sing that again. And I will find trust in you. And I will trust in you. And I will trust in you. [Music] For your endless mercy follows me. Your good will be need. Okay. Praise the Lord. Thank you for bearing with us. We will do that. This is a song that's supposed to be a congregational song and uh Joy and myself thought that we will sing it to introduce it. But I think uh I need to do a better practice. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Praise the Lord. You know the thing about uh a Christian, it must never be difficult to admit when you are wrong. Amen. When you start struggling to admit when you are wrong, then you need to be at the foot of the cross. Praise the Lord. Amen. and let's stand on our feet and uh [Music] uh let's sing this chorus. Uh uh uh I thought I would sing it at the end of the service, but let's let's do it now. Miah is the King of Kings. Blessing the air. [Music] [Music] Oh, he is the king of kings and the lord of all. Oh, Messiah is the king of kings. Isaiah is the Lord of all. Oh, he is the King of Kings and the Lord of Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord of Lord. Oh, Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord. Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord. Oh, he's my King. He's the King of Kings and the Lord. Oh Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the lord of lord. Oh Jesus is the king of kings. Jesus is the lord of lord. Oh Jesus is the king of k. Oh king. Jesus is the lord. Oh, he's my king. He's my king of kings. Oh, and the Lord, the Lord of all. Oh, king. Jesus is the king of kings. Jesus is the Oh yes, he's my king. He's the king of kings and the lord of all. Oh king Jesus is my king of kings. Oh Jesus is the blessing I want. Oh Jesus is the king of kings. Oh Jesus is the Lord. Oh Jesus is the king. King of kings. Oh yeah. Jesus is the Lord. Oh he's the king. He's the king and the Lord. And the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Jesus is the king of kings. Oh, Jesus is I say he's my king. He's the king of kings and the lord of Oh hallelujah. Jesus is the king of kings. And Jesus is the Lord of lords. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. The Lord bless you. Bless you. Thank you, musicians. And uh let's take our Bibles. Let's take our Bibles to St. John chapter 19. St. John chapter 19. St. John chapter 19, we want to we want to uh just read uh let's read from verse 12. St. John chapter 19. I want to read from verse 12. And from henceforth Pilate sought to release him. But the Jews cry out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou are not Caesar's friend. Whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar. And Pilate therefore when Pilate therefore heard this saying, he brought Jesus forth and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the pavement but in the Hebrew Gabatha. And it was the preparation of the Passover. and about the six hours. And he said unto the Jews, "Behold your king." But they cried out, "Away with him! Away with him! Crucify him!" Pilate said unto them, "Shall I crucify your king?" The chief priest answered, "We have no king but Caesar." Let us pray. Father, I just want to take this little talk this morning and to encourage uh your people. Father, I pray that Lord, the inspiration of the Almighty will give us wisdom this morning, Lord, to be able to distribute the word of life. And Father, come out of the pages of your word, speak to us this morning. We love you and we appreciate you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. This morning we want to take that as our subject. We have no king but Caesar. Praise the Lord. And I will say right off of the back, none of us in our religious practice will be as religious as this man that make this statement. For the Jews to choose a man to be a chief high priest, he can trace. We are all Abraham children by faith. None of us have the history how to trace our father to our grandfather and connect it with Abraham. But this man can do it. Praise the Lord. In the Levitical priesthood, you should be able to trace your lineage back to Aaron. For this man to be a high priest, he could trace lineage back to Aaron, the brother of Moses. If you read Matthew chapter 1 and you see the galology of Jesus Christ, how it runs down from Adam, the Jews were very common in there. They were very very it was something that they were very very very uh you know uh it was common to them to be able to trace your lineage back to David you know or trace your lineage back before the man you know uh uh uh will be set as a ruler uh uh not not even yet as a king but uh because the scepter was coming from out of the house of David they must be able to trace his lineage back to David. That is the reason why when when Saul uh uh uh uh when when Samuel took Saul and and uh uh and told Saul that he was going to be a captain. While watch the scripture though Samuel never told Saul, you're going to be a king. He told Saul, "You're going to be a captain. Are you not the one that the heart of the people long for?" Praise the Lord. The first question that that that that Saul asks, "Am I not a Benjamite?" Why? Because he knows that he lineage don't goes back to Judah. His lineage goes back to Benjamin. And there is no king in the house of Benjamin. The king must come from from Judah. So he asked the question, am I not a Benjamite? in a sense to say how is it that you are telling me I'm going to be a captain. So it was something that was very common for the Jews. So this is not an honor statement. This is a very serious statement and that is what I want for us to be able to look at this morning because I can tell you uh uh that uh uh many of us are making this statement this very statement that we don't have no king but Caesar. We might not be uh uh giving allegiance to Caesar in Rome but we are giving allegiance to something than the word of God. That's right. Praise the Lord. So, I pray that the Lord will be able to uh uh envelope us and involve us this morning as we go right into the word. Amen. But uh uh before we do there, we want to once again remind you that this coming weekend, Saturday night and uh and and Sunday morning, we will have uh uh special uh Easter services. Uh we having our brother Pastor uh Crosby Maliku from uh from the UK. Uh he will be he will be with us. Uh he actually will fly in on Tuesday and then uh Wednesday we will take him down to preach for brother Brooks and then uh uh he will be back in town Thursday or Friday and then he will speak for Saturday night and Sunday morning. So we want to encourage each and every one of you to come support for the meeting on Saturday night. I know you will come on Sunday morning, but uh if you can be able to make it on Saturday night, we would love to see your faces. Amen. Let's come and you know, let's let's celebrate the the Easter together. Praise the Lord. Let's celebrate the Easter together. That's uh that is the only uh religious most religious holiday that we have is to celebrate the resurrection. That is what our faith is all about. Amen. Amen. It's about the resurrection. Praise the Lord. So let's come together on uh uh Saturday night and Sunday morning and celebrate the resurrection. So uh uh and then we want to say uh you know my one my little girl was asking me this morning uh uh uh daddy why is this week called the holy week? I said, "Well, every week supposed to be a holy week for a believer." Praise the Lord. It's not one week out of the year should be a holy week. If if we take one week to be the a holy week, then the rest of the year the the week in a year is uh sinning week. You know, if one week should be holy, then the rest should be, you know, sinning week. So and uh but just trying to give other background is it's all because it's uh it's a week that have been set aside to make uh uh commemoration of the death, burial and resurrection of our Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Uh when I was studying last night, I was I was trying to I was looking at a timetable that uh I thought I I would share with you I really didn't uh yeah I didn't I didn't send it out there. So I'll share it with you another time. And uh so uh this uh this morning that's what we want to look at. uh uh Jesus there in palace hall of this great uh trial. Praise the Lord. And uh uh to show that uh he was the prince of glory even in his death in the time of his triumph. when you read uh uh uh Luke chapter 23, let's read that. I want us to just read some few things before we get into preaching this morning. Uh I just I just pray that uh I'll be able to get myself together. Amen. I'm not I'm not an evangelist. Uh but I want to I want to preach like an evangelist this morning. So I need a very special anointing. Amen. I'm not an evangelist. Uh I will be impersonating an evangelist but I want to preach this message like an evangelistical message. Now so the Bible says here in St. Luke 23:12, "And the same day Pilate and Herod made friends and uh uh so there was some kind of uh uh uh the same day Pilot and Herod uh were made friends together for before they were uh there were an ainity between themselves. So there was something between Pilate and uh uh and and Herod. And if you if you if you if you try to picture uh the the the story there is because uh uh Pilate was a Roman uh uh governor. And what the Rome would do is that the Rome will always take somebody. Uh you read the book of Jeremiah, you will find that too. when when the Babylonian captured Jerusalem, they took they took somebody of the Jews and make him a governor or a preet over the place. So that that was how Herod was because to the Roman they thought that Herod was a Jew but to the Jew they did not believe that Herod was a Jew because uh he was uh uh from Edom. He was an Edomite and the the story goes between Esau and Jacob. So you can you can look into that. So there was always you know uh uh you know uh fusses between the both of them. But just to think about it that at uh you know at the death of our Lord Jesus at his death here is it that just on the table of the crucification of these of these men that these two men that were fussing had to settle their problems. Praise the Lord. Amen. We we are very familiar with uh uh the story of uh of Jesus when he were arrested. We are very familiar with uh with the story of Simon Peter taking off his uh uh sword and you know cutting the ear of uh one of the the Roman guide off and Jesus taking uh that ear down from the ground and and placing it back on uh on the man. the Bible somewhere in one of the episodes that I think uh Matthew also call him Micas and uh uh so we see that uh even in the time of his death there were he was stay in control. Amen. He was still in control of every situation. Praise the Lord. He was still bringing healing to a man whose ear cut. And but there was something that that flew at me that I want us to look at also closely. So uh uh let's go to Mark chapter let's go to Mark chapter Praise the Lord. Mark chapter 14. in Mark chapter 14. In Mark chapter 14, if you read uh uh from verse 15, in Mark chapter 14, if you read from verse 15, love the Lord this morning. Amen. Are you uh are you praying for me? Yeah, I need it. Praise the Lord. Now in Mark chapter 15, if you read from uh uh Mark chap did I say 15 or 14? Mark chapter 14. If you read from verse verse 15, 14:50 says, "And they all forsoke him and fled. And there follow him a certain young man having a linen cloth cast about his his naked body. And the young man lay hold on him. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he left the len claws and fled from them naked. This if you continue to read you will realize that this was during the arrest of Jesus. They have come into the garden. They have arrested him. Now to be able to get a a a clear picture of this you have to go over uh let me you have to go over to uh uh St. John chapter 18 to be able to get a real clear picture of this. But what is happening here is that John did not included this account of this young boy that was caught with a linen cloth around him and the Bible says he was naked. Now, if you want to grab the picture together, that was the Jewish way of burying the person. They wrap you in a liner cloth. Praise the Lord. So, there is something that took place here. If you go to uh uh uh uh m I mean St. John chapter 18 and you read the story, you will realize that when the Roman soldier, you know, Judas told them the one that will go and give a kiss, he's the one. And Judas and and the soldiers came into the the garden and he went and gave Jesus a kiss. Praise the Lord. And the Bible would tell us that when the Roman soldier went to get a hold of Jesus, who remember what happened? Praise the Lord. Yeah. He you know, every one of them fell down. Praise the Lord. You remember that? You remember reading that? Now, you will see that if you look at this account in in Mark and you look at that account in in St. John, this account happened at the same time when they came to arrest Jesus. The Bible says, let's let's let's do a little reading there. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Okay. If you drop down to uh to verse 5 of chapter 18. Amen. And they answered him, Jesus of Nazareth, he said unto them, I am he. And uh Judas also which betrayed him stood with them. As soon as as soon then as he has said unto them, I am he, they went backward and fell to the ground. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you want to take the two account together, when they went backward and fell to the ground, there was a resurrection that took place. Because what is happening here when you go back to Mark, Mark just inserted that that little place. And if if you if you note in context, uh Mark wrote Peter's account of the gospel. It's actually Peter's account, but it was written by Mark. Are we together? So he put that part of it there. You don't find it anywhere in the gospel, but you will realize that here is a a young man that was just buried because the linen cloth, if you go and study the scripture right from Exodus down, the linen cloth was bearing cloth. Praise the Lord. Amen. And for the fact that he was also without clothes on which mean he was wrapped in the linen cloth. And you have to realize they are the they were bearing in toms. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. I mean h it's it's so fascinate me to realize the millions of things that happen. We only have a teaspoon full of them. Of all the things that happened just in that period of time. Are we together? Just in that period of time, Jesus carrying his cross uh uh uh uh and and and uh and and here's a man uh h a simmon here that that help him to carry the cross and brought a complete uh h blessing to the gentile dispensation and uh and I mean all of the things that is just taking place. But this one caught my mind because as I was as I was reading and trying to compare the story, I realized no this is about the very same time when these Roman soldiers came to grab our Lord Jesus or asking him are you Jesus of Nazareth? He said, "Yes, I'm he." And just like that. I mean, what what a role. What a voice. How did he say it that God will cause an a a shaking of the earth for those trained Roman soldier that was one of the best soldier in the world at that time that a man will just says here am I and his voice will throw them backward and it will fall to the ground. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. There was no illlet among them, that ilith will have picked up his his swore and go home. We realize there there is something about this man. Amen. If just his voice is throwing us off and knocking us to the ground. But the Bible says here in Luke, I want to get back there to to Mark, Mark chapter 14. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just watch how how the scripture will place this. You have time, you can go home and look at that. I just I just try to insert this because it it really got a hold of me. Praise the Lord. The Bible says here that if you look back there in uh in Mark chapter chapter 14, you will realize right here and uh uh you you'll realize right 46. And they laid their hands on him and took him and one of and and one of them that stood by drew his sword and smuck the seven of the high priests and cut off his ears. Now you go down verse 50 said, "And they all forsoke him and fled." They speaking about the the disciples of Jesus. And there follow him a certain young man having a liner cloth. Where did he came from? Where did he came from with all of these things happening? Having a linen clo and don't have clothes on him. He had just experienced a resurrection. Praise the Lord. Even at a time where the praise of life was about to give his life. I mean, it's just some of the things you read in the scripture to grab your mind and and you just think about it. Is there anything too high for the Lord? Amen. Is there anything too high for the Lord? You have you have to see it that God was in control. He's He's in control that very moment. everything that was happening. Are we together? Well, let's get to our subject this morning. That's that just my my little breaking news I wanted to bring to you. Amen. That even in his death, he made peace. Praise the Lord. Amen. The discussion of his death make peace between two enemies. his disciples trying to defend him not to die cut off a Roman soldier ear off. I believe that man lived the rest of his life touching his ears every minute and second. Praise the Lord. I mean he just he just got a touching ear syndrome. Everybody saw him going down the street. He would just touch his ears as he go by. He just touches Praise the Lord. And someone who asks him, I I I realize you keep touching your ears. What's wrong? If you know what happened, nobody had a phone to take picture there, bro. But if you know what happened, this ear was off. He got a touching ear syndrome. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And a young man also got another opportunity to life. And you can get an opportunity to life this morning. Amen. Amen. Yeah. You can get an opportunity to life this morning. That's the God that we serve. Amen. He's a mighty God. Amen. He is a mighty God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Matthew chapter 1. Matthew chapter 1. I've used this before, but I want to I want to take you down a trail here for me to be able to get to what I want to talk about. Matthew chapter 1. Keep your Bible handy because we we we will Amen. Matthew chapter one when we study this in time past. Uh verse one, the book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. What we brought out of the scripture long time ago in the right order, Abraham comes before David. But why would we Matthew put David, the son of David, the son of Abraham, and then when he goes back into the galology, he corrected it. But when he did the introduction of what he's about to write, he put uh uh Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. Why he did that? Because Matthew was going to focus on the kingship. Praise the Lord. Amen. And the kingship come through the lineage of David which is of the house of Judah. So because he was going to to focus on the kingship that's why he did his introduction like that. Amen. The the the generation of Jesus Christ the son of David and the son of Abraham. So you will see in the whole account of Jesus Matthew is the only one that spoke about the wise man because the wise man came seeing where is he born king of the Jews. Praise the Lord. Amen. Matthew is the only one that wrote that account just like Mark is the only one that is telling us about this boy that is raised in Jesus death or Jesus arrest. Are we together? Amen. So, Matthew started right at his birth after two years of these wise men traveling because you have to realize when they came Jesus was not a baby. The Bible say he was a little child. He was not in the manger either. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to to uh uh uh bring to you this morning because here is saying we have no king but Caesar and when he was born three wise men came from the east coming to the city of Jerusalem shouting around the city where is he born king of the Jews? Where is he that is born king of the Jews? Praise the Lord. Now the the Jews became so terrified because they knew that uh the Roman will get on there and that was the very reason why Herod will order all the the the little ones to be killed. And if you watch the scripture too, he never just killed the babies. He killed from two years old down. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Now, so you will see that uh uh uh uh uh uh Jesus kingship was announced at his birth. That's what I want to get to you. Hallelujah. Amen. His kingship was announced at his birth but it was not it was rejected. Are we together? The people did not embrace it. Herod told the wise men if you find him let h let us know we ourselves we will go and worship him. The wise men they were warned by God to go in another direction. So a king was born in the manger. He never had a palace for a throne. He had a manger. Praise the Lord. Amen. Many people came to see the little baby that was born in the manger because they saw stars. They saw shepherds singing in order of there. They came to see what kind of a child is this. But heaven was announcing that a king is born. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you do you understand what it is to be a king and don't have a throne? You don't have a palace. Praise the Lord. Oh, I believe David understood that because Samuel anointed David to be king. And he was a king that was a fugitive. Why? Because he was rejected. The only reason why a king will not have a throne is because he's rejected. I'm talking about your king. And his throne supposed to be your heart. Amen. That's what I'm talking about this morning. Amen. It is either we are making this statement with Kaiapas that I don't have no king but Caesar. I'm only loyal to Caesar. I'm not loyal to this man. I'm not loyal to Jesus of Nazareth. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm not because I come to church or I dress like a believer. I'm not loyal to him. I had no king but Caesar. Are we together? Right from his birth, he was a rejected king. They sought to kill him when he could not even defend himself. A 2year-old child was sought to be killed. But God was using his GPS that is called the Holy Ghost. And he was giving Joseph direction. Go down to Egypt. And when you move from Egypt, move to Nazareth. From Nazareth, go to Galilee. He would grow up in Galilee and everybody would think that he's a Galilean. So they will not haunt him because there is no king that is coming from Galilee. Praise the Lord. But this is the one that Israel have sought. The people were waiting for their king because they knew that God promised David that a sea of David will ever remain on the throne. Praise the Lord. Amen. God told David, "If your children do wrong, I will trust in them. But for my name's sake, I will always have a seed of David on the throne. Praise the Lord. So they were watching for their king. Are we together? You love the Lord. I'm doing all of this. I'm I'm looking for that evangelistical anointing. It's coming a little bit. Just bear with me. Are we together? I hope that's not your statement this morning. Amen. I hope we can just leave that with Kaiapas that that is his statement. Can you imagine? Can you imagine a Jewish high priest taking a Roman king and saying we have no king but Caesar? Are we together? Amen. Now we read in Jeremiah what God will deal with the lineage of uh of uh of David. Praise the Lord. I'm all over the place this morning, but that's that's okay. I'm going to land home this morning. Praise the Lord. I read the the the the scripture to you before word. The Bible says God said Jeaniah will go seedless and his seed will not inherit the throne of David just because of all the evil that he have done. Praise the Lord. Even though God made a covenant with David and said David's seed will will inherit the throne as long as there was Israel. But here is one of one of David's seed that God is saying that uh uh uh uh he will never have he never had a child and none of his seed is going to inherit the throne. So you will understand why God has to give the promise of the virgin birth. Praise the Lord. Because the physical lineage of David stopped in Jeconiah. He never had a son to succeed him. So the physical lineage of David could not continue. Now it has to take the virgin birth to bring forth unto us. A child is born. Unto us the son is given. The government will be upon his shoulder. So God is rewriting the covenant of David. Amen. And that's what make Jesus the son of David, the son of Abraham. Are we together? Praise the Lord. So I I want I just want to keep you in context here because what I want us to look at is uh uh the rejected king. He has been rejected and the and and and the rejection of the king is the rejection of God. When the people rejected Samuel, they were rejecting God. Are we together? Amen. So if this uh uh uh uh uh high priest who says we don't have no king but Caesar, do you know where he put the nation of Israel? Praise the Lord. Because in Israel government They comes from the king. The king is the is the lowest. They come from the prophet. The high priest. Then before they get to the king, the judges and the rest of them. So the high priest was above the king and the government of Israel. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. So we see here that a king was born, a king was promised and Israel were waiting for their king. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Because they believe that the Messiah will be this king. He will be the Messiah. and he will be their king. He will be the son of David. Are we together? And they believe that his rule is everlasting. That is the reason why when they started to see in Jesus that he was he was breaking the commandments of God and and and uh uh uh uh correcting the people and the Bible say his doctrine was strange and he was instructing them in in righteousness and and they were also seeing that he was healing the sick. You know they were looking that could this be the one? If he is the one then his rude has to be forever. So when Jesus started discussing his death the disciples were troubled. If you are the Messiah, our Messiah not supposed to die. He's supposed to be the king of de I mean the son of David. The one that will take the throne of David and fight all these Romans out of our our land. So they started that's the reason why those two men on the road of Emas and after Jesus was crucified all the disciple went back to their to their career they went back because they were they were they were they were completely discouraged. We thought that this was he and the reason why they were doing it because they were looking back to what the prophet said what the scripture said. They were looking to the coming of the son of David. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. Even blind Batimos will call him son of David. Have mercy on me. Because they realize that this son of David will be the king of Israel. He will also be the Messiah. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. But yet we see that the king has been rejected. Today is uh is uh Palm Sunday as the religious word will be celebrating it. Today is that triumphant entry where Zachchariah prophesied. Behold your king cometh riding on the donkey. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Now, just like I said, we we you know, we we use that scripture all the time there in the book of uh uh Psalm. This is the day that the Lord has made. But if you really study that, you will realize that that scripture is tied particular in if if if you want to if you want to take it in its literal fulfillment. It was that day where Jesus came riding on the donkey. That was the day that David was prophesying about. Why? Because that was the only day in Jesus entire eth ministry. Praise the Lord. where in one sense he was accepted. Are we together? Not accepted in the place that they believe him. Not accepted in the place that they says. But what happened is that because God wanted his word to be fulfilled, Jesus told his disciple, go down the street, you will see a man that have a little donkey there. They have never been used. Tell him said the master needed. The man don't know Jesus. Praise the Lord. The disciples don't know the man. But when they went down there, God conditioned his heart to give it. Why? Because that word needed to be fulfilled. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He gave the donkey. God conditioned the heart of the people to cut palm branches, get into the street and start to wave palm branches. And yet Jesus coming. Even the disciples were I mean they were astonished. Everywhere that they went with Jesus Christ, they were either taken to stone them, to arrest them. But here say he's coming and everybody is rejoicing and shouting until the high priest, the sahedan council, they got so concerned and tell the people you lower your voice down. That's what that's that's where that scripture came from. If when Jesus said if if they shut up the stones will rise up in praise. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because they wanted the people to keep quiet. They wanted the people to calm down. Are we together? To calm down. So uh uh uh uh uh the the the Romans will not hear it and it create a riot because the people were celebrating a king. It it was something that could create a riot. The Romans don't know about it. They could send army down there and then you know uh so you're quiet. You're quiet. Jesus said if you stop them the rocks will praise. Are we together? Amen. Are you seeing where I'm going this morning? Amen. A king was born. He was rejected from his birth. Praise the Lord. His ministry was rejected. Everything that he did, the healing, everything he did, they rejected him. But yet God allowed this and it was just going to be for that moment. Can you believe that right after that? Amen. Just right after that, the very same people that were shouting, "Hosana in the highest, these were the very same people that were standing to Pilate Por and saying, "Crucify him." Praise the Lord. That's what an anointing would do. Amen. An anointing will make you to dance in the spirit and cuss like a devil. Amen. Oh yeah. An anointing will make you to cry and feel sorry and then when it leaves you, you behave like you have never read anything from the Bible. Glory to God. Amen. That's the reason why we just don't want the anointing. We want the king to take residence in our hearts. Amen. Amen. We just don't want to feel his presence. We want him to live in our hearts. Amen. Amen. Can you can you believe that these very people because God wanted his word to be fulfilled, they were anointed to leave their houses, go down, cut branches, left their business scheduled, cut into the street like never before celebrating because Zachchariah said, "Behold, your king cometh. This was the very man that was that the prophet said, "Behold your king cometh." This was the very man that Pilate showed to the chief priests. The man of most the the most highest respected man in Israel. A man that will represent the pope in our generation. Praise the Lord. Amen. Said this is your king. Said we don't have no king but Caesar. Study history. Pilate became one of the most Roman su successful preet in Jerusalem because of this statement. when he wrote a letter and sent it to to Caesar because there was no there was no governor that could control the Jews that could bring the Jews to submit to the Roman leadership. There were always riot. Why did the people rejoice and celebrated h barbabash? Why they celebrated Barabash? He was a revolutionist. He killed a Roman h you know a Roman soldier. So because of that the people think that yeah this is the kind of a man that we want. They could never submit to Roman rule. But here is their spiritual leader is now confessing we don't have no king but Caesar that day was a jubilee in palace heart he just wrote a letters finally Caesar the Jews had confessed that you are their Can you think about that? Can you imagine how religion can be destructive? You can be reading the very thing from this book and you are totally against it. How religion can be destructive? They are reading from the book my God my God why will why would thou forsake me? They are reading from Psalm and the very thing is happening right behind the back of their house. Are we together? That's how destructive that religion can be. You can be you can be trained in all the religious practice. His garment had to have a certain length. He got to walk in a certain way. There are things that he can do. There are things that he can do. Food he can eat. All of those things, he had them to the tea. But the God that gave that instruction, he was far from that God. The God that gave that instruction was in flesh and he was ready to kill that God. I can tell you this morning that you can kill the God that brought this message to you. You can claim to be a message believer, but yet you can kill the very effect of the message. You can kill the life of the message. Which mean you just you just know all the languages. You know all the songs. You know all the preachers. you know them by name and their church name that that don't have nothing to do I'm telling you none of us can come as close to the religious position of Kyifas this man can run his lineage back to Aram he can go to his father grandfather he can say it they were taught it praise the Lord I would not be able to do it. Why? Because my father was I mean I mean my father was a I mean he was a Christian. He was not a message believer. He was not a preacher. I never had the privilege to see my grandfather. So how far can I go? I would just stop at my father. I I mean you can never come in comparison with this man. He knew the scripture. These were the very same people when the wise men came and say where is he born king of the Jews? They went back to the straw. They open it and say in Micah chapter 5, the Bible says the king will be born in Bethlehem because they knew the thing to their finger, but it was not in their heart. People, it was not in their heart. Glory be to God. Amen. The very same people that was throwing leaves and throwing their clothes and everything. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana, hosana in the highest. And I mean they took off their jacket and were spinning it all over the place rejoicing. Our king, blessed is he just for a moment. And that's exactly what happened. How long do we stay in church? 2 hours, 3 hours the most. And you can stay right under this anointing and just fulfill your religious duty. You can stay right here under honor the anointing. The anointing will make you to behave. The anointing will make you to smile even if you are not happy with me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. You look at your wife, she says, I mean he's just making noise and talking too much and it's about time. Then you put on this man Praise the Lord. That's what the anointing does. It's terrible. It's terrible to be anointed and you are not possessed by that anointing. If that anointing don't possess your life, it's terrible because you can kill the very thing that you believe. Where you know that it has got a hold of you is when you are ready to die for it. Praise the Lord. It's either a tool. You will either kill it or you ready to give your life for it. Are we together? The very king that they were waiting for, God gave them in simplicity. Think about it. What what will have happened if the Jews will have recognized we will not be having service today? The curtain of time will have been drawn. The millennium will have break forth. time will have rolled back into eternity. Praise the Lord. Amen. Think about it. You know what they told Jesus? Not for the good works that you are doing, but you being a man claim to be God. He told him, "Is it not written in your psalm that day that that the word of God come to our gods?" And why are you mad with me? Is that a place where we can we can cut the court and sing the songs and and and and you know, and says everything, you know, y the message that yada yada brother Brandham says, but it's not how much we can cook like machine gun. is for us to live our message. Live our message. That's what the world is dying to see. This age has produced preachers like never before. Praise the Lord. Amen. Preachers like never before. Let a man start uh uh reading the Bible, he falls in love with faith. He just need to be a convincing speaker. Praise the Lord. You find them contradicting scripture, but they they are so convincing that they are preaching the truth. Praise the Lord. I heard a guy preaching one time. He says uh you know uh uh and and the Bible says heaven help those that help themsel. I said this why I'm not going to leave it. Amen. I mean, he was just say he was he was really in it that heaven help those. So, I waited for him to learn. I says I said, "Can you show me that scripture? I love it. I I'll show it. Heaven." I told you. I said, "Bro, it's not there. It's not there. It's a good saying, but it's not a scripture. Don't tell people the Bible says cuz when you tell somebody the Bible says, you are telling them hang your soul on it because that God's word will never fail. I told you I said you you can check all over. It's not there. You know, I just encourage him that day and and let and let him be. Praise the Lord. But I mean that's that is the time that we are living in. Praise the Lord. Paul told us we have a form of godliness. But we will deny the very power of godliness. The thing that's supposed to bring us into a transforming life to affect our life. We will deny and we will fight against it. Praise the Lord. Amen. I don't want to sound like I'm I'm I'm mad with somebody, but I'll tell you, I spent my whole day yesterday sitting on some some some issues that involve pe believers, Christians, people that supposed to embrace the word of God. If we cannot take the word of God to solve our problem, what will solve our problem? Is it the degenerating laws of America? If we cannot take this word to solve our problem and answer our questions, what are we going to take? He's on your hands this morning. He's on your hands this morning. That's what I'm doing. I'm trying to drop him in your lap. Is he your king or is Caesar your king? Is this word your king? Not just saying Messiah is the king of kings. Is there word your king? Are you submitting to this word? Is he ruling your life? Is this world ruling your life? We have no king or Caesar. That's the reason why a prophet would tell us our Lord Jesus died of broken heart. Can you imagine standing before the high priest, the highest order in the land? Praise the Lord. Can you imagine you standing there and your pastor is saying your pastor is having such a testimony that know you know that the Bible is just a history you know the Bible is just church history that just church history praise the Lord amen that's what the Catholics call it they call it their church history they don't submit to the Bible They submit to Vatican. Their order comes directly from Vatican. The word of the pope is higher than the Bible. Do we have a pope in our rank? Do we have a king that is higher than the word? Praise the Lord. I'm telling you that Easter will just be another day that we come and go if we don't address these things. If we don't address who is the king of my life, who is the king of my heart? Praise the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. You love the Lord. Let's look at this. Exodus chapter 21 verse 32. Praise the Lord. I felt in my heart to preach to you this morning like people that have not heard the message. So just just bear with me. I be completely out of order with your your your message routine. Exodus chapter 21. When you get on the street corner to preach, that's how you preach. You give them the Bible verse. verse 32. I mean, people they just they just uh they just take church to be some kind of a society. Well, you just got to you got to go and just uh uh subscribe your membership. Praise the Lord. Amen. Exodus 21 verse 32. Let's look at this verse closely. If the ox shall push a man seven or the maid seven, he shall give onto their master 30 shakers of savor and the ops shall be stormed. Praise the Lord. You see that scripture down there? The arch pushes a man seven. A man's seven and a seven, they were slaves. So what I'm trying to bring to your mind this morning, 30 pieces of silver were the price of a slave. Praise the Lord. Can you imagine Judas being in the assembly of Jesus Christ sitting under the ministry of the son of man. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he was one of the most trusted person of the group. Can you imagine how much he thought of his Lord? Even if you want to put a price on this man, he put a price of a slave. Praise the Lord. Amen. When he was known as the savior of the world, the redeemer, they call him the healer. But yet Judas sitting there, glory be to God. Amen. The Bible told us about uh uh uh Joseph Amati that gave his grave. He was a wealthy man. The Bible speaks about Nicodemus that came by night. He was also uh a wealthy man because he was an ether. There were men uh jarrus these were all others. I mean these these were wealthy people. I'm sure that Judas did handle some good good money from Jesus campaign. I'm sure that he handles some good money. But why will he come so low to put the price of a slave on this man? What was he thinking about? What was he thinking about? Couldn't he put it up a little higher? Is it because the Sahedan council don't have money? I don't believe so. because they wanted Jesus killed. If Judas will have make it a 100 pieces of silver, they will have given it to Judas. If he will have make it a a thousand pieces of silver, they will have looked for it because they want this man killed. But why will he put the price of a slave? Praise the Lord. Amen. Why will he put the price of a slave? Glory be to God. Let me tell you something. By the law of nature, you can only put a price on something depending on how much you value it. You can put a price on your family, on the church, on your own life, depending on how much you value it. Praise the Lord. Glory be to God. Amen. That's what make us to spend whatever we spend on. I mean how much we spend on whatever we spend on. You go there and you ask them for the price. What is the price of this uh this blazer? You look at it. No, I can spend my money for it. No. Because of how much you value it. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. I went to Joseph A. Banks. It was on sale. I won't tell you the price of glory be to God. Are we together? But that's that's I mean that's that's the question I want us to ask this morning. You know one time David after he seen it against the Lord and he wanted to to make a sacrifice to the Lord the the the king told him David you take the pel you know take the treing floor he said I will not give to my lord what cost me nothing I have to put a price to it Judas pul 30 pieces of silver on his head. What is your price? What is your price? When he put a price on your head, he put a price of his blood. When God will put a price on you, he put a price of his blood. That he will share his blood to pay for your ransom. He put a price of his life. Then they say 30 pieces of silver. Oh, what you think when you paid a tie of $100 that you have you have done I mean you you you knock your shoulder off. Is it a price to pull on the God of heaven and earth? It's just your commitment. It's not a contribution. And the same way Judas taught, that's the same way we think sometimes. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's what we think because to to to many they the they think that well I mean you know uh church is just some kind of a a market or something like that. Praise the Lord. If we realize that we are building a community, if we realize that we need to build a healthy community where our children will grow and see values. Praise the Lord. If we realize that what we are doing here is not just a Wednesday and a Sunday night. Praise the Lord. But we building a family praying and trusting that God will restore some sense of value back to our home, back to our lives. Praise the Lord. If we realize that we will not want to have up things against people. If there is something that is offending you, you want to sit down and meet because you don't want to contaminate the village. What price are you putting on your soul? When Jesus said, what would it profit a man if he gain the whole word? Which mean the price of the whole word. It's not a value of your soul. But yet Judas put the price of a slave on the God of heaven and earth. He put the price of a slave and the price of a slave was much as the price of a dog because they were not value. What price are you putting on your faith? What price are you putting on your salvation, on your well-being, your spiritual life? What price are you putting on it? Don't ask me. I will tell you. Praise the Lord. You won't see a fly in a soup and drink it. You dare not do it. It grows you up. But yet, we we we sit down and put all sorts of things in our spirit. We open our mind to to to deception and lies. Are we together? Don't worry, I won't leave you. We have no king but Caesar. I hope that's not your confession this morning because that's not my confession. Praise the Lord. That's not my confession. And can you imagine that the high priest said that and there was no man there to raise his voice. Even if you don't accept him as your king, can you shout Jehovah is my king? [Music] Can you shout, "Elohim is my king." Even if you don't accept Jesus, couldn't you say, "We have no king but David." Couldn't you look for something? You will subject yourself to a Roman king. the very thing that is enslaving you in your land, the very king that is suppressing you, and you confess that he's your king. Are we together? Happy Easter. If I don't see you again. Amen. We have no king or Caesar. Who's ruling your heart? What are you consulting for your decisions? Is it lining up with God's word? If he's your king, you take your instruction from this book. When the king speaks, Praise the Lord. When the king speaks Hallelujah. I just want for us to think about it. It's easy to play religion people. We just keep our little self together, keep our you know uh uh uh uh belief system together. People dying with things in their life, spiritual cancer is killing them. They are not happy. They are not happy. If they are giving option, they will take their own life. But the word that will set you free just by taking an instruction of God's word is more than any pill you can take. will stand right in the face of death. He says, "I don't have no king." But Caesar, let the thing that killing me, let it kill me. That's why you are saved. The thing that is suppressing me, let it continue to suppress [Music] me. I'm willing to die for it than to be free by the liberty of the love of God. Are we together? This this this these are realities. These are realities. God's people dealing with oppression, depression. Praise the Lord. They are breaking out with illnesses and they don't even know where it comes from. When a man of God will tell you that even hovering anger in your life can give you cancer. Anger in your life can give you cancer. unconfessing in your life can break out as an illness. Why? Because it's a demon. Sicknesses are demons. Praise the Lord. Glory be to God. He will stand on the cross between two mouth factor. They will give him vinegar to drink. The very God that divided the water from the land that break out fountains. He said, "I thirst." And he couldn't have a drop of water to be given to him. They gave him vinegar. Praise the Lord. And the Roman capital punishment was so cruer. It was so crual. They hang you on the pinch of the nail. Your whole body weights hang on the pinch of a nail. Praise the Lord. But that's the price he puts on your life. for a word to be redeemed. It pierced him in his side. Praise the Lord. And yet in that miserable pain after being rejected by his own people and he hanging there but yet he said, "Father, forgive them." Praise the Lord. Amen. on the cross. He said, "Father, forgive them." But your king on your heart do not have forgiveness. Praise the Lord. The king on your heart do not have forgiveness. Your religion there is no blood. It's just a fancy religion. We just dress, show our clothes, come, you know, present ourself and and uh uh it's a fancy religion. No, this religion is a bloody religion. [Music] We have an altar that is filled with blood. We have his blood on our hands and we have the blood of one another. Unless we don't see it. Unless we don't see it. But if you show up by the word of God and that blood that was shed on Calvary, we have every right to ask you, is this life worth watered of the gospel? Praise the Lord. I mean when you go to work they don't need to talk talk to you about your house affair. You just go there to do what you are implored to do and leave. Praise the Lord. Unless you want to go tell them what is happening in your house. That's your business. But yet you don't come to work. Amen. You don't come to work. You come to the father's house. We talk things as family. Why are you so angry? What's going on? Praise the Lord. We don't have We don't have the ability to look beyond your face. If we could see what is happening, we will tell you about it. Just give you an opportunity to talk and see how we can help. But some of us we put less than tip pieces of savor on this truth. The value that we put on this truth is less. We just want a place to go to church. We just want a people we can associate with. That's all we put on it. No, we must put our life Let the musicians come. Praise the Lord. Amen. If our if our if our gospel if our gospel you you clap, you don't clip preach. Thank you for appreciating the word. Anyway, glory be to God. It's it's it's just all the places of uh I mean this this this glorious truth this glorious truth. I mean it's a we we we doing everything. I mean we we we we come and just and and send 20 cults of brother Brandon back there. We try to show we we preach it everywhere we are preaching it but it looks like it's not going. It's just it just becoming just like water on duck's back. The word must be affecting us. It must be changing us. But it's not the preacher responsibility. It's the value that you put on the word. It's the value that you put on the word. What is your price? Are you ready to pay the price to take an inventory of your life? Are you really examining your life by this word? Are you examining your growth? Are you identifying things in your life and saying, "Lord, I need help in this area. I need help in this area." Not just coloring and patching and making up and and and and presenting oursel to be something when we are dying. [Music] We are hoping that it can it will get better. You don't need to hope that it will get better. You must believe that it will get better. And it can get better now. It can get better when you take an action. When you when you start to address certain things, it will get [Music] better. It was only seen that threw Edom out of order. When the son of God and the daughter of God stepped out of God's word, then the whole creation got in disarray. But yet almighty God came down to reconcile them back to him. And that God is still [Music] here. By the grace of God, the Lord has helped as much of us that are above 30 years old. Remember, we are promised [Music] 70. When we get there, we get into about the middle of our life. If God has helped you to walk in this truth and help you to walk in decency and help you to walk in believing God, cherish that. Cherish it because joining church don't give it to you. What I give it to you is God dealing with your [Music] heart. But then what becomes of the little ones? What because of the little children? We get so particular about ourself and and we don't think about the the the little ones, the the the little [Music] babies. Are we going to feed them to the croc to to Pharaoh crocodile or give them over to Harold to be killed? Or are we going to be at Jacob to find a basket and say, "Lord, you give this one to [Music] me. What is the price you putting on your salvation?" They said, "Just joining church. Are you ready to land up yourself with God's word and do what the word says? [Music] We have no king but the king of kings. Amen. Praise the [Music] Lord. Donald Trump is not my king. This world does not have my king. My king is the king of glory. We have no king but this word. We are not going to be like carers standing right in the face of the word and say we have no king but Caesar. That's what happened when we stand in the face of truth. When we stand in the face of truth and we will not admit that we are wrong and we need [Music] help. I pray as we go into observing Easter and celebrating Easter, let's think about the price. Let's think about the price that he [Music] paid. Read Isaiah chapter 52. You will see what the Bible says. They gush out his [Music] beard. They splitted his body with whips. That was the price that he put on your salvation. For you to be saved, for me to be saved, for us to be free, an an answer to the sin question. [Music] Then little things will come up. We can't fight and say, "No, Lord, you paid a a higher price than me. I will never be able to pay the price that you pay, but give me the grace to give my best. No matter what it is, let me give my [Music] best and let me be able to admit when I'm wrong. Let me be able to call for help when I need help. Don't die in silence. [Music] Precious Lord, take my hands, lead me on. Let me stand. I'm tired, Lord. I'm weak. I am warm. Through the storm, through the night, lead me all to the light. Take my hands, precious Lord, lead me all. Let's sing that again. Oh preious Lord, take my hand. Leave it all. Let me stand. Oh, I'm tired. I'm weak. I am [Music] warm. Through my storm, through the night. Lead me all to your light. Take my hand, precious Lord. Leave me all. Oh father. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. There's not a price that this word can gain for father that is enough to pay for all that you have done. Oh Jesus. Oh God. Oh, father [Music] Lord. Just like all of those leaders sit there and allow [Music] careers to deny the Lord. If I'm preaching something that is not the word, I you I owe it to you or you owe it to me to come and tell me. Don't stand there and say, "Well, that he's the pastor. He's supposed to know better." No. Which mean you have done the same thing if you were there that day. You would just sit there and say, "Well, he's the high priest. The high priest said it. We don't have no king but Caesar. [Music] If you see your parents doing something contrary to the word, call their attention in a respectful way. You see your child doing something contrary to the word, call their attention in a respectful way. You see your wife doing something contrary to the word, call her attention in a respectful way. You see your husband doing something contrary to the world because we owe it to one another. We will be we will bring shame and disgrace to the message of the hour. Shame and disgrace to the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] [Music] I hope we all can be able to think this morning. What price are you putting on this truth? What is the price are you putting on the Lord Jesus Christ? Are you going to put upon him the price of a slave? What price are you putting on the savior of the [Music] world? Judas sat right there in the assembly. He sat under his ministry for three and a half years. The only thing that he can come up with is the price of a slave. [Music] What is your price? [Music] [Music] Let's just speak to the Lord this afternoon a little bit. Let's talk to Jesus. He knows what we are dealing with. He knows what we are burdening with. He knows what we are struggling with. [Music] If you had had about a wrong price or the wrong consideration, you can settle in with him this afternoon. [Music] Young people, death does not come by age. [Music] just before I I I came out. Um I got I got a message and uh and uh I stayed needle kind of a verified message, but it was it was a a death news of a of a good friend and a preacher. trouble me a little bit when I sat person just sent me the message in the office there. It kind of threw me [Music] off and death can meet us any time, any word, any time. [Music] It was just the mercy of God. That young man running into Sister Kelly and and she fell over and then broke that nail back. She could have knocked her head and and it would have been a different story. We've been saying this Sunday morning. If we would just realize how much how much how much God is laboring, how much mercy he's giving us just to bring us to a place to reconcile with him, just to bring us to a place that the price of redemption he paid, it will never go in vain. Oh Jesus. Let's go to Calvary with him this [Music] afternoon. I must tell Jesus. Oh, I I will tell Jesus I cannot all my trles alone are still Jesus. Yes, Lord. I was still Jesus and Jesus can help can help me. He can help me. Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Oh. Oh. I must tell Jesus. Yes. I must tell Jesus. [Applause] I cannot bear my mering alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Oh yeah. Jesus. Jesus can help me. He knows. Jesus. Let's sing that one more time. Yeah. I must Jesus. I must Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens [Music] alone. I must Jesus. I must Jesus. And Jesus can help. He will help me. Help me. Yes. Jesus alone. [Music] Oh hallelujah Jesus. Jesus. Father only you can help us Lord. Lord, only you can help us Lord because only you know what we are dealing with Father. Thank you Lord. Only you know God. Thank you Jesus. Amen. The soul's law father. Oh God you know the root cause of God. You know everything father and you know why you even allow it to come our way. Oh sweet Jesus please Lord please oh father please oh God Lord if we have make anything a king in our life if we have given ourself to a wrong spirit to be king. If we have given ourself to an immoral spirit to be king in our life. Oh God, Father, we want to denounce thy kingship this afternoon, Lord. Oh God, Father, you are our King. You are our Lord. You are our God. Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Lord, if there is something Lord God, a spirit that is taking preminence, Lord, dominance in our life, oh God, Father, we spend much time with faith. Oh God, we feel it with all sorts of h uncleaness and negativity. Father God, we want you to be king in our life. You are our king, oh God, because you are the king of kings. You are the lord of lord. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet [Music] Jesus. Father, the word treat you as a rejected king. Your name is used in insult to God, Father. And Lord Jesus, there is just all sorts of evil that is spoken about you. But Lord, we want to say we love you this morning, Father. We want to say we love you from the depth of our heart. Lord, we love you, Jesus. We love you, Father. [Music] Thank you, Lord. [Music] Jesus, were you there? When they crucified my Lord, were you there when they [Music] crucified my Lord? [Music] Oh, sometimes it causes me to [Music] tremble, tremble, tremble. Were you there? Were they crucify my Lord? I want to say sing it this way. Take me there where they crucify my Lord. Take me there. Oh, take me there where they crucify my Lord. [Music] Oh, sometimes it causes me to tremble. Tremble. I do tremble. Take me there where they crucify my Lord. That's what the preaching of the gospel is supposed to do. It's supposed to take you to to where your Lord was crucified. It's supposed to take you to Calvary and make you to see the price that was paid. An innocent man was hang on the tree, hang between heaven and earth. The sun could not shine because the maker was hanging. The moon refused to show its light. Darkness covered the earth. Sometimes we need to travel to Calvary and see the price that was [Music] paid. It's not just joining the church and putting your name on a book. [Music] It's a life. It's a life that is dripping with blood. It's a life that is dripping with blood. [Music] Take me there where they crucify my home. Because [Music] oh sometimes it causes me me to the treble. Tremble, tremble. Take me there where they crucify my Lord. Oh, I want to go there where the crucify my [Music] Lord. Take me there where they [Music] crucify my Lord. Yes, Jesus. Oh. Oh, sometimes it causes me to tremble. Tremble, tremble. Take me there with the cruisy. My Lord, you can never travel to Calvary. You can never go to Calvary on your knees. You can never travel to Calvary in your mind. If you ever behold the sight of the price that was paid for you, you would never live the life that you are living. You would never live the life that you are living. Every one of us, we are just like Barabash. A man that was condemned to die. That's just how every one of us are condemned to die. The day that you eat it, that day you die, the day you sin, you should die right on the spot. When you tell a lie, you should die right there. But God in his mercy, hold back his wrath because of his blood. And now we take it we take it as a as a habit. We tell lies like we drinking water [Music] and we can never come back to say sorry. I I real it was not the truth that I said. We feel so big and pride. [Music] We even lie to oursel in our mind and our imagination. Thank you Jesus. Amen. You can never go to Calvary then ever return back to sin. That's what the preaching of the gospel supposed to be. It must take us to Calvary every service. It must show us the ramsson that was paid. What God has done and he said it is finished. [Music] [Music] The Bible says they gave him they sc him 39 weight on his back. He was rejected of men. He was bruised. We say it lightly. He was wounded for my transgression. It have just become a slogan. Do you put the weight to it? Do you imagine wounded for your transgression? What the wound [Music] worse? And little things we allowed to go through, we blow it up. We behave as if to say we are the only one in the world that is ever experiencing [Music] that. What are we going to do for his name's sake? Why can we stand in trial and say I will lift up the name of Jesus no matter how high it is. God gave me grace. Let me not bring shame to your name. Let me not make people to blasphe your name. This is Easter we are talking about. We're talking about the price that was paid. [Music] Take the price of of of of saver. 30 pieces of savor. None of us can come up to that price. What we are giving for the gospel is so cheap. It's all about ourself. We must be praised. We must be worshiped. [Music] I don't know. [Music] [Music] Father, oh God, wake up our conscience. Lord, help us to realize, oh, Father, Lord God, this is how much we owe you. We owe you the very birth that we breathe. The very birth that we breathe. every bit of our [Music] heart. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. We have brought shame to your name. Lord, we have made people Lord Father. We have misrepresented you Lord Father God. [Music] We don't feed the weight, Lord. We don't feed it. It's not real to us. We take the slogan, we are saved by grace. We are saved by grace. There was a price that was paid. It were not just a word that was used. There was a price. An innocent life was nailed to the cross because of our sin. Because of our bad habit, [Music] the cru of sin, Lord, and the penitent that he took to raise sin out of our life. Until we can put a value on the price that you pay, Lord, Christianity will mean nothing to us. We will move from one church and join the other one. And we leave another church and join the other one. No matter what church you join, God needs your heart. It's the heart that needs to be changed. It's the heart that needs to be born again. The life that needs to be regenerated. He want his blood to flow through your vein. The same way he said, "Father, forgive them for you to use the same [Music] word." He want to take your anger away. He want to take your bitterness [Music] away. That's what Easter is all about. [Music] Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Lord, [Music] I shall forever vate my life to Calary to view the cross where Jesus die for me. How might the Lord grace the son, my falling soul, you loy my fault and son. Let's stand on our feet now. Oh, I shall forever live my life to come to Calvary to feel the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous it is to grace that sought my soul. He looked [Music] beyond my thoughts and sought my need. my amazing grace. Always be my son of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he gave to love me so he lo me up my fault and saw my need I shall forever my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How [Music] might the grace that caught my falling soul? He looks beyond my fault and saw my need. Let's sing the next verse now. for your grace. My life will be a drifted sheep with no save from angry from angry ways. [Music] for Calary cross shine brightly through the darkest storm and just a time. His mercy rescues thee. Oh, I shall forever lay my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for [Music] me. Our mother lost the grace I call my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall and saw my need. Heavenly Father, Lord [Music] Jesus, what humble way, Lord God, we want to approach Easter. Father God, deal with our hearts. Oh Lord God, take us to Calvary in our own private closet. Father God, sometimes we just need to take an individual trick speak to our hearts. Lord God, change our life. Oh, Father, we just want to pray for the services all through the week. Oh God, Father, be with Brother Crosby, Lord God, and his wife as they come this weekend and minister to us. Father God, be with your children too. Lord God, we love you. We appreciate you, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Right after the service on Sunday, we will be doing uh baptism for those that want to be baptized. uh we have both uh Saturday and Sunday open for baptism. So if you think about it, you want to be baptized, just make contact with us and then uh we will uh plan on how to schedule your [Music] baptism. What are you playing? Thanks to Kevin. Thanks to [Music] Calvary. Thanks to Calvary, we are dismissed. Thanks to Calary, I'm not the man I used to be. Oh, thanks to Calvary, things are different than before. And the tears run down my face. I try to tell [Music] them t I don't come here anymore. Oh, let's sing that one more time. Oh, thanks to Glory. I'm not the Lord I used to be. Oh, thanks to Calvary, it's different than before. All the tears run down my face. I tried to tell them. Thanks to Calvary, I don't come here anymore. [Music] Yes. I spend in vanity and pride. Let's sing there. We are dismissed. [Music] suspend infernity and pride car that my love was crucified knowing not what me to die on [Music] Calary. Bless Savior was great and grace was free. My God was multiplied to me. My burdens of our liberty at mercy that was great and grace was free. Burnon there was multiplied to me. My burden of found liberty at calary. Hallelujah. Mercy there was great and grace and free. Burnon there was multiply to me. and my burden soul for liberty at [Music] calary in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Blessed name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Blessed name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Joy today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. The same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Dwell in you. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead all dwell in you, dwell in you. He will quicken your mortal body. If the spirit dwell in you, it quicken your mortal body. If the spirit dwell in you, the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Dwell in you. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you, he will quicken your mortal body. If the spirit dwell in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If the spirit won't dwell in you, God bless you all. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. [Music]
