################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Apr 30, 2025 Wednesday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - One Hour With The Beast - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-01
Title:    Apr 30, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - One Hour With The Beast
Speaker:  Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5bOcGiMfuE
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] on the wings of a snow by crossing his beauty sweet love a sun from above. On the wings of a door. On the wings of a stone wide dove, God said his good sweet love a sign from above on a wings of a dog. Noah has drifted on the flood. Many days he search for a lamb. in various ways. Trles heard some but not from above. God gave him his side on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, he sent his beautiful sweet love spine from above on a wings of a [Music] dog who I have saw. [Music] offered in many a [Music] way. I cry for her healing. But night and [Music] day, faith wasn't for God. Father above, he gave me his [Applause] [Music] sign. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow dove, he sent his confusion. Sweet love sign from [Music] above. on a wings of [Music] adore. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together tonight. God bless you, saints. Amen. What a privilege to be here tonight. Want to thank the almighty God for such a wonderful gathering. Let's go ahead and stand as we uh pray tonight. Heavenly Father, we just want to commit this gathering into your presence tonight. Lord, bless us as we gather tonight. Bless every aspect of the service, the singing tonight. Bless the instrument. Bless us, Lord, as we are here to praise and glorify your name. And most important, Lord, to listen from heaven. Bless the preacher of tonight, to God. Lord, may you fill this room with your spirit and power. Even remember those who are streaming online, those who are making their way here, Lord, pray that you be with them, oh God. Father, thank you, God, for this time. We bless your name. We give you thanks, Lord. And Father, you promise us that where two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be there to bless them. Thank you, God, for this moment. We bless your name. We give you thanks and praise, oh God. And Lord, I believe we all have needs tonight, oh God. And by the faith, oh God, we bring those needs before you tonight, Lord. Strengthen and touch our hearts, Lord. And to you, Lord, be the glory. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. Turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you." Hallelujah. It's a joy to be here tonight. Down at the cross where my savior died. Down we are for to my heart was a blood of life. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his name. There to my heart was a blood applied. Gloryy to his [Music] name. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Yet to my heart was the blood of mine. Gloryy to his name. I am so wondrously safe from sin. Jesus so sweetly abide with me. at the cross where he to be. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. There my heart of the blood applied. Glory to his [Music] name. Oh precious fountain that save from sin. I am so glad I have entered the Jesus save me and keep me clean. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. To my heart was a blood applied. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Yet to my heart for the blood I applied. Gloryy to his [Applause] name. Come to his mountain so rich and sweet. As thy fall soul a savior. longing today have been made complete. Gloryy to oh hallelujah. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Yet to my heart was a blood I gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his name. Yeah to b upon our light. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You love him tonight. Let's give him a hand clap tonight. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'm just to tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I met that scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They are underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed from darkness is from God. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, they're good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. was at that old time of time where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord for possession they have been depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. lay down and lead the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed from darkness is from dark in the sea of God's faithfulness they're good enough for me praise God my sins are gone praise God my sins are gone they are under The blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed from darkness is from dark in the sea of God's forgetfulness. They're good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan come to tempt me and try to make me doubt, I see. My sins are gone. You got me into trouble for Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. They are on the blood on the cross of Calvary. as far removed from darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness but good enough for me praise God my sins are gone hallelujah [Music] [Music] Yeah. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is with music. With all my heart I say I know my sins are gone. They are underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary as far removed from darkness is from B. In the sea of gospel getfulness are good enough for me. Praise God my sins are gone. Praise God my sins are gone. Praise God my sins are gone. They are on their knees. The blood on the cross of Calvary has far removed from darkness is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. They're good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. [Music] When Satan come to tempt me and try to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. My sins are gone. They are underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed from darkness is from God. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, they're the good enough for me. Praise God. God, my sins are gone. Hallelujah. You believe it? Clap your hands tonight. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Bless your name, Jesus. Hold up. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the [Music] victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Blessed name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. The most will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, tell me. Hallelujah. [Music] We have the victory. I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I will say this is a day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has been glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you Lord. Sometimes people wonder why you always happy. They don't know you have Jesus in you. Amen. Tell them you have Jesus in you. Amen. Amen. Where there is devil, there is no happiness. There is always chaos and anarchy and destruction. Amen. For Christ say he has come that we may have life and life more abundant. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Thank you Lord. Bless your name. All right, we'll change the order of service. Let's just focus on him tonight. Let's give our all in all. Think about the goodness of God. Just take a reflection of all God has done. Wake us up this morning, send us on our way. And here we are. We owe him thanksgiving. [Music] Be thy presence of [Music] Jehovah, God our mighty king. Prince of [Music] peace, trles manage [Music] heart in thy presence. [Music] Father in thy presence of Jehovah, Lord mighty. I praise soft peace trles hearts are made in thy presence. of the king. Be thy [Music] presence of Jehovah, God Almighty. Prince of peace, trles [Music] manage, [Music] heart in our presence. As your instrument play, let us just reflect on him tonight quietly. As the instrument play, just reflect on the goodness of God quietly since tonight. Just think about the goodness of God in your life. Make a reflection tonight. Thank him for all that he has done. Remember the goodness of God, sins. Remember the old time. Remember the beginning. Remember God where God took you from. Just think about the goodness. Think about his goodness, saints of God. Just reflect on the goodness of God tonight. And just get yourself in the attitude of prayer tonight, saints. Invite his presence tonight. Lord, just take a reflection tonight. Just go down the memory lane. Yes, Lord. Make a reflection, saints. Thank him for all that he has done. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to your name, Jesus. Yes, Lord. We trust in your name, Jesus. The name above all name, the name above sickness, the name above cancer. Lord, we bless your name. Yes, Lord, we give you glory and honor, [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. I bless your name, Jesus. Thank you Lord for watching over us. Watching over our local assembly Lord over our families and friend. We thank you father. We bless your name Lord. Let's sing it tonight in thy presence of Jehovah God Almighty. Peace of peace. Trlesage, heart salvation be thy presence. of the king in thy presence of thy [Music] king. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Hallelujah. What a blessing. [Applause] Amen. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes. [Music] to find is not too busy to hear our hearts [Music] crying for moment your needs to supply They shout and touch the [Music] Lord as he goes by. We are [Music] standing on holy ground and I know the My angels all around. Let us pray. [Music] Jesus. Now we are still in God's presence alone. The Lord bless you. We have few uh prayer needs here. Let's uh uh bow our heads as we want to take these knees to the Lord in prayer. And uh there's unspoken prayer request here from brother Lawrence who want to remember that uh shalom saints please join me in prayer for my friend that the angel of the lord will take control of his case and also for me uh I'm having called sister dawas we want to uh remember our sister remembering her that the Lord will step in the situation there. Please continue to pray for my mom and my siblings uh for God to have his way and salvation. That's from brother Ben. And uh and I think if everything stands still, he will be traveling this weekend. Uh his mom is not well. So we just want to commit that in the hands of the Lord as well. uh my coworker wife has a tumor in her liver. They are Christians. They are praying that uh the tumor um they are praying that the tumor is uh is bent. Please pray for her healing. That's from brother Steve and uh uh the coworker name is Jame and his wife name is Darling. So we want to just bring those knees to the Lord tonight. Let's just bow our heads together. We have just sank. We are standing on holy ground. It's not because of the building. It's not because of the location. is because of his [Music] presence. And while we stay honor his presence, let's pray together as the Lord will remind you of the needs that we have just read and the spoken prayer request for brother Lawrence saw asking prayer for her friend a situation that God's need to take complete control and she also need a touch from the Lord and uh uh brother Ben praying for his mom and his siblings and uh uh and brother Steve requesting every special need that is on our hearts tonight. Let's bring it to the Lord in prayer. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we just want to thank you, Lord, we appreciate you, Father God. We appreciate you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor. Father God, I pray almighty God that you, oh Lord God, our our great physician, Lord God, our high priest, oh Father, Lord, oh God, that the love of our soul, Father God, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, that God, you will move on our behalf of fire tonight and precious Lord. Oh God, you would just come in a special way of fire, Lord, and speak to us, oh God, Father God. Lord, to you, Lord God, our great unimportant God. Oh father, Lord Jesus Christ, you are the God that is touched, oh God, by our all the feelings of our infirmity. Father, I pray tonight, oh God, that Lord, you will hear from heaven, oh father, God, and go on our behalf, Lord. Father, undertake for brother Lori, sister Daer, whatever is the need there, we pray, Father, in the name of Jesus. Oh God, precious Lord and Father, we want to pray you brother a safe trip. If everything stands still that he travel, Lord, we pray, Father God, for his mild health condition. We pray for the siblings too that your grace will be with them in the name of Jesus Christ. We also ask you father tonight that your grace oh God father will also be Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father oh God darling Lord you know the situation Lord Father oh God with the tumor in her liver. You are the great physician father God we are confessing your word tonight. Oh God we are confessing your promises to tonight. Oh God, we are giving all of that to you. Oh precious Lord, as we just place oursel in your hands, oh God, oh father, Lord, tonight, yes, Lord, we are standing in your presence, Lord. It's because it pleased you to come down in our midst, Lord Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tonight, sweet Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord. Hallelujah tonight. Oh God, what an awesome God. What a wonderful father you are. You are that great physician, oh God. Lord, the lover of our soul, Father, the giver of life, the giver of every good gift, sweet Jesus, we just thank you, Lord, tonight. Yes, Father. And I know that there are [Music] angels all around. So let us pray. Jesus. Oh yes, we are standing in God's presence on holy ground. Father, we want to thank you tonight. Thank you precious Lord for giving us this opportunity again Lord we can come into God Father your presence oh Lord Father I pray that Lord Jesus you would just come and bless us tonight Father God bless us oh God father and uh take Lord God inspiration Lord take the thoughts on our hearts oh God father speak to us tonight Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Jesus Christ, to you be the praise, to you be the glory and honor. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. Thank you, musicians. And uh it's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And uh we so grateful for his uh his goodness, his love and mercy upon us uh since the last time we were here. And uh tonight uh we want to take a little talk and uh and share with you tonight. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. Amen. I was looking at uh uh two two scriptures tonight. Uh but uh let's let's just read Revelation chapter 17. And that's what I want to I want to read from. Let's read Revelation chapter 17. I took a while to come up out there because I was uh I thought I've added certain things to my notes, but I realized that I didn't. And I was trying to get a hold of faith and I just couldn't get a hold of faith. So it took me a while to to step out. I think uh brother Lawrence led us in songs and the atmosphere was ready for me to come out and I was wasting time. So uh Revelation chapter 17. Let's just go back there. Um this is something that I've I've spoken here before but uh I will I just want to use it uh tonight based on what we were talking about from uh last Sunday. Praise the Lord. Amen. Revelation chapter 17. I want to take one verse tonight. And that will be verse 12. Uh that will be verse 12. Revelation chapter 17. Let's read verse 12. Or if we just want to do for reading. Let's go back and we started at verse 7 on Sunday and we read from verse 7. And the angel said unto me, "Wherefore uh thou Marvel, I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carry her, which have the seven head and 10 horns, the beast that thou saw was in his net, and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into pedition, and they that dwar shall wonder whose name were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the word when they behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. And here is the mind which have wisdom, the seven head are seven mountains on which the woman siteth, and there are seven kings. Five are fallen, and one is and the other is not yet come. And when he cometh, he must continue a short space. And the beast that was and is not even, he is the eight, and is of the seven, and goeth into pedition. And the 10 homes which they saw are 10 kings, which have received no power receive no kingdom as yet, but receive power as kings. One hour with the beast. Praise the Lord. So tonight we just want to talk about one hour with the beast. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. You may have your seat. feel a little bit throw off tonight, but we will trust that the Lord will be able to to just keep us together. Amen. We trust that the Lord will be able to keep us together. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so uh tonight uh uh we were we were speaking on from Sunday, not really trying to uh uh dive into prophecy, but uh where I wanted to continue on tonight is just to be able to speak a little bit of uh of uh influence. I just want to talk about influence. influence because when you look at uh uh the scripture that we just read, you will find out that uh um when when brother Brandham talks about this these 10 kings uh mark of the beast, let's just read one of the quote there in mark of the beast and uh and see what he said kind of for uh like I said true off a little bit. Listen listen to this. He said here, he said, "And the 10 horns which they saw are 10 kings which have receive no kingdom as yet, but receive power as kings one hour with the beast. Or if we just had receive no power as yet, they are not kings." They didn't have they didn't have kingdom. Let's say that way. The horns didn't receive crowns. They receive power like kings. What is it? Detectors. Not crown kings. They are detectors. Now so uh uh the Bible says uh just one hour with the beast they have uh they have receive powers like kings now. So it's just where my mind was going with this is that if you remember was that last week when we had a prayer meeting we read the scripture Jesus speaking to his disciple and says why not pray with me one hour and uh uh he says pray with me that you will not fall into temptation. Okay. Now, so uh uh it is it is just in a place for us to be able to look at uh how much time it takes for us to be influenced. Praise the Lord. How much time it takes for us to be influenced? How much time do we need to have an influence that will change our life for the better or change our life for the worse? Praise the Lord. If you take it in the thought of Jesus talking to his disciples, he's telling them, you know, uh uh uh uh this is this is a serious hour for me. This is a dark hour for me. My spirit is feeling heavy, you know, and uh uh uh but I want you to to pray with me that you would not fall into temptation because of everything that were happening. I mean, all the demons in hell were all raging, you know, uh to be able to destroy this one that have cast them out. They have, you know, uh uh uh uh stop their power, stop their kingdom. And he's telling his disciple now watch out now you know I want you to uh to get on an influence here because uh uh there is uh you know a spiritual battle is almost like Elijah on the mountain you know uh and he's seeing the the the cherus of fires uh you know around the mountain and uh Elisha can see it and he's prayed and said Lord open the eyes of uh uh my servant so he will be able to see it. So that's what I want to go tonight. I want to go tonight when I when I did this uh back it is uh because when we look at when we look at uh uh influence We look at we know influence is a great thing. uh brother Brandon preached the message influence and he brought it to us uh just trying to help us to be able to see even though it's kind of aligning with with his ministry but he he's he brought it from Isaiah chapter 6 just for us to see how uh Isaiah was moved from under one influence to another influence being a prophet there he was a prophet he was in that office of a prophet prophet but he was honor uh an influence that he didn't know he was honor because the king yuzia was having influence on him but then uh god had to also change him from that influence and put him under the prophetic influence put him under the influence where you know uh his life purpose will be met his ministry will be a blessing so influence is a great thing praise the lord influence is a great thing. If you look at this in the line of this prophecy here that we are looking at just one hour with the beast, the Bible says uh uh uh if if you go back and read again uh uh verse 12, it says and and the and the 10 horns which they saw are 10 kings which have received no kingdom as yet. They don't have kingdom and uh yet they receive power as kings one hour with the beast. These have one mind and shall give their power and their strength to the beast. If you really want to put this in uh in in uh in context with history, what is going to happen at this time? They are going to be uh uh 10 detectors, 10 communist country. But Brandon, in uh uh uh why we are not denomination, there are some of the things that I did not put together very well tonight. So I'm not too happy with myself. But uh in in why we are not denomination, he says he says it like this. He says uh uh he says you will see that uh uh most communist country uh turn to have detectors. Okay. Most communist country h turn to have detectors. So if you want to look at this in uh in in the light with prophecy, what is going to happen here? You have to realize that uh uh uh uh Russia or these these uh these kings are going to come into an agreement with the Vatican and uh uh and then they are going to give the Vatican their power. Actually, they are going to be the power of the beast in the time of the persecution. But like I said, I'm not diving into prophecy tonight. I just want to dive into influence now. So if this man can receive power, now we know that this beast, you know, beast is a power like we we we talked about on on Sunday. This is a power coming right from the bottomless pit and leading people into pition, into loss, into destruction. Now, so uh if uh this man can receive power, you know, uh uh uh uh just one hour with the beast. Now think about it. Now Jesus told the church, I give you power. Amen. He said in the first commission, that's what he said to the disciple, I give you power over snakes and scorpions. Amen. So he said he, you know, he he gave us power. Now uh uh uh let's let's look at that a little bit. St. John chapter 10. How would you get it? Just give me a few minutes here. Let me know. Okay, sorry. Luke chapter 10. I see why I couldn't get it. Luke chapter 10 says in John chapter 10 but Luke chapter 10 Luke chapter 10 verse 17. Let's let's look at this together. And the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, this is under the first commission. This is under the the the beginning of the church. Let me say that when we know the church were fully birthed in the book of Acts, but this was the beginning. the sea form of the church and and and this man uh uh with Jesus they are going with him every word and you know they're beginning to see his ministry he's healing the sick and all of that and and and this is the first time that uh uh if you if you read the the fullness here Jesus sent this man out two by two and they are returning now and bringing uh you know report unto name. And when they returned, the Bible says the uh you know they said, "Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name." And he said unto them, "I beheld Satan as a lightning fallen from heaven." Now see the power is given to the church. The Holy Ghost has not come yet. But these people have been influenced just with the time that they are spending with the Lord. And now they are beginning to break into supernatural power. Now they beginning to get uh flex their spiritual muscles to get uh you know uh h some position. They beginning to understand uh and and it is it's almost like the same thing they saw him doing is the same thing you know now they are experiencing you know demons are subject to us and Jesus is saying I beheld Satan as a lightning falling from heaven. Now you have to realize that it was not then that he fell because in Isaiah chapter 14 Isaiah had a vision when he saw Satan falling. Amen. Now the church is coming into power and the vision is continuing. Satan continuing to fall. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Praise the Lord. Until we come to position as sons and daughters of God, we will not see the falling of the enemy, we will always be to the place where we think that he's having dominion over our life. But when we come into position with the word, then we can see him falling no matter what we are going through. Are you are you grappling what I'm going tonight? Praise the Lord. But realize that the Holy Ghost has not come. The the the h day of Pentecost has not come. These people are only experiencing this just by the influence of being in his presence. How much more when they are in power? Are you seeing the picture? Amen. If under the beast system, just one hour with the beast, those kings or those leaders, those detectors are going to have so much power. So much power. If you even want to bring that into light, we know that every government is under the ruling of Satan and see how much power the presidents have in their nations. Amen. As soon as they take that office, all the power is behind it. Are we together? Are you Are you grabbing the picture where we going tonight? Amen. So if one hour with the beast will give them power, how much power will we have from our source of influence? That's where I'm going tonight. That's what I'm trying to bring to you tonight. So Jesus says, I I beheld. Not that I'm beholding. I beheld the falling that he kept falling from the beginning. I see him continuing to fall. Amen. I beheld Satan as a lightning fall from heaven. Behold, I gave unto you power to tread upon serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall be and nothing shall by any means hurt you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, that is just before the Holy Ghost came. Amen. He's trying to let them know all of this time that you spending with me, I've been I've been releasing power to you. You are getting influence because you see what what I'm trying to get to uh uh uh church tonight on this Wednesday night is for us to be able to see the importance every time you spend time in his presence. Every time you spend time with the word, you are empowering yourself. You cannot overcome the enemy with good thought. Good intention cannot overcome the devil. Amen. Good desire cannot overcome the the devil. You can have good intentions. You can make up your mind, I'm going to stop this. I'm not going to do it anymore. It it does not fit him. That's right. Praise the Lord. He knows where your power comes from. He knows where your influence comes from. So the best thing he can do is keep you away from it. Keep you away from the word. Keep you away from praying because he knows that whenever you are with the word, you are in power. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so he said, "Behold, I've I I I give unto you power, you know, to tread down serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy." Praise the Lord. Amen. Over all the power of the enemy. And nothing shall by any means hurt you. Notwithstanding in this rejoice net that the spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven. Praise the Lord. Amen. And we know heaven consists of the word. So your name is written in the book. Hallelujah. Then look at what is going to happen. The Bible says in their very hour Jesus rejoiced in the spirit. Praise the Lord. In that very hour, in that moment, what what what makes him to rejoice? The influence is catching on. Praise the Lord. They are not just following me. the influence is begin to catch on. Praise the Lord. You know uh in in in uh in in in biblical principle one of the best way to teach is by example. Sometimes it's not the lot that we say. It's not how how we say it. See what Jesus will do. He did not explain nothing to the disciples. He never told them anything. He come and and he told them we would meet for the supper. You know, they brought the the wine and bread and and uh uh it's a little bit different to the way that the the Jewish Passover was kept. It's a little bit different because it's whenever the Jewish Passover is kept, they remind himself of the Exod. They go back to the story of the Exodus when God brought us out of Egypt and the lamb was slay. That was what they were talking. But this night Jesus took the bread and said take this is my body. He took the cup. He's not talking about the blood on the lint of the doors. He said take this is my blood completely different. And they are all sitting down. He you know he he never preached a series to explain it to them and say you know uh uh uh communion this is what it means and this is he never did that. They all sitting there. They're watching what he's doing. The Bible says at the end of the feast he takes off his robe and he he took a towel. They all looking at him. He wrap it around him. Praise the Lord. Thank you for praying for me. Somebody just help me. I I just got things a little bit out of hand. So, I was I was just out of out of myself. So, uh uh uh he took the towel and then he got down and started washing their feet. Oh my god. They are all looking at him. Really? And he's taking their feet and he's washing their feet. Everybody thinking what is this? Oh my god. Yeah. And and and uh and the spokesman, everybody was keeping their thoughts in their mind. Peter said, "Nammy, when he come to me, I will tell him." Praise the Lord. Everybody say, you know, "Okay, I just give him my right foot." No. He says, "Bring the left one also." He wash both of them. He get to Peter. Peter said, "No, no, not me. No, Lord. you're not going to wash my feet. He never started a series. He could have he could have told uh uh uh Peter and say, you know, uh uh when when when when Ruth went to the feet of Boaz, where did she lay at his feet? You know, he could have gory and start breaking nothing. He says, "What I'm doing now, you will not know, but you will know year after." Are we together? Praise the Lord. So Peter said, "Okay, well, if you want to wash, then not only my feet, you got to bathe me. You got to wash my head, my ears, you know." Well, and he says, "He that is washed only his feet, that is enough. But then after it is done, then he said to them, you call me your Lord and your master." Praise the Lord. So you see, the teaching is coming after the action. The teaching is coming after the example. Are we together? Are you seeing where I'm going with this? Amen. The teaching is coming after the example. Now he said, "You call me Lord and Master and I being your Lord and Master, I have washed every one of you feet and this that I have done unto you, let it be an example." So Jesus powerful way of teaching was to make example not explaining. He was a man of few words. Are we together? Are we together? We can we can we can explain the god hell. We can you know we can we can explain the h uh the the we can explain everything that we know about the Bible. But it it does not have lot of effect than the examples from our lives. Praise the Lord. Amen. People are imparted by the way we influence them more than the way we lecture them. Amen. The way we influence them. You know, brother Ram would talk about uh uh uh uh Amra uh uh feeling the burden and the need uh and what was happening in Egypt at the time. He says, "And Amra will come from work." He's so tired he will just slip. He's not he's not yelling at Aaron and uh Miriam and and Jacob and says, "I mean uh we must be having a prayer meeting in this house, you know, and he's no no he's having the burden." Praise the Lord. He's the one feeling this thing. And then he goes into the presence of the Lord and he's crying and brother says, "And I'm Jacob says, man, this man is tired. I mean, uh, will he rest? Are you just the only one that uh that is concerned about our people?" But pretty soon that influence will start robbing. Praise the Lord. The same way bad influence can spread, good influence can also spread. Praise the Lord. Now most of the time the the the hindrances comes because we make ourself the picture. We make ourself the image. And the moment you do that, you don't have personal the influence. My my personal influence will be as a a sinful influence. Amen. Because I'm born in sin, shiplet, iniquity. Either I try to make you just like me, learn to talk like me, you got to be slow just like me. You know, uh that that just all I can give you. Amen. Are you getting the picture? So you think about it now. Think about it. The Lord Jesus knowing knowing what the disciples were going to be dealing with. And no doubt no doubt I believe that uh uh uh every hell presence was was was just was just so much heavy over those guys. I believe they try to make effort to pray but uh I mean they they just they just fall asleep on their knees and this other one say well let me just lay there I can pray on my stomach before he realized he's snoring the other one says okay I think I can sit down and pray I'm feeling tired before he realized he's not I believe every one of them tried to make some effort praise the Lord but take it on the other high. What if they will have they will have really come under that uh uh uh that that influence of praying when the Bible says he prayed in anguish and he was pouring his heart. Praise the Lord. Amen. When the Bible says his his his sweat was thick as blood, I was just looking at that couple of weeks back. Uh uh uh uh there is a medical term term for it. Because of the way he was so much in anguish, his sweat was mixed with blood. That's what it was because of just how he was in anguish. So you think about it, if every one of them will have fall under that influence, if every one of them will have just been so burdening like the way he was burdening, I don't think they will have wait for 10 days. I believe Pentecost will have be that night. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Moses needed five minutes. He just needed five meanings under the influence of the burning bush, it changed his life. Five meanings. So you will realize when you look at scriptural order, it's more hard to be influenced by the wrong than to be influenced by God. If you come with a open heart and honor expectation, you can get positive influence. Praise the Lord. Five minutes in the presence of God, it changes life. Praise the Lord. Think about this also. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh most of the dreams that we have you it can looks like you are dreaming all through the night but dreams are mostly in two or three seconds. Praise the Lord. The reason why it looks like it's long is because the speed of your subconscious is more faster than your first conscious. in your subconscious you you you do things more faster. You remember fast. Something happened. You you can you can travel back to 10 years ago. You can see an act and your your whole mind goes back to 10 years ago. But for you to travel back to 10 years ago in your first conscious is going to be difficult. Are we together? So it's it's it's it's uh it's it's it's in that sense when you have u you have a you know you have a you have a good dream and you have a you know uh uh uh you you just see when you wake up the feeling on on both side whether it's a good dream or a bad dream. Let's let's take a good dream. Let's forget about the bad one. Amen. Because we don't want bad dreams. Amen. Nobody go to bed and says I want bad dreams tonight. Praise the Lord. We always pray that the Lord will give us good dreams. Amen. He will give us good visions of the night. Praise the Lord. And uh uh and and and and then you wake up, you you I I mean if if uh if if you were dreaming, you were in a meeting, you know, and and uh uh uh and and the meeting was wonderful, you see the kind of a feeling that it gives you. Amen. not so much of a dream dream person. So, uh uh uh you know, blessing to all of you that have dreams. Are we together? There were few things that I really wanted to share with you tonight, but I'm I'm sure that the Lord will will be able to to to help us for us to to get back to it. So we just stay in this place of influence. So you think about it now. Think about it. Just before the Holy Ghost here, he said this man the the uh uh praying for the sake influence is rubbing on them. Pray. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh to the to the to the to the Jewish custom, you think about the man born blind. You think about the way that uh uh uh it's because from the law they learned that uh sickness is because of sin. So you think about how when a man had leprosy, he was kept out of the city. When a man was blind, he was just he was just a useless person in the society. When a person was lame, they see that as the result of sin. Amen. So these men never had they they never grew up experiencing going to lay their hands on somebody that is sick. They see a person sick and says, "I I don't know what his parents did." And may maybe his grandfather was a thief. That's the curse that have come on him. That that is that is the way that they treated somebody that was sick. Amen. You could see even the disciples struggling under that thought. Lord, that man born blind, was it his father? Was it his mother? Yeah. Because they were still under that Jewish way of of thinking. But it says now because they have stayed. You think about think about uh uh uh uh uh uh David warriors. When you read about David men, the men that was around David, you read about them, the Bible tells you that uh uh all of those men because they kept hearing about killing a lion. Everybody wanted to kill a lion. one had to jump in a hole with a lion and and he end up killing the lion. Why? Because David testimony influenced them that if God can do it in the life of this man, God can also do it in my life. Amen. The result of positive confession, it create positive influence. Right? Are we together? But what what I'm really trying to grab your mind to is that how quick we can be influenced. How quick we can be influenced. How quick things that we see with our eyes can influence our thoughts. How quick things we hear with our ears can influence us. Are we together? Praise the Lord. You have to remember now is the atmosphere that brings the result. Amen. Is the atmosphere that brings the result. The hand create a warm atmosphere. That's what help for the cheeks to hatch the eggs. If you take the the the the the egg from under the hand, put it under the duck. If the dog create that same atmosphere, the cheeks will be hatch. If you take it from under the dog, put it under a dog. If it create the same atmosphere, the eggs will be hash. You like don't get no animal just get enough light that can create the same temperature of of uh of atmosphere the air will be harsh. So it is the atmosphere that brings the result. Praise the Lord. Amen. We cannot bring God's word to pass. All he want us to do is create the atmosphere. He's the law that inhabit the praises of his people. So the only thing he needs you to do is to praise him. Are we together? Is the atmosphere that brings the result. Amen. Let's not look for a fire. Let's ask ourself what atmosphere are we creating? Praise the Lord. What atmosphere are we creating? Praise the Lord. Isaiah went under this influence of Yuzia for a long time. He was he was downcast. He was he was out of place. But he went one day when he went into the house of the Lord. Praise the Lord. And he was able to just pour his heart before God. Woe is me. It's is a shame on me. Lord, I should be better than this. Amen. What is this mean? It's a shame I got my m my mouth into politics just talking King M. I should be better than this. A man of unclean lips among people with unclean lips. Praise the Lord. And when he poured himself out before God, he said the post of the temple move. Praise the Lord. In that short period of time, the atmosphere around him changed. The thing that have happened all through the the ages is that we try to teach Christianity. We try to practice Christianity. We can teach it. We can we can practice it. It's not to be practiced. Praise the Lord. We have to believe it. We have to believe that there's there's a there's a there's a God of the universe. We have to believe that uh uh uh uh uh uh he took on flesh. He paid the price for our sinful nature to be destroyed. We have to believe it. Amen. You have to you have to look at your struggle and say this thing was paid for. You know the the blood was shared for it. It can be done with. I believe it. Not how much you practice to be nice. No, you have to believe what the word says. You have to receive it. As you continue to confess the word like John Ryan, it brings you into an atmosphere and that atmosphere brings the result. Your body will obey your confession. That is the result of the atmosphere that you create by your confession. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's what we try to we try to do you know as message beloved we try to teach how we must dress we try to teach how we must walk we try to how we must talk we try to how we must sit and how we must sleep and how we must get up and we get all of these things line up. Praise the Lord. It is just enough to give us the form of godliness. All of that is enough to give us the form of godliness. But the power, the power, the spike. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise. You see it? I' I've just trying to bring this in a way that uh because what what I'm laboring under actually is uh uh if if we can have we don't need one hour. They might need one hour with the beast because they get a lot of political things to learn. We might need five minutes in the presence of the Lord. If we can come with grateful heart, if even our young people, the the the even the children can learn to go to their room and just and just and just say their childlike prayer to the Lord. Praise the Lord. And just and just start start learning to be conscious of his presence. Are we together? Amen. I was listening to a message today. Super sign. Brother Abraham says something that was that was mahala. That was where I wanted to start from this evening. And uh uh so I was trying to trying to find a quick he was there in Chicago then he was talking he's talking about brother Joseph Boz. He says he always saying you know uh Chicago needs a shaking. He says Chicago has already been shocked. He says many times when people talk about we need a shaking, they are looking for something national to happen. But you take take it like this. This is the way I I' I've was meditating on it this morning. Take it like this. Uh when when Elijah told the the the widow woman the bag would not go dry, the oil would not finish until the drought is open. All she have to do every time she comes is to just shake the bag. Now when there is a shaking that takes place when you I mean if you have ever been to that place shake a rice bag or shake a flower bag the ramen goes down. Praise the Lord. You might have a bunch of dust, flower dust that might just spray all over the place, but the real thing you need gather together. Praise the Lord. So he was trying to say it. He said, Joseph is always talking about Chicago. He says Chicago has already been shooking. He said that's why we are here. He said when God shakes the place, what happened is that he get the church in line. Praise the Lord. When you shake the bag, you you you try to gather the wheat together so you can be able to take what you need. So when God shake us, I was just thinking about it this morning. I says, "Wow." I mean, uh uh uh uh Lord, I I mean uh uh uh if if if just the the assemblies around uh Minneapolis can just get in line with the word, that's the shaking. What is what is the need of us having great crusades and making big publications and we're not lining up with the word? We forcing in our homes and fighting That's where I was going to start from this evening, but anyway, somebody brought it out of me. God bless you wherever you are. Amen. You look at you look at the Senate of Minneapolis. You look at the state of Minnesota and you think about, oh my god, this kind of a big state. And uh you look at oh my god I mean uh just see the kind of a h few sprinkling uh uh h assembly that we have. But if God can be able to have a church of just 10 people. Amen. Just 10 that are lining up with the word. They have their devotion, their prayer life, their consecration. They come to church and they mean business. That that is a shaking. God has shook the city that he was able to get a few people in his hands. Not not a big h public that we want to make. Are we together? Amen. And then and that's that's what I'm laboring on. That's where my thoughts are. That's where my heart is. Praise the Lord. That is not just enough for the Wednesday night. You think about it. Think about it. I mean, when we have this time, everybody try to work out their schedule, you know, uh to make sure they can be able to be in church on Wednesday night because I mean, we we are spread about in the city, you know, even when we have special meetings. I I I want to say thank you. you know, this this uh this gone Saturday night and and Sunday morning with uh brother uh Crosby was wonderful. You know, it was wonderful uh uh to have people come out Saturday night and support a meeting. That's what we supposed to do. Okay, if we were all living in the same community just around the church, it's easy to have three service a week. It's easy to even have five because we can just walk from. But when we are spread about around the city and people have to drive 30 minutes, 45 minutes, an hour, 2 hours to church, then the time that we have to come together to spend together, it must not just be a time of laughter. It must not be a time where we just come to, you know, say something just to burn up the evening. It must be a time where we come and we want to rob against his presence. We want an influence from the service. We want an influence from the presence of God because we know we will not be back yet again until Sunday. It must not just be for an entertainment or a fulfillment of Wednesday night service. No. Praise the Lord. One hour. Jesus told his disciple one hour. Praise the Lord. Amen. But when the Holy Ghost came, it was different. It was different. I believe when when they were gathered in the upper room and a few of them can can remember when he says just pray with me one hour and they were feeling all of that pressure on them outside the Roman soldier the sahedrin's council is looking for them they are feeling all of the pressure on them now they can now appreciate when he said pray with me in one hour that you will not fall into temptation. They can now appreciate it. Says, "Peter, what? What?" He says, he says, "Let's let's wait. The promise of the Holy Ghost. We can't get out there, people. And I I don't want to I don't want to deny him again. I know the horrible feeling I felt when I denied. I don't want to deny him." He promised us that we will be endued with power. When the Holy Ghost came. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why when the Holy Ghost came, he was not afraid. He got right out there. Praise the Lord. He got right out there. He was not afraid. The the the power that had rubbed against him, now that power was dwelling in him. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Yeah. When we come to church, that's what we come to. We come to we out there, we rub arms with the with the word. That's what brother Brandon said. When we come here, we want we want to rub shoulder, arms, feet, everything with the Lord. Praise the Lord. That's how we have to watch one another. Don't let somebody rub sleep against you in the house of God because spirit congregates. When a person starts sleeping and praying soon before you realize too you you start getting dosing. Amen. Just be nice about it and give the person uh you know a little tap on their shoulder. What am I saying? Let's make the most use of the time we come here. Praise the Lord. You think about it. It's 9:03 and as soon as service some will have to drive an hour to get home. And if we just come here just to fulfill a Wednesday night religion, do you see how how how of all men we are most miserable? That's what I'm saying tonight. When we come here, we come in. The Bible says to edify one another. Amen. The Bible says to encourage one another unto good work. Provoke one another unto good work. But in it all, we are coming to get under his influence. We are coming to get under the influence this seeing the influence of the seven angel. To get under the influence of the seven angel. Praise the Lord. So when we have to pray, let's pray. That's why Jesus told him, "Pray that you will not fall into temptation." Are we together? I hope I said something that encourage you tonight. I've uh uh kind of just spread all my things all over the place, but uh uh that's that's that's exactly what I'm laboring on. Amen. We find uh a beast power that is rising. We see uh uh an ungodly influence that is all around us. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why not only our time in church but your time on your knees and the time that you spend with the word. Don't take it just for a religious ritual that you are fulfilling. The Bible says you know what the prophet say I must read my Bible and pray every day. It must not just be a slogan. You must be able to realize but Ram says when you take this Bible you are looking right in his face. You are looking right in his face. James said it in another way. You are looking in a mirror. Praise the Lord. You are looking in the mirror of God's word. But you see the thing that is that what you're supposed to be seeing in the mirror is the image of Christ. Amen. Not not I mean not if you are losing your head or I mean or your head is growing or I mean you are putting on weight or you are losing weight. That's not why we look in the word for we look to see his image. How much am I conforming to his image? How much is this word changing me? How much am I falling in love with this word? Praise the Lord. I'll say this and then I close tonight. Thank you for bearing with me. And uh I was talking to to Joy last week and we were we were just visiting on the phone and and I was I was sharing something with her and I thought, okay, today is the last is the last uh uh uh day in uh in April. Tomorrow May 1 begin. So I I I was sharing this with her and I thought about it because uh I've been I've been reading through the book of proverb. You know proverb has 31 chapter and it's good for a 31 day in a month. I've tried this before. I learned it from uh uh uh an old preacher and I tried it before and it's is is it's very beautiful. It's a it's a good exercise. If you take one chapter in the day of proverb, you have to realize now proverb begins with uh uh the beginning of the Lord. You know the the fear of God is the beginning of evil of wisdom sorry is the is the beginning of wisdom. Now, so right there in proverb, you will see where uh and and there were just some beautiful things that was sprinking out of out of the book for me. And uh I I kind of a plan to to speak something on uh on Mother's Day coming up if if I had the opportunity to preach and uh and and and most of it will come from the book of Proverb. You realize that Solomon will speak of wisdom in a complete different way than you will ever think about it. He takes wisdom in a feminine gender. Yeah. Okay. whenever he talks about wisdom and understanding how wisdom build her house and uh uh uh but it's it's it's a very beautiful thing that that I've like I said I've tried before you read you read a chapter you just meditate upon it and as you go about your day you will realize something will happen in the day. Yeah. That you will relate right because you see it it it challenge your mind because uh uh you want to be wise. You want the wisdom of God. You want understanding. So as as you as you read it and meditate upon it, you realize that and it it's just a beautiful feeling. I've I've I've seen it and it's just it's just so beautiful. You can you can try it if you want to. If you if you miss if you miss a chapter, don't don't bother don't bother to go back and and and if you didn't read on May 2nd, just take May and just just go ahead like that and you will see how how rewarding it can be. Let's let's just musicians, you can come tonight before I get into a talking spell. Praise the Lord. But uh that was what on my mind. That was what I wanted to to especially when I was listening to Broadband talking about, you know, uh uh uh uh Chicago being shook by the gospel. He said great men like Moody, like uh uh uh you know uh and and all of the great men that have come through Chicago. He says he says this city is is all. So he said, "What kind of a shaking are we waiting for?" You know, and uh and that's that's the same I want to encourage you. Praise the Lord. We want we want the word to line us up. We want us we want to see that. We want to see the effect of the word in our home, in a relationship with our wives, with our husband, with our children, the relationship with one another. No, the church over over the years has taught us very wrong. You hear people says salvation is an individual affair. It's a kind of a very selfish very selfish which mean it's just me and my god. [Music] No, God. The reason why he manifested himself was to come and dwell with his family, was to come and dwell with his [Music] children. So he puts people in our life. He allow us trials in our life. Most of the time we look at the negative part but he want us to also be able to see how much we are growing in grace. How are we dealing with the things that we are dealing with. Think about how you will have dealt with it yesterday and how the grace of God is helping you to deal with it today. [Music] He want you to be able to see your growth. He want you to see how much you are falling in love with him. How much the word of God is rejoicing your heart. You are not only rejoicing because uh uh uh uh uh people have been healed. You are rejoicing because you hear the word speaking to you personally. You hear your name being called from the book. It always blessed my heart when one of the young people, one of the little ones come to me in the office and start to talk about what was preached. It always blessed my heart. [Music] One of them was talking to me about uh uh uh uh uh what what is say about that that uh uh oil and anointing oil? Why are you putting oil on people [Music] head? So we open the Bible right there and and then we started to read. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. You don't know how much I enjoy that than when you asking me about the millennium. When the little children ask me those kind of a question, I enjoy it more than when you asking me about the rapture. This is your [Music] house. This is your house. Come and dwell, oh Lord, this is your house. Father, come and [Music] dwell. This is your house, Lord. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. We are your household. We are your house. Father, please come and dwell. We are your house. A holy house of prayer. where the lost and the lonely bring your burdens and your cares. We are your house. We are your house. Come and dwell. I am your house, Lord. I am your house. Father come and dwell. I am your house. A holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely. Where we bring our burdens and our cares. We are your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Let's just take this little moment and just thank the Lord for giving us this opportunity to be together tonight. And and just we just want to ask him that uh every time spent together, every time spent in his presence will will just be so much of a blessing. And uh uh we want the the influence of the word to rock against us. We want uh to be under his influence. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, we just want to thank you tonight. Oh God, we want to thank you, Father. We want to thank you, Almighty God. Oh God, what a wonderful father you are, Lord. What? Oh God, a great God you are in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father god we pray oh lord. Oh father father your prophecy said we are either influencing somebody or somebody is influencing us. Oh precious lord we just cannot be father Lord God without an influence. Influence is very important in our life. Oh God. Father we pray Lord Jesus. Almighty God we pray oh Father and rejoice you in that hour Lord and rejoice you oh Father God to see Lord the influence of your word breaking upon the disciples Lord. It rejoice you father. You said you are revealing the tobis his hand from the eyes of the wise and the prudent. But this little group is beginning to grapple. Lord, Father, let it be the same with us. Lord, may we grab the importance of prayer. May we grab the importance, Lord, of being in service, Lord, Father, whether we are in church, wherever we are, Father God, being in your presence. May we grab the importance of being conscious of your presence, oh God. Oh, Father, Lord, because you promise, oh God, that you will never leave us, Lord. You will not forsake us, oh Father God. Almighty God, we have so much around us, Lord. So much, Lord. Many voices crying for attention, Lord, we have so much, oh God, Father. So much pressure that it's so easy to blow up. It's so easy to misbehave. It's so easy, Father. Lord, to say the wrong thing, oh God, Father, even when we are thinking the right thing, Almighty God, we pray tonight, Lord. Oh father, if one hour with the beast Lord can give those men so much power, Lord, what would happen Lord God in the church? Oh father, Lord, just take their position, oh God. Oh father, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. In the name of the Lord God Almighty, in the name of the Lord God of glory. Oh Father God, help us Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you tonight, oh God. Father, we said, "Oh, precious Lord, until we meet again, oh Father God, keep us, Lord, Father God, keep us under expectation, oh God, keep us, oh Father, Lord God, with a heart, Lord, that is ready to come and save you, a heart that is ready to worship, a heart that is ready to praise you, Lord. Oh, Father God, let the rejoicing of your word be our attitude, Father. May we rejoice in your promises, Lord. May we rejoice in the things that you beginning to do in our lives, that you're beginning to do in our midst. Oh, Father, what a wonderful Jesus you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Let's just sing Emmanuel. Emmanuel, go with us. [Music] Hebrew way. He might you [Music] way. Oh, he's God with [Music] us. [Music] Ree in us. Let's just stand on our feet. name is God. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Immanuel one more time now. [Music] Imm. His name is God. Emmanuel, he's God. be there. Oh yes, his name is. Yes, Lord. He might Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I pray that God you take your children home safely. Keep each and every one of us safe, Lord, until we meet again on Sunday. Watch over the dwellings of your children. Work watch over the labors of their hands, oh God. Walk over everything, Lord. Everything that concerns him, we place it in your hands. Father, once again, we pray Lord God and uh that you will be will probane as he will travel. Grant him a safe travel. Father, we also prayed and ask uh for the uh brother Hillary wife and daughter that is the way we commit them in your hands and every other traveling ones. We just pray that father you will you will continue to bless them. those that are trust in you, Father God, Lord, for their own home and uh and uh Father God, some are trusting you, Lord Jesus, for health situation. We commit it in your hands. So, Father God, maybe it's a financial situation, Lord, we give it to you, precious Lord Jesus Christ. Some Lord, Father, I believe it, that God, you would just change things around them, Lord, would love to be in church. And we pray that God, Father, you will work it out for us, Lord. But God, Father, the shaking that we want is the shaking that will line us up with your word. So we say, Father, keep keep shaking us, Lord God, where we can line up with your word. Father, we love you. We appreciate you now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] revealed in us. His name is called Newer. There there is a verse to that song. I don't know if we have it. I was born to be his dwelling place. I don't think we have that. Let's sing that song. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I didn't join it. Let's sing that tonight. The Lord bless you and we look forward to have a wonderful fellowship on Sunday. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] In this church is a glorious church. Oh, I did enjoy it. I was born. I have a new birth. Some glorious things. I'm going to sit there with me. by his grace and by my works I'm in this church. Oh, I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. Oh, I didn't join it. I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day. I'm going to sail that away. Yeah, Lord. By your grace, by my works, I give this
