################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - July 02 2025 Wednesday Service Bro. Dele Adelodun - Lessons From the Temptation of Job - Dele Adelodun.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    July 02 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro. Dele Adelodun - Lessons From the Temptation of Job
Speaker:  Dele Adelodun
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmeQX0bSbM8
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] You hear me? He me he All was Christian solders matching us to one with the cross of Jesus who we all before. Christ our royal master peace against the fought into seeing God's man cross on what you have to see brothers on Christian [Music] with the cross of Jesus going on before like a mighty and me for the church of God. Lord of beings where the saints have thrown. We are not divided. All one body we one in hope and do one in charity on Christian [Music] to walk with the cross of Jesus going on before thousands may perish. Freedom rise and w [Music] the church of Jesus constant will remain. His help can never touch prevail. We have Christ on proies and that cannot fail. on walls Christian dashing us to walk with the cross of Jesus going on before at the side of Satan holds on free in the trumpet song. Glory loud and hol to Christ the king to countless angels singing [Music] us to all is the cross of Jesus. unfaithful. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. To God be the glory. He's already done. [Music] He's already done. The battle is over. The victory is won. He's already done. [Music] He's already done. [Music] is already done. [Music] The battle is over. The victory is won. Is already done. [Music] I have overcome. I have overcome. [Music] The victory is yours. The victory is won. I have overcome. Oh, [Music] I have overcome. I have overcome. The battle is over. The victory is world I have overcome. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us pray. Jesus now we are standing in God's presence on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. [Music] And I know that there are angels all around us praise [Music] Jesus [Music] [Laughter] We are standing in God's presence on holy ground. Hallelujah. Let's please rise as we pray tonight. Father, we bless your name tonight. Lord, we thank you for giving us this wonderful privilege to gather tonight again to hear from heaven. May you bless our praise, our offering tonight, to God. We thank you, heavenly father, for this moment. Bless the song time. Anoint the preacher tonight, oh God. We give you thanks and praise, oh God. Remember those who are screaming online. We even thank you for those on their way coming. Lord, we bless your name tonight, Lord, for such a wonderful thanksgiving. Oh Lord, we bless your name. We give you praise. We give you glory and honor in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. But let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Just thank you so much and say God bless you tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Just share grace tonight. the love. Um there's an announcement here from brother Cassidy. Um this Sunday after service there will be a meeting with uh those who clean the church. So brother Cassidy will want to meet with the the cleaners, those who have volunteered to clean the church. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. I was sinking deep. I was sinking deep in sin from from the peaceful shore. Very deeply stand within seeking to rise the wall of the master of the sea. And by the scary cry from the water leading [Music] to help. Love the deep. Love the deep. Love the need. When love be love lifted me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I cling. May his blesses preciously. Ever his praises sing. Love so mighty and so true. Mary bless all the soul for love and service. [Music] Love the need. Love lift the [Music] love to heaven. Love lift the love lifted me. Love lives at me. When enough to help love lives at me for the angels above he is the holy savior. He will lift you by his love of the hand. He is the master of the sea. You know his will obey. Be your savior. So be me save today. Love gifted me. Love gifted me. When love to have love gifted me. Love gifted me. Love gifted me. me when nothing else to have. Love at me. Love me. Love me. When love to help. Love me. Love me. Love me. And nothing else would have loved me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Bless your name, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and sing this song as we change the order of service. [Music] Let us pray. Redeem our love to proclaim it. Redeemer by the blood of the lamb. Through his divined mercy, he shed forever. I am redeemed. Redee, redeemer by the blood of my life. Redeemer, redeemer. He shall live forever. I am redeemer. Jesus language my rapture. I know that the light of his presence redeemer contin [Music] by the blood of the lamb. Redeemer forever I am. I saw I shall be found and the light for me by the gy redee [Music] of the lamb. Redeem [Music] forever again. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee, redeemed forever again. [Applause] Praise be to God. Amen. [Music] I can hear myior calling. I can hear my Savior calling. Take thy cross and follow. Follow me. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. I will be with him all the way. Oh, where he leads me. I will follow where he lives. I will follow and where he lives. Then I will follow. [Music] I go with him. With him all the to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We just want to thank the Lord for giving us another opportunity to be here. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. We have a few prayer needs we want to bring before you tonight just before we change the order of the service. And uh uh we have uh brother Daily speaking for us tonight. So we would all like to give time to the word. But let's just take these uh few prayer needs and um [Music] got a pray from brother uh Frank Prader yesterday and uh uh due to a night of intense back and leg pain I went to the Mercy Hospital ER emergency room I had uh to cancel a dentist appointment reveal Sarah Dicks are calling into the ER doctor. My back uh is in a mess. Normal treatment today was a pain shot and a steroid. That's brother Prader and uh he want us to take him up in prayer tonight. Praise the Lord. And uh we have a unspoken prayer request from uh uh sister Christine for her brother and her dad and uh mom also. We want to lift them up in the hands of the Lord. And uh we take kind of spoken prayer requests for sister Geneva and also for the uh brother Lawrence and his family. And uh let's just bow our heads tonight. [Music] Let's sing that one more time. And where he leads me now will follow. Where he leads me now will follow. And where he leads me, then I will follow. I go with him. With him all the way. I go with him through the garden. I'll go with him through the G and I will go with them through the G. I will go with him and with thee. all the way. Let's lift our voices of this evening and brings thanks to the Lord for giving us another opportunity to be in the house of the Lord. And we just ask his blessing together upon the service as we're about to go into the word that he will come out of his out of the pages of his word and speak to us tonight while we break these knees uh before the Lord. We remember brother Prada and we remember the unspoken prayer needs of uh uh sister Christine uh sister Jennifer, brother Lawrence and his family and uh and whatever special need in your heart tonight. We want to lift to the Lord. Let's just take this time as we just stand before him in prayer. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, Father, we come as a church of the living God. Lord, Father, we just want to take this time, oh God, Father, just before we you speak to us, Lord God, to be able to make known, Father God, our our our supplication to you, blessing your name, Father, for giving us, Lord, this this opportunity to be here, Father God. Oh God, lifting our hands up, oh father, in an evening sacrifice to you, thanking you, Father, Lord God, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that Father God, you would just Lord, oh God, come, oh God, Father, in a special way, make this evening special for us tonight, to God, let the power of God and Father, out of your word, Lord, let the word come and captivate us tonight, to God. Father, let the presence of the Lord be so rich for us, oh God. Oh father Lord as we take these knees to you God we pray for brother Prader Lord God Father and also hearing that brother uh Steve Cash is having pain in his back Lord we pray for him too father that Lord God you will touch him oh Lord Jesus father we pray oh God oh God you will undertake for your children Lord Father God our sisters Lord Father God Lord we father God the burden on their heart Lord the needs in their life the needs in their home and family oh We lift it up to you, Father God. Lord Jesus, this evening, oh God, precious Lord, that you would come, oh God, in a special way, Father, come in a special way, Lord Jesus Christ, want to take for your children, oh God, Father, precious Lord. Oh God, Father, we learn from your word that after those seals were open, oh God, Father, we saw that the the prayers of the saints, oh God, Father, that were right under the altar, Lord. Oh, what a wonderful thing. We can go with you through the guiding tonight Lord as we oh God make known to you father our need we pray oh God father Lord Jesus oh God father Lord for this assembly pray oh God for the constant leadership of the Holy Ghost Lord keep us oh God on Father Lord the preeminence of your word oh God help us in every area where we need you the most father every family oh God father that need you we pray step in their in their situation job situation finite situation. Oh God, whatever it is, so precious Lord, oh God, relationship situation, Father, Lord, we ask that Lord God, you will undertake tonight, oh Father, we come, oh God, Lord, we say praise your name, oh God, every praise, every glory, every honor belongs to you. Come, oh God, Father, and just come and bring your word to us tonight, oh God. What a wonderful savior you are. What a faithful God you are tonight, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, our young one out there in the camp, visit them, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we praying, oh father, Lord God, oh God, they have few more, tomorrow is their last marathon day to go. We pray, oh father, Lord God, that you would just do something special for them. We love you tonight. We appreciate you, Father God. Lord, with expectation tonight, Lord Jesus, we come to be able to receive from you. What an awesome God you are, Father. What a wonderful savior you are tonight. Oh, thank you, Jesus. And I go with him, with him all the way. [Music] Thank you, Jesus, tonight. We thank you, Father. We appreciate you, oh God. We glorify your holy name. Bless us in your presence tonight, oh God. Speak to us out of your word. Captivate us tonight, Lord. Captivate us by your presence tonight. I'll bless your name. I'll bless your name. And we give you honor, Lord. We give you praise. You are the light. Let's stand on our feet now. The truth and the way. I bless your name, Lord. I bless your name. Oh yes, I bless your name. I bless your name and I give you honor. Oh, I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name, and I bless your name. Let's sing that. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Oh, something good is going to happen. Something wonderful is we are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Just praising God. Let's greet one another tonight. We are together again. [Music] Oh, something good is going to happen. Something wonderful. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something wonderful is so we are together again. [Music] Just praising the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord and offering we all to you. A sacriice [Music] says our thanksgiving and we all come on to you. The sacrifice s of praise. Oh yes. And we brings a sacrifice of praise into the house. of the Lord. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise. Oh yes, to the house. Oh, and we offer and we hover to you a sacrifice. Yes. Thanksgiving and we all to you. Oh, [Music] many many many many. Let's sing that chorus. Messiah is the king of kings. Let's sing that. [Music] [Music] Oh, he's the king. He's the king of kings and the lord of hope. Oh, Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the Lord of Lord. Oh Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord of Lord. Messiah is the king. Okay. Oh Messiah is the Lord of Oh my He's the king. Okay. and the Lord. Oh, Messiah is the king of kings. Oh yes, he's the Lord of all. Jesus is the king. Jesus is the king of kings. Oh Jesus, he's the Lord of all. Oh Jesus, he's the king of kings. Oh Jesus, he's the Lord. Oh, he's my king. [Music] And the Lord, the Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus is the king of Oh yes. Oh Jesus is the Lord. Oh, he's my king. He's the king of kings and the lord. Oh, hallelujah. Jesus, he's the king of kings. Oh yes. Jesus, he's the Lord. Let's do that one more time now. Oh, he's the king of kings. He's the Lord of host. Messiah is a king of King. Oh my Lord. Oh, he's a king. [Music] Hallelujah. And the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Messiah. He's the king of kings and my [Music] praise. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you ready for the word tonight? Praise the Lord. We want to give enough time to the word. We pray our service on Sunday. So we only have tonight with brother belly, you know. Uh he's a he's a good friend of mine. Amen. We've been having some good time together. So uh what can we sing tonight? It's a wonderful thing. Let's sing a wonderful thing. Amen. Why brother? Come. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, it's a wonderful way that there is one thing to be free from sin and have Christ within me and join her with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. It's a wonderful thing to carry. Wonderful to be free from sin and have Christ with Jesus my Lord. It's a wonderful wonderful. Oh, what a wonderful every [Music] with Jesus. [Music] [Music] the power. Amen. May we please bow our heads for a word of prayer. Gracious Almighty God, we thank you very much tonight for this wonderful privilege that we have to be called your sons and to be called your daughters. Thank you for inspiring it in our hearts to come into your presence defying every situation and the weariness of the body because you have placed your love upon our hearts. Father, we want to thank you and we're asking tonight that you will accept our praises and our worship. They are proceeding out of thankful and grateful hearts. May you accept them, heavenly father. May you also accept our person. Let nothing, oh God, stand between our soul and the savior. Come by their father and do those things that you are known by. move through the audience of your people, but please don't pass no one by. May you stop at the post of each individual. May you descend their needs. May you discern their petitions and their request and grant to them the substance of their desires. Oh, establish them, settle them, make them happy, fulfill their joy. Oh God, please bring the bread of life unto us. Make the path to your glory brighter. May the preaching of the word cast out all fears. Let it cast out demons of sicknesses and whatever form that we are being held by Lord that we might be free and become lightooted having our burdens rolled away to continue to testify and to give the proof that you are indeed alive. You are not dead. Bless us is our prayer. Bless your servant the pastor here. May you continue to increase his wisdom. Give him more revelation and the grace that he has need of to continue to tender the flock of your people. We ask for the ministers that are associated with him that you will also bless them. Oh God, bless the officers of the church. Bless every family represented in here. Visit them all in a wonderful way. You promise to build your church with the gate of hell on prevailing. May you confirm that promise in the life of every brother, every sister, both young and old, in every family. We pray. Help us tonight. If there be those who are still coming on their way, may you guide their path here safely. If there be those who are in their houses, may you give them a quickening. Oh God, touch your people for good. And if there be those who are connected with us in the hair waves, may your cable pass from you unto us and from us unto them that they might be like partakers of the same blessings such as we shall receive. Be with other saints who are gathered elsewhere tonight. Your presence that we believe is with us. Let our same presence abide with them that both here and there when the services will be over. Amen. we would we would all have the cause to give you praise and to give you glory. Grant it is our desire as we commit thy ser ourselves thy word and this time into thy care in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. The Lord bless you. Um so that you can take your seats once and for all I will suggest we read our Bibles and thereafter we can greet ourselves and go to the preaching of the word. If you have your Bibles with you I just want us to turn to the book of Job tonight. Job chapter one. Can you bear to stand for us to read the whole chapter? All right. That's good. Job chapter one. If you are there, say amen. All right. There was a man in the land of whose name was Job. And that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and assued evil. And there were born unto him seven sons, and three daughters. His substance also was 7,000 sheep, and 3,000 camels, and 500 yoke of oxen, and 500 shihasses, and a very great household. So that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east. And his sons went and feasted in their houses, everyone is day, and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them. And it was so when the days of their feasting were gone about that job sent and sanctified them and rose up early in the morning and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all. For Job said, "It may be that my sons have sinned and cursed God in their hearts." Thus did Job continually. Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, Whence comest thou? Then Satan answered the Lord, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it? And the Lord said unto Satan, "As thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fear God and assure evil?" Then Satan answered the Lord, and said, Doth Job fear God for not? Has not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? Thou has blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land. But put forth thy hand now, and touch all that heath, and he will cause thee to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all that they hath is in thy hand. Only upon himself, put not forth thy hand. So Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house. And there came a messenger unto Job and said, The oxen were plowing, and the ass is feeding beside them. And the Sabbians fell upon them, and took them away. Yeah, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword, and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. While he was there speaking, there came also another and said, "The fire of God is falling from heaven, and had burned up the sheep and the servants, and consumed them, and I only am escaped alone to tell thee." While he was here speaking, there came also another and said, "The Chaldians, I made out three bands and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away. Yeah, and slain the servants with the hedge of the sword, and I only am escaped alone to tell thee." While he was here speaking, there came also another and said, "Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their elder brother's house. And behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smoked all the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead, and I only am escaped alone to tell thee." Then Job arose and rent his mantle and shaved his head and fell down upon the ground and worshiped and said, "Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither. The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." In all this, Job sinned not nor charge God foolishly. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his holy word. Amen. God bless you. You may please be seated. I'd like to greet everyone of you tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And uh I want to thank God again for making it possible for me to pass uh by and to be in fellowship with the saints with the believers from this part of the world. Amen. And uh I thank uh precious pastor here for extending to me this privilege to be of service uh believing God somewhere along the line we can be of a blessing. And uh I forgot to tell you that Pastor Baker said I must thank you for your generosity. Yeah. Because I was actually meant to be here last Sunday. But uh for some reasons which God knew before the foundation of the world and the generosity of your pastor, I was loaned to Arizona and uh we did had a wonderful time there. So he told me repeatedly while going to the airport that you must thank that brother for his generosity for me and the church. So in case he ask you, let him know that I passed his message. He said he was very very kind. So you have a very kind pastor. So the Lord bless you and I bring the greetings from the saints in Arizona and um also that of those in Virginia and uh also from Nigeria. Uh we are doing well by the grace of God and uh it's a joy to see all of you again and we trust to God that you are all doing fine. Amen. So but you'll have to bear with me since your Sunday was Lent. Uh this is the only evening that I have with you and uh but I trust that the Lord will uh give us more time as we wait for the coming of the Lord. Tomorrow morning I'll be flying to New York uh till the weekend then to Canada before returning to Nigeria. So I coveret your prayers that God will help me through the rest of the journey. But I've enjoyed every bit of my time since I arrived in the early hours of yesterday. I was supposed to have come in in the night. But we had flights delay. We were in the plane for 2 hours. Uh first it was the co-pilot that was missing. When they eventually got the co-pilot, then the weather was a problem. When the weather got out of the way, then we were on the queue. We are we became number 15 on the queue to fly. And uh in all the process two hours was gone uh right in the plane. So I think I came in past 1:00 a.m. yesterday morning. But all is well and uh so glad to see you again. Amen. So tonight I want to speak on lessons from the temptation of Job. Lessons from the temptation of Job. Amen. And uh I'd like to call your attention to the very first verse of the scripture that we read. The Bible told us that there was a man in the land of whose name was Job. And that man was perfect. That's where I'm going. Perfect and upright. Upright and perfect people ordinarily should not have problems. Yeah, this is why I must read his background for you. He was perfect. He was upright. He was the one who feared God and avoid evil. So by the righteousness of his own day, he was living above board. I'm trying to give you his background and his credentials so that maybe somebody's picture might fit into that tonight. And uh not only that, not only was he righteous, now this thing we have read, it's God's own assessment of Job. This was how God saw him. And that was why it was placed like this in the only eternal records. Nothing can change this record because God wrote that of him himself. Are you following now? He was not just perfect. He was not just upright. He was not just somebody who feared the Lord. He was not just somebody who shone evil. He was also somebody who placed his family under the atonement. So we can say he was a good Christian family man. He was a man that anticipated every situation. The Bible said he would think this young people maybe while they are playing they have caused God they have done this they have done that. He never even waited for any one of them to come and confess, own up or make right before he atones for them. This was the character and this is the character we are talking about tonight. Are you with me? Now you will appreciate why I'm giving this background as we go on. All right. But one day the Bible said Job true to his type or true to his life came for service. The meaning of when the sons of God uh it came to pass when the sons of God present themsel before the Lord simply means they came for service. Are you listening? There is no tough mystery to that. They came for service. What we are doing tonight is that we are presenting ourself before the Lord. We came for service. Now there might have been sisters in that congregation. But you know in God's population counting sensors, he only counts men. You understand? The day he fed 5,000, there might have been 15,000 there. They will tell you 5,000 men beside women and children. Are you catching it? So there might have been more people there. So when they say sons of God, sons of God sometimes is a figurative word in the Bible to represent the entire thing. Are you following? So when they present themsel before the Lord, Satan also came for that service. Now Satan attend services. Yeah. And there's nothing you can do about it. is here tonight. Yeah. And let me give you one of the symptoms of Satan. When you are dozing in the church, is is it God that is responsible for it? You can say that. I mean, I don't need to labor to prove that to you. Ah, my brother said, "Yeah, Satan attends service." When your mind is wondering about, Amen. until the rest are saying, "Amen." And you are wondering what did they say amen to. Satan is attending service. Because he will do everything he could to take away your attention so that you can miss your visitation. Even the prophet said when gifts are not being used right, amen, spiritual nine gifts that are general gift of God but operated wrongly, he says Satan is responsible for it. So, Satan attends service. Amen. And I want you to know he's also here tonight. But you know what? There is no need praying get him out. Uh because he will attend. The prophet said even in the Bible, God recognized Satan in the church. Because the problem of Job started in the church, not outside. It was from the church that his problem started. But what we can do to Satan is to put him in a condition where it will be difficult for him to operate. Amen. If you understand the millennium, the meaning of millennium, millennium is simply an environment where it became impossible for the devil to operate. That's what the prophet said. It said it will be bound with a chain of circumstance but it's not a physical chain. Amen. The chain is such that all his subjects are in hell. The church on earth is the redeemed. So he had nothing to walk on. Are you getting the secret? So if we all here are redeemed, that means the devil will have nothing to walk on. So as long as he has nobody to walk on, we are going to have peace. So when he comes into the service because he had nobody to walk on, he will be rendered useless. So tonight you can render him as an ordinary unlooker without any effect. You can do that in the church. You can do that in your house and you can do that in your life. Hallelujah. So let's render him useless. That is why if there be anything wrong in your life, don't wait to make it right. If you have hard feelings against anybody, don't wait to sort it out. When you are doing those things, following those little little instructions, you are purging yourself and you are ready Satan powerless in your life, in your congregation, in your home. Praise the Lord. So he's welcome if he wants to come for service but we are going to make him useless. How many accept that challenge? Aha. If we have not been doing that let's always do that. Let's render him impotent in our midst. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So when he came for this service the Lord spotted him and he asked him where are you coming from? He said from to and fro everywhere and anywhere. It was God himself who put up Job for examination. Listen to me. Satan was looking maybe seeing looking for the next target and God said don't worry I have one for you. Have you considered my servant Job? And the Lord repeated all the credentials that he gave to introduce Job into the scripture. It's a man that ensued evil. It's a man that feared me. It's a man that is upright. It's a man that places his family under the atonement. This, that, and the other. Every eternal quality that you can talk about, God spoke of Job. God wasn't expecting the devil to admit because Satan doesn't admit what is right. You know why? The way the economy of the devil operates, you must understand the economy of the devil operates in a way that nothing goes for nothing. Meaning that you cannot be nice without having an ulterior agenda. That's what I mean. Amen. Because in the economy of the devil, they are not nice. If they try to do anything good, they have a gain to make out of it. You want me to give you an example? All right. There was a time, you remember the woman who uh uh who was trying to anoint Jesus with that costly box of uh perfume oil, Alabasa. You remember? Do you remember how Judas's scariot took offense? Doesn't that look like a nice person? He said, "Why all this waste?" This thing could have been sold for so so much. And truly, he was making a point because that box of alabaster oil equals the cost of it. According to Israelites, you know, if you travel to Israel, all those their guides, according to their guides, they said the cost of that box will pay the annual wages of six Elite soldiers. Yeah, that was why the Bible said she dusted all her savings, everything she had ever gathered to buy just one box of perfume. So you can imagine why Judas's scariot was so unhappy with the arrangement that if we sold this thing for so much, we can set up a foundation that will take care of plenty poor. Isn't that nice? But the Bible was quick to tell you that it is not because he care for the poor, but it is simply because he's the one who carries the bag. He's a thief. He's been stealing church money. That is the only reason he was that nice because if the money had come in, he had imagined the percentage that would have gone to his pocket. And Jesus knew he was stealing, but he never talked about it. So the kingdom of the devil operates in such a way that nothing goes for nothing. Let me tell you friends so you can understand me more. In serving God, there are benefits. Listen to me. There are blessings. In fact, it pays to serve Jesus. If you have not started serving him, start tonight. Your life will never make any meaning until you give it to God. He is the owner of that life. He is the creator of that life. And he never created a life without a purpose. You have a need to meet in the body. That is why he created you. And as long as you find that purpose when you are serving it, you are God's maintenance obligation. Amen. Are you with me, brethren? Now, but we don't serve God because of benefits. Even though we know there are benefits in there. Are you catching it? And let me give you an example. The prophet said if at the end of my journey the Lord will tell me that of despite all these your services I will send you to hell. He said that will not make me quit serving God. I will keep serving him because I'm of the generation of there is nothing that can separate me from the love. Are you still in a condition that something can separate you? You have not begun. Let me tell you friends, we are going to the same heaven these people went and they never lived as angels on the earth. They lived like mortals. Elijah was a man of like passion just as you are. Amen. They had their appointments, their disappointments, their high times, their low seasons. So whatever is happening to you has happened before. So the prophet said, "I will keep serving the Lord still and if at the end he sent me to that L, if there is still the love of God in hell, I will still be loving him and serving him." Are you catching it? If that is technical for you, let us look at the three bru children because I want you to get every point. The three Hebrew children were on trial, isn't it? Yes. Shedrach, Misak, and Abednego. They said, "You either bow or we send you to the fire." And they said, "It's okay." Uh, but they were close to the king. Remember that they were king's governors. So he thought to give them a soft landing. And they said to him, "You know what, king? Don't bother yourself. If you give us 10 chances, our decision remains the same. So we might as well conclude the business instead of waiting time, wasting time." He said, "We know." Now watch, wait for it. We know that our God can deliver us. They knew his ability. They know what God can do. But here is a super revelation. Now, they also know the sovereignty of God. Meaning that it isn't everything that God can do that he does. Through that a little bit and let it settle. It is not everything that God can do that he does. And it will not still change God. It will not still make a difference. It can heal you, but it might choose not to heal you for his own pleasure. That is what I'm saying. We know that our God can deliver us. But excuse me king if he chooses not to do what he can do. In other words, if it be pleasing to him that instead of delivering us, he allowed us to roast to ashes in fire, yet we will still not bow down. That must be a capstone revelation to you. Those are the generations of those who said, "What can separate us?" So you could tell that those f those folks were not serving God because of benefit. There is benefit in it. Don't misunderstand me. Amen. There is rapture in it. There is wedding supper. There is a millennium reign. There's a living in the four square city. Even before we go into that, there are many benefits in here. Eh, it said because when we receive the Holy Ghost, all that we need and all that you will ever need even to your rapture is already in you. Tell me what your needs are tonight. They are inside in you. He said when you come around fellowship and you hear the word, the word of God is like a water that waters the life that is in you. And as you water your plants, what will it be doing? It will be growing. As you keep watering, when it goes to full stature, it will be fruiting. Start bringing fruit. Amen. All those fruit is bringing was already in there. They were already in there. It will take nurturing to bring it out. So calm down. All is well. Just keep nurturing that life. Whatever your needs are. If you need children is in there. If you need a husband is in there. If you need a wife is in there. If you need an accommodation is in there. If you need a job is in there. He said all that you need and all you will ever need. This is why Jesus told you, let's make a deal. You seek first the kingdom. [Music] And his righteousness. Let that be your ultimacy. He sell all other things I will. Let me tell you whether you pray for those other things or you don't pray for them. As long as you are faithfully seeking the kingdom, you will get them. If your faith can rise up to that level, your heavenly fathers know you need them. He will never withhold anything good for you. What blocks your blessing or what keeps it a distance is your anxiety. God doesn't want you to be anxious. This is why the prophet said Christianity is rest. Christianity is what? Rest. Rest little bride. Because all is well. That is why you can't walk well on this journey without having faith. Hallelujah. Brother said faith is your earnings. Oh let let's let's look at it this way. Let's look at it this way. Okay. Who has any notes no matter how small or a coin of your dollar? I know it's a cashless society but it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter the denomination. Thank you, pastor. It's going to build me out. All right. God bless you. All right. Now, Sister Naomi, yeah, I call her because she's my land lady. Now, if you were hungry and um you said, "If I could just get a loaf of bread, I'll be very fine." And I ask you how much is a loaf of bread? You say $1 should do that or less. Now, and I said that's not a problem. Take now. Do you know how you are going to feel even without the loaf of bread? You are going to feel at peace. But you don't see the bread yet. Why are you feeling at peace? Because you have the purchasing power. Amen. That dollar is as good as that bread. What kept you anxious hungry before was because you don't have the purchasing power. But now you have it. Even if they tell you it takes two miles to get to the bread, you are going happily. There will be just be a new surge of energy because you've got what it takes to get the bread. You already feeling satisfied and yet you don't have the bread. You have not eaten the bread, but you've got what it takes. That dollar is your faith. The substance of what you are, the bread you are hoping to get, the evidence of the bread you have not seen. Amen. Amen. Did you catch that? So, you can just be waving your $1 on the street and be going. Whatever comes your way, you say, "Get out there. I want to get my bread because you have what it takes." So, when faith takes a hold, nothing can disturb you any longer. You will mock your fear. You will laugh in the face of your adversity. So what trouble us is faithlessness [Music] and love and faith they are relations. Uhhuh. You didn't get that. Now for those who ever fell in love. It's part of the word of the Lord. For those who ever fell in love. When your lover tells you something, do you doubt it? Did you get what I'm saying? Do you ever doubt them? It says uh I'm coming. That I'm coming to you is as good as he has come. You will start preparing. Somebody ask you what's going on. Ah, he's coming. I said I can tell. I can tell. I can. Everything about you is coming. You are cleaning the house because he's coming. Yeah, you are preparing some meals because it's coming. You are even changing your dress because it's coming. You believe it. Nothing in you doubts that word that is coming. It's because you are in love. If you truly love the Lord, you don't doubt his word. [Music] [Applause] And you see that love of the Lord can only be shed abroad in your heart by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Are you catching it? So, okay, if I keep going this way, are you prepared to stay all night? Amen. They said they are prepared. You are tempting your brother now. This is the only thing I do in my life. So I can do it till morning. All right. But you will still have to go to work. So let me be coming gradually. Praise the Lord. So Job, have you considered my servant Job? Satan began to make excuses. Yes. How will he not serve you when you did this? When you did that, when you did that? And the Lord said to what the Lord wanted to prove to the devil was that Job was too genuine to serve me because of physical substance. Can we serve him because we love him? When you serve the Lord because you love him, what you have does not affect your service. Neither what you don't have. Amen. Neither will it also affect your service. When a man is not truly connected with God, when he begins to make success, it begins to affect his commitment. That's right. That is why the prophet said, "Money can be a sneer either way." If you have it, it can be a snare. If you don't have it, it can also be a snare. But for the man who is connected to God in love, nothing is a snare. Because you know why he has gotten first the pe of great great price. Every other thing is not the fountain of his joy. They can add to enhance his joy, but they are not the source of his joy. So that whatever he has or he does not have does not move him because he's gotten the main thing. This was what God wanted to prove by Job. Amen. That Satan, you got it wrong. Even if you take everything, Job will still serve me. Can we take a bet? Satan reach out his hand and God reach out his hand. They made a bed. Now to the devil, he wants to tempt Job. To God, he wants to prove Job. Amen. Are you here? Amen. God wanted to prove to Satan that Job is my son is genuine. And Satan wanted to prove to the de to God that look job is a fake. When you go with a negative mind to attack people, that's temptation. When you go with a positive mind, that is proven. Right? Take for instance, if I went to the market to buy this Mac uh to buy this uh microphone, I don't go with a mind that what I want to buy will not work. Has anybody gone that way? Unconsciously you want to buy something that works. So when you are buying it, you say, "Let us test it to be sure it's working." Is that right? You won't say, "Let's test it to be sure it's not working." It's an unconscious thing. So you are trying to prove that is functioning. But when Satan attacks you, he wants to prove that you are not functioning. You are not genuine. You are fake. So to the devil, you are facing temptation. To God, he is testing you. Amen. God doesn't tempt any man. But God test his children. And let me tell you when this testing will come sometimes God does not have to seek your permission or inform you. Imagine we are in service tonight and there's a there's a conversation going on right now between God and Satan over somebody. Who is that person tonight? Nobody will raise their hand. Even me, I would not want to raise my hand. But if he force my Lord, I will ask for grace. And let me tell you, God will not chest out put his chest out for you when he knows he hasn't put what it takes. Are you with me? Anytime God throws or allow something to come your way is because God knew what he has put there. Amen. It's not about you but about his own deposit. Nobody can withstand any situation but God in a man withstand any condition because the word has to run correctly and believers must know this so that you you approach any condition with a positive attitude. Are you with me brethren? The Bible said there's no temptation that is uncommon. How many read that in their Bible? 1 Corinthians chapter 10. So I say it all the time to you. Don't allow the devil to jolt you in self-pity. When you accept the devil's position that you have the most peculiar problem, problem that doesn't uh peculiar personal problem. Three Ps problems that don't happen to other people but only you. If you ever allow the devil to sell that lie to you, he has won round one battle in your life. You know where he's going? He's going, he's trying to bring you to a point of complex, right? Because he knows that whatever he throws your way, as long as you are still connected to God, he hasn't won the battle and he can never win the battle. Let me tell you, there's nothing out there. It's just a mirage. The Bible said the challenges you are facing, your people who are in the world are facing it also. It's in the Bible. But you know the grace you have, you have the bumper of the blood. That is why no matter how tough it is, it doesn't consume your life. You don't contemplate suicide. Uh-huh. You look at it, you tell your soul, don't worry. The Lord will make a way somehow. You live a life that confuses the devil. That's right. Because it's no longer you living. A grace has entered. Hallelujah. Have the things you go through, something go through half of it. And yet they've terminated it all. So you are better off in the house of the Lord. No matter what happened, don't ever allow the devil to take you out of God's presence. Don't ever allow the devil to isolate you. Tell the devil, "We will stay here. We will stay in the presence of God. We will serve him." Look at Job response in all his situations. How did he respond? He responded with worship. In order was the devil bring it on. If I was pressing God 10 times before, I'm going to do it 20 times. You must live a life that confuses the devil until he doesn't know what to do with you again. This is what I'm saying. Thank you, Lord. You love him. Am I shouting too much? Just bear with me, brethren. I'm just feeling good. Amen. So he said uh let me take those things away and I will make him curse you to your face. That's all the agenda of the devil. What threw Satan? What make Lucifer to become Satan in the beginning was worship. He wanted it from you. Yes, my sister. He wanted it from you. That was what contaminated him. He said, "Thou art perfect in thy way until iniquity was found in you." What was iniquity? An attempt to raise his throne I above that which is called God. Amen. He has achieved that in the world. But you see, he's not satisfied because the people's worship he really wanted are the stars of God. You, you, you, you. Thank you, Lord. live a life that tells the devil you will die an unsatisfied guy because my worship is not going to get to you and you have a scriptural position for that because the Bible said all the people of the head will worship him. Revelation 13:8 except those whose names are in the lamb's book of life. [Applause] That is why whatever the devil brings tell him is not uncommon. Don't Yeah, it's not uncommon. Don't even judge me to self-pity. I don't live in pity party club. There's nothing new under the sun. Amen. Whatever has happened, whatever is happening now has happened before. And if there be a tomorrow, there will be a repeat of cycles. But do you know the Bible told us, "But God is faithful." Amen. How many say amen to that tonight? How many believe God is faithful? Wave your hand to Jesus. Say, "God is faithful." Wave your hand to Jesus. Say, "God is faithful." God is faithful. Hallelujah. What is the proof of his faithfulness? Two things. He will not allow you to be tempted above what you are able to bear. Come on. Did you see that? Meaning that whatever God permit, he has put the capacity. You have some grace that you yourself don't realize you have. Church, listen to me tonight. Shall I prove it to you? Okay. He say we will leave here tomorrow night. You have some grace. I say you have that you don't even realize you have. Now one day the Bible said God came down to Gideon. You ever read the story of Gideon? Now at the time the Lord came down to Gideon, Gideon was acting like a coward. Did you notice that he had a little harvest and he couldn't t his harvest at the treing floor, you know, to beat out the leaves and so forth and get his wheat. The Bible said because of the fear of the Medidianites. So he had to camouflage and do a decoy. Instead of using the treing floor, he went to the wine press to hide it from the medianites. So he was a man found in a state of fear and cowardice. But when God came down, how did God address Gideon? Bible. Did God say Gideon, thou coward? No, he said Gideon thou mighty man of valor. Even Gideon himself had to say mighty man of valor. He will have to look at him twice. What is mighty? What is me that is hiding what I had to hide it from medianites. So that means God must have been seeing what others didn't see. Yeah, God must have been seeing what Gideon himself did not see. And the Bible told Samuel, you see, God does not see as men see it. You see yourself unable and insufficient, but God is looking at you and said, this is a champion. This is a victor. This is a princess. This is a prince. This is a king. This is a queen. this will rule and reign. You can say I'm not fantasizing. I'm proving my case by the scripture. He said Gideon, thou mighty man of valor, the Lord is with thee. And Gideon was in a state of cowardice. Maybe when the angel even came down, he thought it was a medianite. He quickly said, "Come, I want to talk to you." So if God permits anything is because he has put it inside you. And when you read the story of Gideon, which one eventually happened? Was it his coward eyes or his ve? When he gathered 30,000 people or so God said, uh, you don't need that much. He keep thinning down the ground or they thinned it down to 300. He said, "By the hand of this 300, I will put all the whole of Median into your hands." And they came back to prove that indeed what God said of him was the right thing. So if God allowed anything is because he has approved of you, he knew what he deposited in there. So allow God a chance. This is why you will look at the face of any challenge and say I can handle it. And somebody will say you are arrogant and say no you are not getting it. I'm not arrogant. If God brings it my way is because I can handle it. So how will you do it? I don't know. But the one who brought it will release it. Challenges will provoke the grace that is in you. Amen. and you begin to do exploits the things you ordinarily cannot do. Amen. It didn't fly from outside. It's already within. So the Lord told Satan's is in your hands. Do whatever you want. Let's see. And the Bible said just in one day four calamities that affected everything Job had happened. He lost his children. He lost his business. He lost his wealth. He lost his assets. One day before one finish the news, another one is coming. Before one finished, another one is coming. Job was a man of like passion as you are. How many of us ever confronted a challenge that much? Raise your hand. Nobody. Thanks be to God. So you have no reason to give up on God. You have no reason to child God foolishly. You have no reason to say I'm no longer serving God. When you faint in the hour of adversity is because your strength is small or you have no strength at all. It's high time we told ourselves the truth because the coming of the Lord is so close. Sometimes when people are confronting challenges, the pastor is nervous whether they are going to serve the Lord or not and they themselves are glory in it. If all your years the word hasn't fortified you to be able to stand, something is wrong. Amen. It wasn't angels who said, "What shall separate us from the love of God?" It was martyrs like you. Morts like me and dozens were written for our examples. in order to resurrect our own faith that these things are possible and everything collapsed in one day. And the Bible said after Job heard all the news, he went to the house of the Lord, I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No. If you turn back, you won't be where Job is. That's why the prophet said, "You must remember you want to be in the same heaven that they went." And these stories were not myth. They were the truth. They happened. Hallelujah. All right. The Bible said he worshiped and never tried God foolishly. He did not even complain. He did not even say, "Why me Lord?" That will be the special number of some of us for the next three Sundays. Why me Lord? Why me Lord? If it is not you point who should be who it should be and the problem started from the church. The devil went back to the next service and he made Job in service. Amen. your ears. Read your Bible because he came back again and God said how far. I like it. If God will say how far and the devil will be found one thing, he will not have any answer to give. Say how far. Job is in service tonight. He sang like never before. He worshiped me like never before. He said amen like nothing happened. He rejoice in the spirit. Can you say that guy is not fake? He's genuine. True to Satan's type. [Music] It's because it was his assets. It's because we touch secondary things. If we go for the primary thing which is himself, all that a man has, he will give for his life. God told Satan, you are an incurable optimist, but in this one will prove to you that you will fail. Okay, go ahead again and touch Job. He's in service tonight. Do everything you want to do, but the only thing is I won't give you his life. The trials, the challenges are not meant to consume you. Your life is too precious for God to joke with. So don't say, "Oh, this thing will kill me." It won't kill you. If you die, it's your body obeying your own confession. The intention of God is simply to prove Then you begin to wonder why is all these things? Why? We will see the end. We see the results. Now Job was so dealt with. He became so bad until he had to be quarantined. He couldn't stay inside the house. They have to put him on a harsh eve where he could get the pot shots to be scraping himself. The sickness he had defied all known medical help of that time. Now this is where I'm going. until his own friends, his own co-believers, colleagues in the church, the prophet called them his church members until when they came the condition in which they met their brother Joe left them in shock and in a temporary coma for seven days. You came and said we don't know this is the level. Ah and for the next seven days they couldn't close their mouth. Read your Bible. The Bible said for seven days they couldn't talk. They were in shock day one, day two, day three. Meaning they were on that spot. They themselves could not get up and eat when they saw what the damage the devil has done to a life. As somebody in shock as somebody be shocked for your life for 24 hours. Let's be drawing comparison so that you know that sometimes the thing that walk you up, you want to kill yourself or you want to stop church, you want to start serving God for it's not worth it. For seven days those brethren were in shock. It's in the Bible. If the Bible said it, I believe it. Meaning for one whole week, nobody could talk. They were just looking When they eventually got themselves back, brother Job, what happened? And brother Job explained what happened. But as true to the nature of men, they said, "Bro, tell the truth. Your story is not hard enough. God is not this mean. If nothing is wrong in your life, ah, God will never allow a degeneration to this level. Brother Joe, be sincere. This is the position we all take many a time when you find people in bad situations, the first thing that comes to us as an instinct, they've done something wrong. Look at that man that was born blind. Do you remember? He was born blind, no eyes at all. The first response was Jesus who sinned. Yeah. Nobody thought of a possibility that could God have wanted to do something spectacular by this. It was all sin. Judgment. Judgment. Is it his father? mother, grandfather, grandmother. Jesus said, "Save your breath." Nobody sinned. To hear that nobody sinned and that man was in that condition was a shock to them. Because they don't believe somebody can go through that without being a sinner. Brethren, let's learn lessons because your perception of people's situation will determine how you respond. God bless you man. It will determine your response to people. You can be a miserable comforter and you can be a genuine comforter. It is how you settled down to take to perceive their challenges. Let me tell the church tonight it is not every bad situation that is as a result of sin. Amen. This is why the prophet taught us a lesson people overlook sometimes. He said, "No matter how thin you slice anything," Amen. The thinnest thing you can think about is the edge of a paper which you hardly may see. Right? Excuse me, church. This is a paper, right? Are you able to see the edge properly? It's so thin. Are you get it? So no matter how you slice this paper, it will always have two sides. This was the principle of the prophet to bring the word to us. And until you as a church learn that principle, you will judge things wrongly and you will be acting in wrong thinking you are righteous. Yeah. If you don't have a full understanding of a situation, be careful to judge. That is why the prophet said when you hear anything, he said don't believe it. Listen to me. He's not saying you are calling the brother a liar. But it will help you to hold your breath first and hear the other side before you form an opinion. Otherwise, you can contaminate your vessel. That's right. It's a simple instruction, but we don't do it. Uhhuh. And that is why it's easy for many of us to go into complex even against an innocent person. Right? It's already a victim of lie. Then you make him a victim of your own complex. Right? Because sometimes the things you hear or you heard are not correct. Some of us cannot even hold up in the defense of our brother and say no I do not agree. I do not believe he can do that. Let's let let him prove let him tell me by himself. That's what the prophet said we should do. Make excuse for one another. When you even pray, you intercede for somebody. He said when they do you even wrong, he said you go before God and say Lord it doesn't mean to do it. Uhhuh. You make excuse for your brother before the Lord. That is a Christian victory. That is the arch. Amen. That has become victorious. That is a man who will be an Israelite indeed in whom there is no guy. Sometimes you carry hurts and wounds that are not yours simply because of what you heard and you are not ready to do anything about it. It pays to serve Jesus. It pays to obey the word. This was the problem of these brethren. And this problem, let me tell you how great it was. It took them 30 chapters in the Bible. Yeah. Go read the book of Job because they premised their assumption on the wrong thing. All the activity, all their quotations, it is written and it is written that they were doing with Job for 30 chapters was based on falsehood. That is how dangerous it is. This is why the Bible said, "Prove all things and hold to what is right." Amen. You can't enjoy this Christianity if you are not sincere. If you are not honest with your fellow man, you can't be honest with your God. It is true that sin may be a possibility to bring that but that is just one way to look at it. Are you catching it? Yeah. The other side of the coin is that it is not in all cases that it is as a result of sin. God may permit certain things for certain purposes. When Israelite finds themsel before the Red Sea and Pharaoh behind, were they the one who brought themselves to that close up? Answer me church. They were following the pillar of fire and the pillar of fire brought them to a dead end. Now a natural man will look at that and say these are poor guys who don't know their way. But don't forget they follow the pillar of fire and God's path led them to that place. He led them to a place where Pharaoh will close them behind. There will be valleys and hills and mountains on this side. Nowhere to turn. When you find yourself in the situation, just find out how you go there. If you have checked yourself and you find nothing wrong, stand still. [Applause] Hallelujah. And don't accept don't accept the verdict of men. Are you listening to me? What kept Job was his refusal to accept the verdict of his friends. The prophet said he searched himself. He knew there was nothing wrong. He said, "A man who asserts himself, who knew there was nothing wrong, you can't force him to accept a wrong." You can't make him a sinner more than God has taken him out. No sir. And because he refused to accept, he said, "I've searched myself. There's nothing wrong." And his friends kept saying, "There is something wrong. There is something wrong. Search further. Probe further. He kept probing until there was nothing to probe again. They got to the bottom of the sea. Nowhere to go. They said, "No, go get dynamite and blow further. You must get something." That is when you begin to even invent things that are not existing, right? Simply because they said they said they said all these years we are living on they said what did the word say there will always be they said that is why you must know what the word say and whatever the word say let it be your anchor let every man's word be alive Amen. He stood on that and for 30 chapters in the Bible or so these guys kept pounding hard on one thing. You are a secret sinner. And they will say it with such fancy with such vigor with such quotations from Bible from the message. Quotations are pure. Yeah, the Bible verses are pure but your application of it is impure because once you come on the wrong foundation your quotations will be applied wrongly. Are you catching it? And they messed up the whole thing until Elio came down. Right? Sometimes we all need that elu in our lives. And let me tell you a will always come. Maybe you are having a leu tonight. He will always show up. If you are a child of God, there will be somebody who will come and repair damaged altars. When everything has been messed up, there will always be somebody. Amen. God will always show up. The prophet sometimes initially was saying I can show to you that that alou represent Christ. Then finally he said that alou was Christ. [Music] He probably used the body of a young man. Amen. But that was Christ speaking in there. You know why? Before God can perform anything, he must set things in order. But those friends becoming miserable comforter. They have messed up the altar like the prophets of bell from morning till evening. Caught themselves very emotional. Destroyed the tables and yet fire never came down. It took one man before Elijah could bring down the fire of God. The Bible said at the evening time, what did he do? He repaired the altar of the Lord. When the altar is repaired, it becomes easy for God to operate. Your life must be set in order. Your mindset must change. That's right. Did you hear me? Your mindset must change. And it takes a word to do that. Maybe the word is resetting some minds tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you accept the visitation of the Lord, you are getting prepared for your divine intervention. Because when Jesus comes, the tempter's power is broken. Gloominess are taken away. Your life will be filled with glory. Everything is about to turn around for better. When Jesus come to stay, glory, you must accept the verdict of the word. Thank you, Lord. Let every man's world be a lie. I don't want no man to be more successful in my life than God himself. Did you hear me? Yes. Because no man brought me in and none will take me out. Amen. If I do not interact with you, nothing suffers. But if I don't interact with him, everything suffers. Amen. We must accept the verdict of the word. Thank you, Jesus. El came down. He placed those friends where they belong. Friends, this is the grace and revelation you must have that even when things even look bad around a believer. Listen to me. Eternity is always playing in the background. There is never a time that God has ever left your life to a chance. Hallelujah. Because the prophet said, you are not even a product of chance in coming to the earth. It's a quotation. You didn't come by accident. And I believe that. You are a child of purpose. And everything that will aid that purpose in your life will happen in your life, good and bad. This is the meaning of all things work. Oh my. May God reveal it to the church. He said, "And we know it's annoying that all things work together for good, not for everybody, to them who love the Lord, to them who are the called. You see what you should expend your energy on is to find make your calling and election sure to be sure you are the called. If you are the called, sit pretty, sleep tight. Nothing will get out of ket. Hallelujah. This is the assurance of the believers. I've never seen any seed of God in the Bible. Even though sometimes with their mistakes so bad that God never came through for that you never see a purpose of God in their life. Can you take it tonight? Naomi, you see I'm coming to my friend, but I'm referring to the one in the Bible now. You remember that married that gave birth to Malon and Chillion, right? They went out of Bethlehem contrary to divine instruction of the word. Hallelujah. Now when they went out, Na by our testimony said they lost all. Isn't it right? Why did God allowed why did God spank them? Because they walked contrary to the word that they knew. Yeah. When you walk contrary to the word that God taught you, that's disobedience. But you see what you must not get too carried away because that's just a sight to look at it. The other side is that God permitted that thing. Right? You say God permitted it. I'm telling you that there is no lie. There's no time your life was ever abandoned. Amen. If you are a seed of God in your good, in your bad, coach me, I'm on record. Eternity is running in the background. And I'm defending my case by the word. There was no other way root could have come in. That's right. If they had not gone to Moab, he said, but God could have done it in another way. But God didn't do it another way. Yes, I know he can do it, but he didn't do it another This is the way he chose to do it. Uhhuh. You see that? You see that even you see that the only choice you have as a believer is to accept the will of God. The verdict of the word. If you do contrary, God will still have his way. Brother Abraham said, Job by his own testimony said, "What I feared was what came upon me." Is that right? Yes. But God is going to use that even though that was the outlet through which the problem came, God is going to use that to rewrite the word. That's right. For us tonight, God still used that to bring Job to an expected end. Glory. Because you will realize that at the end of the day, Job was pushed. All his trials, all his experiences was just a pudging. There was nothing he lost that he never gained back. Right? The Bible says Samson killed more in his dying than when he was alive. He was more victorious in death. Can you beat that? And tell you friends, if Samson never elected to die with the Philistines, he will come out of that rubble. You'll be wondering how he did it. Do you know all the lords of the Philistines? Everybody was in that place and they wiped all of them out. A child of God. Brother Arab said, "You can never lose. There's nothing to lose." Now watch. When Naami was coming back, he brought this lady they call Ruth. If you don't know how important Ruth was. If there was no root, you would not be here tonight. That's right. Because Ruth was the beginning of the path of the savior. And Ruth was a moabitete, a wash pot. You see that God doesn't see as messy. When she brought into the economy of redemption, all those passed was redeemed. Uhhuh. Rea became another one. the harlot. She became the second woman and they were all Gentiles. Through these two women, the path of the savior was paved. That was how important Ruth was to the economy of God. And it took a Naomi's disobedience to bring her inside. No matter how thin you slice, it will have two sides. Amen. Amen. Brother Abraham said he will look at you and he say you will say Jonah was out of the will of God by going to Tashes instead of going straight to Ninv. He said let me tell you you are wrong. He was never out of the will of God. And that looks rude isn't it? Now but you ask yourself a question. God told Jonah where to go. Did he tell you how he will get Jonah to that place? Come on. Huh? When he showed Joseph that he was going to be a ruler, did he reveal the way? Joseph will walk through to get into that expected end. If he showed the way, do you think Joseph will want to go? He said, if it will take all this, I don't want But can we trust God tonight? The thought I have towards you is the thought of good and not of evil to bring you to an expected expected an end that has been determined that God sits down and he was anticipating that's the that's the meaning and God so trust his own work he say it won't fail he must come to that if you like throw him into the dungeon Joseph will get to Egypt if you like take him to Portifers house he will get to Egypt let wife did what he did he will get to Egypt from there to the prison God say you are bringing him even closer so it's only God that is not nervous because he knew that end from the beginning he was expecting it and that's the story of your life so here was Joe and Helu was repairing in everything. When Elu finished the ground became clear for God to come down. I think God is helping us to arrive very fast now. Don't worry, you soon go now. Then when God arrived, God went to the three friends of Job. All those your 30 chapters of treaties, you have not represented me well. So it was a waste of time. But we can learn a lesson from it. Oh yes. Because the foundation upon which they were approaching Job was faulty. They were approaching Job like a sinner. So their counel will be the counel to the sinner. Are you getting it? Their counel had no grace until they started fighting with him. The hardest to repent is the minister. Job. You are the wise minister. Now it is your turn. You will preach to us. We should repent. You yourself you can repent. And Job will say what will I repent of? Tell me. And you should know. Search. Search. He say I've search. He say search. Search. Say look at your back. Get a mirror and search your back. He search everything because you see yourself. You are not sincere. 30 chapters or so. God came down and said, "You have not represented me." Well, that man you call a secret sinner. I have a deal for you. If you want me to forgive you, if you don't want me to be annoyed with you and deal with you, go and meet him now to pray for you. For only his prayer will I accept. Amen. Do you realize what that means? Job had the monopoly for the pardon and redemption of his friend. If they go to pastor one, they are wasting their time. If they come to me, wasting their time. If they went to father Abraham because Abraham and Job they were contemporaries. They lived in the same era. Mhm. He lived in the far east. Abraham lived in another direction. That's why it is said that Job is the oldest book of the Bible because it was a book that dated back to Genesis season. So if they went to Abraham, the covenant holder, they will not their prayer will not be accepted. God said, "If you want me not to deal with you, that man you call secret sinner for about 30 chapters, go and meet him. Let him pray for you. Only his prayer will I accept. Now you think Job has had trials. No, this is the biggest trial. Those of you carry hot, you'll be in trouble. Now the prophet said, "It is when you lose the love of God in your heart, that is when you can no longer overlook people's mistake. It's a quotation. Those of you are waiting to get to heaven before you settle certain thing. The very sign that you will not be there. If there's anything to settle, it has got to be here. Say he hurt me. He hurt me badly. He hurt me. You see the more you are repeating it, the more you are getting hurt. Yeah, it's it's quing quiet. I like the quietness, but let it sink. The more you are repeating it, the more the earth is getting deep. Why don't you say it's not a big deal? How many will go say it's not a big deal tonight? Say Lord, it's not a big deal. I will let go. If you don't find that grace yet, you need to come to the altar tonight. Are you listening to me? The prophet said, "If you carry hot in your heart, you are walking over the dangers and the leads of hell." It's for time. We can read all those things. They are here. The word is a is a pudger. Is a cleaner. Steven at the cost of his life. Are you here? Has anybody pointed gun at you? They've stoned you. They've mimed you. They've tried to overrun you with car. I'm asking questions. Somebody has aimed your life and intentionally say, "I want to get you killed." But Steven was being killed. Huh? You think it's easy to absorb the strength of stones on your body? And you want to go to the same heaven Steven went. Uh-huh. And in the face of death, what did he say? Father, lay it not to their charge. How many can say that? If you haven't come to such an act, you need to be born again. That is why the prophet said it takes perfect love. And he said perfect love. When your love is perfected, you will extend grace and mercy to those who cannot repay it back. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Abraham in the message adoption said it is not a case of scratch my back I will scratch yours. He said if I scratch yours and you cannot scratch mine. It's good. If if there's a need again I will still scratch yours. He said if you hit me and slap me and your back is aching. I will say while nursing the pains of your I'm still counting stars from your slap. He said bring me your back. I will scratch it for you. Uhhuh. When you incubating and nursing all, you think you are carrying a good gift. You are carrying something that will destroy you. If you understand the simple teachings of Jesus, you will let go and let God. Jesus gave you a huffer tonight. He said, "Forgive and I will forgive you." It's clear in the scripture. He said, "If you don't, I will also not." That's right. So, what hinders you is not all those is not sin. is not the great your the greatest hindrance of a believer is carrying art in their hearts and let me tell you toes will be stepped upon as long as you relate with one another in the body toes will be stepped upon you are and you must be forgiven he said when you lose the love of God you don't you won't overlook people's fault again you want to carry. It hurt me so badly. I ain't going to have nothing to do with that fellow all my life. You go to hell all your life. Sorry, I'm speaking raw. Right. I speak politely here. I'm an African man, but I'm a Christian. Yes, sir. You carry all in your heart because now you think Job has had the most terrible trials. No, sir. The biggest one is what he's facing now. Because for a people who had accused him wrongly and falsely and pounded him so hard with unkind words and became miserable comporter, meaning that they turn his life to misery. Oh yes. Just picture it a little and snap out of your complexes tonight. For a people who have done that, God say they should come to him and he should pray for them. And the prophet said before you can pray for people and be effective, you must enter into the feelings for them. Uh-huh. So that means you must release them from your heart, you must come to a point of love. and a good wish that I really want to change for them. That's Christianity now. That's what is going to make it. [Applause] You can do that. We are still climbing. You are not a bad fellow, but you are still not there. You are you are still coming. Don't don't rest until you get to a point that you no longer bother about earth. That's Christianity. But I thank God Job made it. You know, we are moving to a to a third pole, the final phase of the third pole which includes you and I. Mark 11. He said, "If you stay to this mountain, you can start speaking to your mountain even tonight. What kept your mountain on moving?" Yes. Is what I'm showing you tonight. Let me connect it for you. He said, "If you say to this mountain, be thou removed and cast into the sea." He said, "You shall have it." Did he say so? Yes. Do you believe it? Amen. He said, "But before you speak to your mountain, if you have what against any," what did he say you should do? What did he say? Forgive. Amen. Forgiveness must be a natural nature of a believer, a son of God, a daughter of God. If you find it as a struggle to forgive, tell me who your mother and father is. Yes sir. Because those who are born by Christ, they have a nature of forgiveness. Amen. When the prophet looked at souls under the altar, he said cry the way they were crying for vengeance. He said this one cannot be bread material gentile bread material. You know why? He knows that the gentile bread material will have it as a nature not to ask for vengeance. They forgive. That's what it means. I've shared with you I've taught you something here before. Birth pain utterance of mothers. Do you remember that? Uh-huh. The prophet said, "Those Hebrew mothers, what they uttered in the moment of delivery follows their children and places them in their inheritance." Uh, you two have a mother, mother Jesus. So, that's not the right word to describe Jesus. Oh, how how unright can that be? He's very right. Don't you call him El Shadai? Right. What is El Shadai? Breasted one. The breasted one. Do you describe a man as the breasted one? Okay. Who gets the breasted one identity? He's a woman. So that is the motherhood of God. Is my father, my mother, my sister, my brother is everything to me. Isn't that what you sing? I get the revelation of your song. Amen. That is why he said when life stresses you, you can go to the bosom of your mama. Amen. Mama Jesus. and he will nause you back to life. On the cross of Calvary when he was given birth to you, what was he saying? Father, forgive them for they know not what they are doing. You were born under the birth pain authorance of forgiveness. So forgiveness must naturally locate you and place you into your inheritance in life. You cannot claim conversion and not have a forgiven spirit. It's impossible. That is why Jesus said before you can move your mountains, you must forgive. You know why? When you get to that level, it shows a level of adoption, a maturity that God can trust you not to misuse his power, his gift. Before God will entrust you, he must trust you. Otherwise, some of you with that power, you look at that guy say turn to a cat. Your presence is even annoying me. become a catch and he will become a catch. No, no, no, no. Don't get it wrong. He will become a cat. The prophet said faith will move. Whatever you call will happen. He said but that event might take you out of the will of God and you're going to pay for it. This is why God would rather mature us first before he allow his gift. We come to his presence every night to bake out all greenness so that we can mature to such a stature that God can trust us. The biggest temptation of Job was having to pray for his friends and release them from the guilt of sins. Let us say that in all the trials of Job there were blessings because God God would outsmart Satan. It was in that trial that Job had the revelation of the redeemer. Yes. Did you catch that? I know my redeemer. There are benefits in your trial. You must never always cloud of your situation to overshadow you and not see the goodness of the Lord in it. It was in that trial job was able to solve the question of resurrection. Job will preach when a tree dies he has hope. That's right. But when it comes to man he will keep quiet. And the church member will write question what happened to us after death he said we are still trusting God for revelation. But that day when he saw the redeemer the one who has not done the job of redemption. He called him a redeemer in advance. Hallelujah. because he saw he saw the mind of God. He saw him went to the cross. He saw him pay the price of sin. He saw him he saw his blood touched down. He saw him buried. He saw him resurrected. And he saw himself resurrected. Said, "Wait a minute. I'm saying something. I know my redeemer liveth." And even though the skin worms destroyed his body, yet in my flesh. Amen. Because the glorified body looks exactly like this one, but it's in the glorified state. He said, "Yet in my flesh as I see the Lord whom I shall behold and not another." So some blessings will come to you along the line until the expected end comes. And the Bible told me, can you put for us Job 42 verse 10, our last line? Now let's see this powerful one line how many line scripture. When God came down, all the problems of Job stopped, but he has not received any recovery or restoration. Are you getting it? You may have your condition stopped, but for you to have a recovery, huh? Yeah. What happened? And the Lord turned the captivity of Job when he did what? So if he never pray for his friends, will his captivity be turned? Did you catch that? And also the Lord did what? Gave Job twice as much as he had before. So what is the essence of this whole episode? What is the essence of all these trials? What is the essence of all these challenges? What was the essence of why his friends had to be that mean to him? Whether consciously unconsciously to prepare Job for greater heights. Let me close by saying this tonight. For every height that you attain, there must be a character to match that level. And character is not a gift. It's a victory. Yes sir. When you talk about victory, there must be battle things that challenges you. God will run you through the meal and when you come out, then you are ready. Amen. A man who only lives by $1,000 cannot judge the man who is handling 10,000 because he has never tasted 10,000. If we say this man is not spending his money wisely, if I hold that money, you will see what I will do. We wait for you to hold it and let's see what you do before we trust your judgment. Because you don't realize that with the 10,000 comes the temptation of 10,000. The challenges, the associates of 10,000. If you are able to rise above it, then we can't call you. Talk is very cheap. But in God's economy, he prepares for every achievement. Yes. So that you won't lose your head when you move from point one to two. He works on you and prepare you in advance. Maybe this man here was a millionaire and God wanted to make him a billionaire and he knew that the character to handle that is greater than to handle this. This is all the reason Job went through what he went through. God has a purpose for your situation. He has a purpose for every challenge. He has a purpose for every trial. If you can only trust him and say, "God, I know you can't be wrong. Give me strength and grace for each day and keep no art in my heart. As a matter of fact, we should be thankful to the friends of Job. They only helped to vindicate him. We should be thankful to Portifer's wife. They only helped to move Joseph closer. Amen. Whoever comes along your way and upset you so bad. And you came out of that upset unscattered. God has used him to prove a point that you have gone higher and to reassure you that you are moving higher. May the Lord bless you. Shalom. Oh, all the highway that a child of God can go. Though the road be steep and rough as it leads me is enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Let's stand to our feet now. Oh yes. I want God's way to be my way as I join the near below. For there is no other highway that a child of God can go. Though the road be steep and rough. Yes, Lord. [Music] Yes. I want God's way to be my way every day. Oh yes. I want God's way to be my way as I join in here below. For there's no other highway that a child of God can go. Though the road be steep and rough lead me is what I need. I want God's way to be my way every day. One more time now. Oh yes, I want God's way to be my way as I join in below. But there's no highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steeping rock as he leads me is enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Let's bow our heads together now. Though the road be steep and rough, if you lead me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. While the music plays softly, [Music] let's speak to the Lord together now. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, of God, precious Lord, you have spoken to us, Lord, out of your word tonight, Father, we just want to thank you. We want to appreciate you Lord God that you you came Lord Father God in in in such a simplicity Lord God out of the pages of your word. Oh God, father I pray Lord Jesus you know oh father God what your children are dealing with Lord Father the different things oh God father Lord in our life different challenges before us Lord different things we are believing you for oh God father Lord Jesus we come to the foot of the cross tonight and say father search us Lord God oh precious Lord have mercy oh father God we pray that Lord you would take every hurt you would Take every guilt, Lord. Father, you take every unforgiving spirit, Lord. Every spirit of bitterness, oh God. Father, every spirit, oh God. Every spirit of indifference, Lord. Oh, Father, break us tonight, oh God. Break us tonight, Lord Jesus. Break us by your spirit, oh God. Father, captivate us, Lord. Father, God, by your love tonight, oh God. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Father, we thank you. Thank you for your word tonight, oh God. Father, I pray that God, Lord Jesus, that the the the the the presence of the angel of the Lord will go with us tonight. Oh, Father God, Lord Jesus, as we as we get to our pillows tonight, oh Father, you will, oh God, remind us of the things that we have heard, you will deal with us through the night, oh God. Father, you will deal with us through, oh God, the rest of our lives. Oh father that Lord we will consider these things. We will consider these things. Oh father blessed be your name tonight. Blessed be your name tonight. Though the road be steep and rough. If you lead me is enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Father, we ask your blessings to take us home safely now. Precious Lord Jesus, bless the rest of the night to God. Father, our brother travel out early tomorrow. We pray that God, Father, you would just uh restore his strength through the night, to God. Father, grant him a wonderful trip tomorrow, Lord, and bless the services before him. We love you. We appreciate you, oh God. Until we meet back here on uh Wednesday night, watch between us, Lord. Oh father God and you just be with your children Lord Jesus Christ bless us in our home. Bless us in our work. Rebuke the enemy from the dwellings of your people to God. Father may your word preach tonight be mixed with faith Lord God. Oh precious Lord to bring us to the next level in our walk with you. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Yes, come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. Oh, we walk in the light. Beautiful light. Yeah. And when the dwar drops of mercy arrive, shine all around us by day and by night. We sing Jesus, the light of the world. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] [Applause] Thank you Lord Father. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you brother Delic. God bless you. you travel well and take our greetings with you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing uh uh [Music] we are dismissed. We'll see you on Sunday. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. We We walk. Oh, walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. Walking in the light of God. Oh yes. We walk every day walking in the light. Oh, we walk. Oh, walking in the light. We walk walking in the light. Walking in the light of God. Oh yes, we walk. Hallelujah. Walking in the light we walk every day. Walking in the light we walk. Walking in the light. Walking in the light of God. We walk walking in the
