################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - July 9 2025 Wednesday Service Bro Jabrez - Rapturing Faith For Rapture Power - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    July 9 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Jabrez - Rapturing Faith For Rapture Power
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D-2p-Rp2zA
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You know, Hallelujah. Living below in this sinful world. Not the comfort can I hold striving alone to face temptation. So where could I go but to the Lord? Where will I go? Where will I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the rain. Where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbor was a kind. I love them everyone. We get along in sweeter cold. Lord, when my soul need man from above, where could I go? But to the Lord, where could I go? [Music] Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul, needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] Life here is great with friends I love so dear comfort I get from God's own word but when I face the chilling hand of death [Music] where could I go but to the Lord Oh, where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Need a friend to help me in there. Where could I go? But to the Lord, where could I go? Where could I go? Making a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me. Where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] Neighbors are kind. I love them. Everyone [Music] we get along in sweeter gold. But when my soul needs man from above, where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] Where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Leaning a friend to help me in the rain. Where could I go but to the Lord? Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together with Jesus tonight. Amen. Amen. Are you happy to be here tonight? Just say Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Just turn to somebody and say, "God bless you." Time is filled with swift transition. Not of art and move can stand. Feel your hopes. Some things turn up. Oh to God unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand some things and turn to God unchanging him. [Music] Trust in you who never [Music] bring in my heart friends forsake still closely him to fear. Oh to God unchanging hands. Oh to God's unchanging hands. Your hopes on things and turn. Oh to God's unchanging hands. comes falling in reje [Music] so rapidly decay. See took in a heavenly treasure [Music] there will never pass away. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Feel your hopes something center and fall to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is completed, [Music] if to God you have been true [Music] and bright now in glory. Joy and rapture soul with you. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. your hopes on things and turn to God's unchanging hands. Oh to God's unchanging hands. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hands. Feel your hope on things and turn the earth. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God unchanging hands. Oh to God unchanging hands. [Music] Feel your hope. Something center. Oh to God unchanging. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. You des of the gloryy and the earth. Lord will lay our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. beauties of the glory ever. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. [Music] There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracle so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] You deserve the gloryy [Music] ever honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you, Lord. You are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. [Music] We're going to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's watching to be praised. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Before we continue on our worship here and uh let's just uh you may have your seat. We want to take few prayer needs here tonight. And uh [Music] we want to just pick a few prayer needs here tonight. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Let's uh remember uh dear sister, dear sister Dannis Cat and her grandson Lucas. Uh uh he's about to have an MRI on his intestine. The doctors are checking for inflammation. We pray that all goes well. Amen. We want to remember uh sister Mini Mack from uh the Anchorage Alaska area and uh from down brother Bos the Shivac area there. We just want to pray for our sister. She's on her way uh to Anchorage. This uh message came in sometime this afternoon for the infection on her cheek. So we just want to commit that to the Lord as well believing that uh uh our Lord God is faithful and we want to remember a sister year faith uh uh Titum. She goes uh in for oral surgery on Friday and uh uh and we want to pray that everything will go well. We have some few uh prayer needs here and uh uh this one will come from sister Fu. Praise the Lord saints. I have a procedure this coming Friday and I covert your prayers that everything goes well in Jesus name from sister N. we would take this one and uh she's asking prayer for her brother Joy that God would take uh control of every situation regarding his health and well-being in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh I wrote some few name here that u uh we remember brother Ariel. He was not uh feeling well well yesterday and uh but good to see him. um at his post of duty and also brother Max uh sent a prayer need that we should also remember him in prayer. He's not feeling well tonight. So u let's just take all of these things to the Lord tonight. Jesus. [Music] Let's just sing that chorus before we pray tonight. Yes, Jesus, you are the center of my joy. [Music] And all that's good and perfect comes from you. Lord, you the heart of my contentment. Oh, for all I do. Sweet Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Let's bow our heads tonight. Let's just lift our voices to the Lord in prayer tonight. Let's let's bring him thanks. Let's thank the Lord for giving us this opportunity that we can be in the house of the Lord tonight. We just want to bless his name. We want to thank God for our family, for our children, for all of our loved ones. We want to just appreciate him for his faithfulness, everything that he's doing uh in our lives and especially in this uh little family in this community of believers. We just want to pray tonight that God will just undertake all the prayer needs that we we read tonight. Let's pray together in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, Lord God, we just want to thank you. We want to thank you oh God father Lord forgiving us oh God giving us so precious Lord a time oh God father to come together what a wonderful savior you are oh God yes Lord you are the center of my joy you are the center Lord God of everything that we do Lord God you are the center of our worship oh God the center of our praise oh father Lord God blessed be your name tonight Lord Jesus oh father we just thank you Lord God thank you father lord for our loved ones. Oh God, thank you for our children. Lord Father, oh God, we are not leaving anyone behind tonight. Lord Father God, every praise, every glory, every honor, Lord Father, we thank you, oh God, for our wives, oh Lord Jesus. The sisters are thanking you for their husband. We are claiming our home tonight. Oh God, we are claiming, oh father, this assembly under the talking tonight, Father, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, you father God, Lord, the high priest of our confession, we bless your name tonight. Oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh father God, we pray that Lord God, you will just come, come Lord, and bless us in a special way, Father, tonight, oh God, we pray, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father God we pray tonight just remembering all the prayer needs Lord we we honor pray oh God father that you will undertake for sister fatu oh God lord whatever father god that is taking place in her body from the crown of her head to the sword of her faith we pray to God for brother Max tonight Lord also oh god that lord father you would just bless our brother brother Jalad and his family texting in oh god lord that they can be with us tonight we commit them into your hands in the name of Jesus Jesus Christ. Oh father. Oh God. We pray oh God Lord for all the saints. Oh Lord God that are standing at their post of duty Lord. Father God lifting up their voices. Oh father Lord. Oh God Lord streaming into the service tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. You are the center of our joy. Oh father Lord we remember. Oh God precious Lord. Oh all the the request that was read tonight. Oh father God. Oh Lord father our sister. Oh God gone tonight. He our Lord Father Lord because of an affection or her cheek we rebuke the enemy tonight Lord little lucers we committ him into your hands oh father oh precious Lord God the name of the Lord is a mighty tower the righteous run to end they are saved oh God we are calling upon your name tonight Lord you said they that call upon the name of the Lord will be saved father oh we thank you Lord we thank you Jesus we thank you Lord You are the heart of all my contentment. Everything I long for, Father. Everything I hope for, Lord. Everything I pray for, Jesus, everything I desire. Oh God, what an awesome God you are. What a mighty God, Father. Lord, precious Lord, Father, it is good to have your servants with us tonight. Lord God, Father, Brother Samuel, Lord Jesus, and also Father God, Brother Jabus, Lord, passing through to God, Father. Lord God, we just pray that Lord Jesus Christ as you are the father they are footstep with us make them a blessing to us oh God father and oh God let us be the same to them tonight Lord Jesus we love you we praise you we glorify your holy name come oh God Lord Jesus and bless us now Father Lord oh sweet Jesus yes sweet Jesus you the heart of I content man and all I hope for. Oh sweet Jesus. Yes Lord. You are the center of my joy. Yes Lord. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's stand on our feet now. God bless your name. Thank you Lord Jesus. Lord I give you honor and we give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I bless your name. And I bless your name. Let's sing that one more time there. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Let's lift our hands up. Let's bless the name of the Lord. I bless your name. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. And I give you honor. Oh, I gave you praise. Lord, you are the life, the truth, the way. Bless your name. And I bless your name. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. to be praised. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I have a new home over in glory and it's mine. It's mine. It's mine. Let's sing that tonight. [Music] [Music] and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. [Music] Oh, I have a new home. Oh, open in glory. Oh, and it's my is my Yes, it's mine. Oh, I have a new home in glory and is mine. Is mine is mine. Oh, I have a new home over in glory. Oh, and is mine. Is mine. Is mine. Oh, I have a new one. Oh, over the glory. Glory and it's mine. Yes, he's mine. He's my glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I live, my birth is now. Oh, I be happy. I'm so much happies [Music] down. Oh, I feel happy. I'm so much happy. Oh, yes. Sing. Oh, yes. My Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah St. My is down. Glory glory. Oh hallelujah. Since I lay my burden down I got you. Oh, glory. And this mine, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I got a new home. Oh, in glory. Oh, and it's mine. Is mine. Yes, he's mine. Oh, glory. Glory. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh s my burden down my burden now. Glory glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Tal. Oh yes. My burden. Oh I feel so happy. Happy happy. So much happy. Oh s I my burden down. Happy happy and so much happy. Oh s. Oh yes my bird. One more time now. Oh happy so happy. Yes so much happy. Oh s my burden down. Oh happy. Oh I'm so happy since I glory glory now. Oh glory glory hallelujah. Oh s halle. all my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I [Music] praise the Lord. Amen. Are you feeling happy tonight? [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You ready for the word of God? Amen. Are you feeling? Do you have an appetite tonight? Praise the Lord. Amen. I hope you into the menu. [Music] Praise the Lord. But whatever you need, God got it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Whatever you need, God, he got it. I just whatever. God, whatever you need, God. Whatever you need, God's got it. He got it and he want to give it to you. Whatsoever you need, God got it. Whatsoever you need, my God got it. Oh, whatsoever you need, God. Oh, he got it and he wants to give it to you. You need the Holy Ghost. God. You need the Holy Ghost. God. Oh, yes. You need the Holy Ghost. Oh, God. Oh, yes. He got it and he want to get it to you. Oh, whatsoever you need, God. Got it. Whatsoever you need, God. Got it. Oh yes. Whatsoever you need, my God got it. Oh, he got it. Yes. And he want to give it to you. You need the Holy Ghost. Come on, brother Jus. God got it. You need the Holy Ghost. God got it. Oh yeah. You need the Holy Ghost. God got it. He got it. [Music] Oh, I forever [Music] [Music] Praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let us pray. Our dear heavenly father, we thank thee oh God for Thank you Lord. This privilege that you have given to us come together in your name. I invite you all to assemble ourself and to express our appreciation to you, your love, your care, protection and all the wonderful blessings you have bestow upon our lives. So father I want to say thank you. Thank you for today. Thank you for the activities of the week. We thank you for everything that you have done. Lord, your saints has worshiped you. The praises has gone up to you, Father. Lord, we pray that receive them as a sweet smelling server for thee. Yes, Lord. And I pray that you hide me behind the cross. Hide me under your blood. Anoint me to speak the mind of Christ to your church. Take me out of the way, Lord. circumcise my lips, circumcise my heart. Oh God, may I only say things that will edify your body. I pray the dear heavenly father, I speak as your oracle. Give me action and anoint your children. Give them auction to receive your word and bring down the Holy Spirit upon us. Heal the sick. Father, may your quickening power quicken your children. Father, let us leave here like the disciples on their way from Emmanos, saying that did not our heart burn within us. Yes. But yes, us. Yes. So, Father, we commit ourselves to your hand. Granted, Lord, we pray. Bless our servant brother, his wife, the family, the help and the government of the church. Bless them, Lord. And bless uh the worshippers and everyone that is here. We all receive from you. we ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Can you turn around and shake someone next to you? Tell him God bless you, my brother. It's good to see you in church. God bless my sister. Nice to see you in church. And so many wonderful things about Jesus. So many wonderful things about him. Amen. So we need joy. God got it. Whatever we need, God got it and he wants to give it to us. God bless. You may be seated. Uh it's good to be back to uh Minnesota and to be in fellowship um with the good shepherd church. I want to bring greetings on behalf of my wife and the family back home. The church uh they all send a warm greetings. So we are coming from Canada. So I was to come here with my wife and uh I told her that I'll be leaving here going to Florida before going back to New J. So my god she's so exhausted. She said I've been traveling traveling traveling. So please let me allow to go to New Jersey to rest. So but she send her greetings. S please greet uh his um uh host our host uh last time we came last year brother Dan s please greet him greet his wife a lovely family they've been so good to us we never forget them and I want to say God bless you brother Dan and the family for taking such a wonderful care of us so I said well I'm with everyone that we I have to send her uh to Jesus to let me be here and then move this my second leg before going to retire and go back home. So, God bless you. They all send their greetings. Shalom to every one of you. And what can I say about my old friend, Pastor Juan? Amen. Pastor one is our old friend way back home. It's wonderful. I think you forget his tampering today. Normally we pick that tampering and begin to worship. No one is a worshipper. So brother one thank you very much for the privilege given to me to come behind the sacred desk and to uh make a joyful sound to the sense over here. God richly bless you. Can we stand our feet? We will be reading um some couple of scriptures. We will read um Hebrews chapter 13. Sorry, Hebrews chapter 11. Um Hebrews 11, 1 Corinthians 15 and Thessalonians chapter 4, Hebrews 11:5, 1 Corinthians 15:51 and Thessonia 4. Hebrews 11 read of this wise. By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see dead and was not found because God has translated him before his translation. He had this testimony that he pleased God. 1 Corinthians 15 51 Paul is speaking here. He said, "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep for certain, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in a twinkle of an eye." at the last trump for the trump that shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise incorruptible and we shall be changed. How many believe that? And Thessalonians chapter 4, look at verse 15. This Paul is once speaking that for we say unto you by the word of the Lord that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout for the voice of the archangel and with the trump of God and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Amen. Then we which are alive remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air and so shall we ever be with the Lord. May the Lord bless the word in our heart in Jesus name. So I want to speak briefly tonight may be seated on the rapturing faith for rapture power. Rapturing faith for rapture power. Now Brown was speaking the message the invisible union of the bride and the bridegroom. So and that was his thanksgiving message. Amen. Uh a message that come behind uh marriage divorce. So he said it was his thanksgiving message to the bride god. He say I'm thank I am thankful to God to be living in this time of the closing scene of this world history right I don't know if I would have had a say so before the foundation of the world and God would have laid out the program before me and said to me I want you to preach and now what age do you desire to go to the end to preach to to preach. I will have choose this age. It's risen is for I think this is the golden age. Amen. So the age that we are living is not King Edward time. It's not the stone age. Amen. Not the age whereby people are what we say the analog age. Praise the Lord. Yes. So we have gone beyond that. So we are living in a golden age in a digital age in an astronaut age. Praise God. So you cannot expect the same situation of that time to be the same for today. Yes. Amen. Oh. So what a privileged age we're living in. He said I think this is the golden age. He said, "I said they would have loved to have been here during the time of his visit to the earth, but still I think this right now is greater time." Yes. Did you believe that? Yes. Amen. So, because it's a time that is coming to take the people that he has redeemed is redeemed near the resurrection when all the redeemed will come forth. Amen. Amen. So, what a glorious opportunity we have. Amen. to preach to a dying people a great time and we are so enthused about that. Amen. That we as dying men preaching to dying people. Praise God. Because we know that time is fading away. Amen. And time is blending into eternity. Yes. So he said and we know that the history is closing out. Amen. And the world history will soon be over. Then we are going to step into a new day. Amen. To a great millennium. So while the world is waiting for a funeral service and they're preparing for a funeral service. Amen. Come on now. Praise God. I'm call all these ones you are looking around. You see them in your mo in your school in your business place on your place of work. You call them co-workers and co- call them atomic fathers. Amen. He said just once they seeing that do I just there are people meant for a mass funeral. Amen. It said they will be used as a fertilizer of the earth and then the righteous will walk upon the eyes of the wicked. Amen. So what a golden time. It's a million age we're looking into now. A new day. Amen. The closing of time and the blending in of eternity. So that as one believer, I believe in a millennium. A millennium reign with Christ a thousand years upon the earth. What a glorious time. Amen. So, and that is why we are here tonight. We are on expectation for this time. Amen. So, we believe that there's going to be a rapture of the bride and that is the purpose why we are here. So, we're not here to play church or to form any organization. Amen. Or to make some race. Amen. Rat race. Amen. But we are here because we believe that there's going to be a rapture. Amen. Amen. Amen. Apostle Paul said that in first John chapter 4, he said that the trump of God shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Amen. He said at this last trump we shall be changed in a moment. Amen. Just in a twinkle of an eye that this mortal body Amen. shall put on immortality. Are we ready for that? Right. So the prophet so so so we are looking for this great coming event. That's what we are looking for this great coming event. Why the world is looking for a funeral service. I said amen. A mass burial. But we are looking for this coming event for it's a promise and we all know that that Paul in 1 Corinthians chapter 15 said behold I show you a mystery which shall not asleep. Yes. Amen. Amen. In other words, we all here shall not die. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. That is not our promise. Amen. Our promise is that we shall be changed. Come on now. Do you believe that? Do you believe that? We are waiting for that. We are watching for that. And we know that one day it shall come to pass like it did to Abraham, it will do it to us also. For we are the seeds of Abraham. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So Paul is said that we all shall be changed now. But he did not reveal the mystery of the translation. Paul did not do that. See, but Abraham revealed the mystery of the rapture to us. That's right. Amen. For he said, "Three things happen as the Lord descend out of heaven." Three things happened. He said a shout, the voice of the archangel, and the trump of God. And the Lord does three of them as he's descending. Amen. Oh, glory. Amen. You don't get that. So the rapture is not an accident. Are you getting me? It's not an accident, but it's something that uh involve a process, right? Are you getting me? For in the rapture say three things happen. That's right. A shout. Amen. A voice, a trump has to happen before Jesus appear. Did you see that? Yeah. So Jesus does all three of them as when he's descending. As he's coming down, he let out a shout. Are you getting me? Amen. A shout went up first. Then the second was the voice of the archangel as coming. He's coming down. At the last stage of his coming is the trump of God. Is that right? Praise the Lord. He shout. So what is a shout? It's a message going forth first. That's right. The living bread of life bringing forth the breath. Oh, I say thanks be to God. Thanks be to God. A shout a messenger getting the people ready. Did you see that? Yeah. Amen. Bring forth the bride. Get the bride ready. See? Amen. Then the second is the voice of the resurrection. Amen. The voice of the resurrection. They shout the same voice. Amen. That loud voice in St. John 11:38 that call Lazarus from the grave. I love that. Amen. Amen. That raised up Lazarus from the grave. Amen. What does it do? Getting the bride together and then the resurrection of the dead. Amen. Amen. You know when Jesus went down there uh in St. John there when he went to uh to the tomb of his friend Lazarus. Amen. And of course you understand you see when matter met Jesus he said Lord if if you have been here we know that our friend Lazarus won't die. Amen. Amen. Say but even now whatever you ask God to do we do it for you. Say even now. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And Jesus said I am the resurrection and the life. And that is the one you believe in. That's the one you are serving now. That's the one that living in your heart. The one that declared that I am the resurrection and life. Amen. Don't let Lazarus die sh so shall he live again. And it was so hard. It was a paradox to matter to say Lazarus shall live again. I know Lord I know that in the last day Lazarus shall live. Praise God. Amen. He say, "Oh, Mary, amen. Believe without this that he shall live again." Right? So, let us go and visit the tomb. You know, Mary could have been wondering what matter would have been wondering what is going on. I would have get out to the tomb. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And the Bible say and he wept. Amen. People say why didn't we? Amen. said but I said very well it doesn't work well for this guy that didn't even believe and he looked down and said well uh he said please um uh Mary mother take the stone off the tomb yes I want a fellowship I want a a fellowship because Lazarus has been sealed away from fellowship all this for four days and they put the Roman seal and seal up that tomb and close it that no way Lazarus can even come out to fellowship because he have been bound there with grave clothes. Talk about a circumstance that Lazarus have been kept in. Amen. Amen. Amen. An impossible situation for Lazarus to ever be in fellowship. And I think that is the way Satan does to sometimes to God's children to cut them out of fellowship. We seal them up there. Hallelujah. And if you look at the situation, you say it's impossible. But I'm telling you, it is possible. Your son will come back. Your wife will come back. Your husband will come back. I don't care. Whatever the devil has taken from you, I will resto say the Lord. Come on. Praise God. Amen. How can death stand before life and life and death standing face to face? Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. They take away the stone and Mary said mother say oh lord is stinkketh praise God that defining the circumstance that Lazarus is in say behold is stink sometime that is what the devil does too define the circumstance your husband in is in the circumstance of your wife the circumstance of your family your children amen and put them there amen in a very stinking situation and say behold stink it's not possible for them to be saved. Let me tell you the Bible said my hands are not shortened that I cannot save. My hands are not shortened that I cannot redeem. Hallelujah. You are dealing with the creator of the heavens and earth. Hallelujah. He made a sea. He made a mountain. He made the valley. Hallelujah. Praise God. Said take that stone off. I want to be in fellowship with him. Lose him. Amen. Praise God. He took away the stone. You can imagine a man that been bound with GL grave cloth and lie lay down on the tomb. Praise God. How can a man tied with grave clothes ever ever take a stand and stand up? Praise the Lord. How can he stand up? They're lying there. Praise the Lord. But yet the creator that made him. The resurrection, the voice of the archangel. He stood there to know that the voice of the archangel is not a man. It's a resurrection. Amen. The resurrection alive. He stood there and looked at the grave and he said Lazarus come forth a man that dead for four days. Hallelujah. And Abraham said Lazarus would have been in fellowship with Abraham telling testimony of about Jesus to them. But when Lazarus heard his voice, praise God, he said he has called me now. My friend has called me now. And Lazarus stood up. Hallelujah. The grave could hold him allowed to spoke for a stand at the at the mouth of the grave. That kind cave. Praise God. Hallelujah. And Abraham said if that if Jesus had not mentioned the name Lazarus, he said all the dead in that graveyard would have stood up. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And whether heard that voice is a familiar voice. Yes. Amen. Let me tell you, if you're not familiar with the voice of Jesus while you are here, you cannot hear that voice because it must be a familiar voice to you. Hallelujah. Do you get it, church? It was a familiar voice. Amen. Just came and stood there and Jesus said, "Lose him. Lose him. Take all those those grave cloths. Lose him and let him go." Praise God. Let him go because Jesus want him. And I say tonight, every circumstance, every power that has bound your life, every situation, I say lose him and let him go. Lose him and let him go. Lose her and let her go in the name of Jesus Christ. Be loose from that circumstance. Praise God. Amen. Oh my. The voice of the resurrection. Amen. And then we caught up. So he was saying in a spiritual food season. Now Abraham was saying here he said now is I want you to get built up now in this holy oracle of God. He said in this faith. Oh my. Amen. Amen. He said the faith of this hour. said the faith say it's going to take more faith than every other in other age any other age it will take more faith than Paul age right it will take more faith than age than Martin age than Luther age than western age in all that the pentecosta age amen it will take more faith even than Abraham age amen said that amen he said if I don't have enough faith like Enoch to be raptured I will not stand any other person way that can exercise that faith. Praise the Lord. Abraham went down to the grave. Amen. But it shall be raised up again. And he's depend on you. Oh yes. Amen. Said the God is depend on you. Yes. Amen. The church is depend on you. He said for you to come to perfection. Are you getting me? To come to maturity in order to bring the resurrection. So the resurrection depend on you pray. It depend on when you come to maturity. Hallelujah. And to be anointed with the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Oh, say we take more a more faith in this age for this has to be the rapturing faith to be taken up. Do you get that church? So in Israel, the church uh 1953 is not expensive. I believe I truly believe said before the church can have the rapture it got to have a rapturing faith. See the promise he said we can't even have faith for divine healing let alone rapturing faith. Amen. Amen. It got to have a faith that will change and quicken this motor this body and be taken away. I believe there's a church on it road tonight. Yes. Praise the Lord. See the promise. Come on now. is I believe there's a church on this road tonight. It has said a power of the living God. Yes. Amen. That men will speak the word here. Amen. And there not the pastor, not the preacher. Amen. Amen. But you the church, you will speak the word here and there. Amen. And it will flash like lightning. And the church is coming out. Not a psychology. And not some put on, not some put on or make believe, but a reen true genuine anointed Holy Ghost call. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Because God has displayed that before. That's right. Amen. It It's not It's not a new. It's something that he promised to the church. Jesus promised to the church and we have it in the Old Testament. Amen. It has been displayed before. Amen. You can imagine Elijah. You can imagine Elijah walked down before Ahab when he were tired of the sins of uh of Israel. Amen. And Jezebel has run over the country and uh form his Bible school and then send gave a scholarship to the young men and send them out to eval the nation and then they have run out this great scholarship and convert Israel from from Jehovah into idolatry. Do you see that? until Elijah say I'm the only one alone said oh they all kill all the prophet and God speak to Elijah no I have 700 time do you this church you can imagine the situation will make Elijah to say that I'm the only one left are you following amen praise God the man was so tired of the situation and then he walked down before Ahab Amen sayhab let me tell you said from this day amen there shall be no due yes There shall be no rain until I call for it according to my word. Now that was not trust the Lord. Amen. Because Elijah knew that Joshua has displayed this anointing before. Are you getting me church? Joshua have stood there before natural element. Hallelujah. When the sun was going down and Joshua said Belgian let's go for a prayer meeting. Let us fast. You never said that. Amen. Got time for fast and prayer. Just stood there. Look at the sun. I'm a son of God and I speak to you son like son stand still and moon angel and moon and son obey Joshua until finish the enemy. So if God could answer Joshua's voice, what about his own voice? Yes. Amen. Because the Bible said there were never a time that God answered the voice of a human being than that time of days of Joshua. So that otherwise God listen to his son. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Know what Elijah said, the hour has come. For the father to honor the son. Amen. So Elijah speak before Ahab. You know Ahab never took Elijah serious. Cuz if Elijah could have said according to the word of the Lord, Elijah could have Ahab could have said okay. Oh, why do you do that? Why do you say that? He could have reacted. But because he said according to my word, it must have looked at him. You you not serious. And Elijah took the key of binding that Jesus spoke of. Say whatoever you as a church shall bind on the earth. Say I Jesus will bind it in heaven. Say whatever you as a church loose on the earth, I Jesus will lose it in heaven. You see authority such authority that God has given to the church. Hallelujah. But the problem with the church is that the church has forgotten the power of binding. Amen. The key that God give to the church to bind and to lose. The church has forgotten that key. But Elijah took the key and he lock up the heavens and put the key in his pocket. And Elijah walked away. Amen. And Ahab thought it was a joke. Amen. But first year no rain. Second year no rain. and no due tell there no rain. You know Israel must have gone for prayers. They might be sick in the face of Jehovah. Lord give us rain. You can imagine God looking at Israel. They said rain? What happened to the rain? They said Lord you have wed the rain. But I said I wed rain. I never wed rain. I am not the one that locked the rain. The key is not with me. Look for Elijah. Yeah. Look for if you want to rain, look for Elijah. That is why Ahab was looking for Elijah. Do you see that? Amen. If they had not heard that Elijah hold the key, they even look for Elijah. Amen. Said let look for Elijah. He was a key. Amen. If we don't get Elijah, then we in trouble. Praise God. Hallelujah. Until Elijah, God spoke to Elijah, show yourself. Go and call them for a m camel shoulder to prove that yes you hold the key. Let's go to Mount camel. Amen. Because the bride will also have a mazion shoulder. Are you getting me church? Before we leave for the rapture, there will be a mazion shoulder. There be shoulder between the bride and the world council of churches. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. And he went, of course, you know the story how he called the fire down and and then he bring the fire down and consume the sacrifice, restore the altar. And then he went and to bring the rain. But before the rain could fall, he say guide up your lines. Amen. Stir up your charots. Charot run faster lest the rain be thee not. For I hear a sound of a branch of rain. Yes. Elijah must have got into the Sat and then take off a very high speed. Amen. Because the cloud is moving. I don't want to be caught up with the rain. Amen. And he go and find that that tarant. And when he get to the gate of Jeslal, a man he left in Mount camel. That man was waiting for him at the gate of J. Who is pastor? Who was pastor? God translated Elijah. That is how God will change you. That's how God will translate you. Hallelujah. The quickening power will quick you. Praise God. Hallelujah. And you will travel with it like a torch. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. Oh, this is not a psychology friends. Amen. So he said in a in a question and answer on the Holy Ghost. Amen. When he speak on this um when he said to this mountain be that move. Amen. So it then went on about sister at Wright and his two sons spoke what salvation all the spoken word of be display which used as example. It's an example seed son of God to us. So he will now say in paragraph 21 and we have got to have raptoring faith in the church that can be changed in a moment. in a twick of an eye to go out or we will not go. Amen. Then here he said but don't worry. Amen. But don't worry it will be there. See the promise. Say it will be there. Say when the power of this church rises it will bring the brethren. Is brethren? When the power of that church rises it will bring the bed. Amen. It will bring the brethren. The power of the church will bring the other barren. Then there will be a general resurrection. Do you see that church? The power must come first. Praise God. When the power of Jesus rises, it will bring the bed. It not separate the bed. It not divide the bed. Yes. Praise God. But the power will pull out. Amen. Hallelujah. For they will be one. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Oh my. Abraham said, he said, we're looking forward for it. Are you looking forward to it? Amen. So then he now bringing here it was time to tie this power. Amen. That will come upon the church to the thoughtpool. Amen. Of course you know Abraham thoughtp how he displayed the thoughtful power the super anointing and he demonstrated the spoken word five times. Amen. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Because all that God did in the prophet William is what he would do with the church. Right. Amen. Amen. Because his message is a complete restoration. Are you following? Paul spoke about that this day. He called it the day of the manifestation of the sons of God. When Christians will be delivered. Are you following? So they just wait for I've been waiting for that. This is the age that we're living in now. So and God amen. in his third pool. God have to display that super anointing. Are you following? They call it super anointing that came upon the prophet. Hallelujah. So, and uh and then he was showing the church the dynamic power of God, his creative power of God. Uh you know when it was a Colorado storm facing that Colorado storm and uh you know that storm was coming up, the bizard himself begin to run down like a sparrow. Praise God. Amen. Because power always avoid storms. I know running down coming down from the mountain and the voice stand up. Go back to that mountain. Eagle. You're an eagle. Eagle doesn't scare of storm. But the eagle face a storm. Say go back. Amen. He wanted to show show us. Amen. What an eagle will be what an eagle would will do. And then he climbed up and then he hear the voice and and the supernatural voice that was displayed say I am the Lord God who created all these things. I make the winds. I do this. I do that. I do that. Say now you speak to that storm. Not I speak. You speak to that storm. Speak to the storm. Is a storm go back and sunshine four days. And it happened that way. Are you getting me church? That was power over natural element. That what he displayed. Are you following church? And it happened also to when he himself needed of sque and he was meditating on the scripture on that Mark 11. And I said, "Well, how can a motor man speak to a mountain and a mountain will move?" He said, "You don't understand. How can a motor man do that?" And the boy spoke back, "Yes, man can do that." Amen. Say, "You can do that." So, don't you need you don't need squeh you speak to the speak and let the squir come forth. Yeah. Amen. Of course you know the story how the prophet spoke those quer I will shoot the eyeball and so forth and got those squirters. Amen. Under the spoke word creation. Amen. Are you following church? And he came back brought the squir in and sister cooked the squir for them to eat. Right. Amen. And then they enjoy this quir ministers and they all enjoyed it having a good time with this with this quir me that was created. Abraham begin to you know exalt them begin to share his testimony that the square they ate was h a creation what he create and the ministers were scratching their head what do you mean by that praise the lord but here was at right praise that poor lady amen was just sitting at the corner listening to the testimony of the prophet he spoke I said say said brail this is nothing but the truth I believe it that the Jehovah Gyra that give Abraham a lamb for a sacrifice we quit as we create as quitted and the super anointing came down glory then the eagle stand still hallelujah he said ask what you will amen I will give it to you and if I don't give to you amen let there a bill be written on my back a sign board and put as a false prophet say auntie say the ministers begin to cry said what is going on the atmosphere have been changed. Let me tell you one of these days your atmosphere will be changed. Your atmosphere will be changed. God is not looking at your condition. He never look at Sarah's condition because of his under Sarah condition. Sarah was wrinkled up with unbelief. Thank you Lord. Amen. Yeah. Brother speak about that. Are you following church? Yeah. Was wrinkle up with unbelief and so forth. Amen. was looking at all the caravans of new styles and new dress that have been passing through the mountain and going to Sodom. Amen. Amen. To to to be delivered to Mrs. Lot. And that was what Sarah was looking at. Sarah was brooding Abraham A children we don't have even the good days of life that we are supposed to be enjoying. Look, can you can you see a caravan? Can can you see the caravan? Look at the look at the the banner there. Mrs. Lord, he say he's going after Mrs. Lord. What have we done? What what have what have we achieved? Praise God. But have been hitting Abraham all the time. Abraham said, "We need of patience. Let us wait for they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall m up with wings as a shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Say come on April Sarah. Come on. Let us hold on to God. Say Sarah was so brood of Mrs. Lord investment until he missed the visitation of the angels. Mrs. Lord did not receive angelic visitation. Praise God. But three men came down. Amen. And they met Abraham. and and and the Elohim was speaking to Abraham and said, "Where is your wife Sarah?" Sarah was still behind the tent. Are you getting me church? Winkle with all kind of situation there. And then Elohim said, "I will visit you." I said, "Your wife shall have a son." And Sarah had it. My wife, your wife shall have a son. Just laugh in his in his in her sleeve. me in this condition in my situation e that I've been praying and seeking the face of God and nothing is changing in my life in this condition will I of a shorty e have a son will I have pleasure with my husband like the manner of young people what is what this man talking about praise the lord amen and god spoke to Abraham say why did your wife Sarah laugh. Why did Sarah laugh? Say, "Can I of a s have a son?" And Sarah, Amen, jumped out of the tent. And came out before Elohim. He said, "Ne, I never lie. I know I never laugh. I never laugh." Praise God. You can imagine Abraham look at his wife Sarah and look at Papa Elohim. He said, "Who is saying the truth?" If I said Sarah, but I know this is God, right? Hallelujah. And God can lie. Hallelujah. And if I say God, Amen. Sarah will say, "Oh, you mean you will esteem the words of a stranger, a visitor that you just see today, you will take keep serious. I want of all these years I've stayed with you in the marriage, you couldn't believe me. You you are taking a vicious word." Praise the Lord. Look at say Abraham was in a fix. Yes. Amen. Who will he stand with? God or his wife? Oh, I love my God. Look, God understand your situation. God understand your condition. Don't think that God doesn't understand what you are facing. You know, God understand you. And God is going to give it to you. He will bypass every unbelief. We bypass every situation and he will meet your heart desires. Amen. Praise God. Amen. He he he just take it from Abraham there. He said he said but is there anything too hard for the Lord? Amen. Are you getting me say is there anything too hard for the Lord? I will certainly return back to you. Oh praise God. So if God could bypass Sarah's condition and he will visit Sarah and give Sarah a body change. Amen. That same God will visit you. He will bypass all circumstance. will bypass all condition. He will come to you according to the time of life and you shall be changed. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. It's a promise. Because Abraham and Sarah was a type of you and I. He knows the day we are facing. Abraham said the power of sin is more harder to fight in this age than every other age. That's right. Even than the age of Jesus. That's what the prophet said. So but sin has come to his maturity and God know that Amen. when the enemy come like a flood he will rise and stand against him. Right. Amen. Amen. So he bring that thought pool to the prophet himself. You see that how sister asked for his sons two sons and and he said I give give you two sons and then those two boys were saved. Are you following church? Yes. Amen. That was a spoke word salvation. displayed that displayed that five times. Even spoke word healing for his wife. Are you getting me? Touch. Amen. Before the doctor hand touched my wife. Let that that tumor be gone and the thing disappear. Amen. I thought about it. Amen. I said if God can do that for the prophet, he can do that for us. A sister called me one time sister. He called me and said, "Pastor," I said, "What is that?" He said, "There's something I've been keeping from you, but it has gone off hand." I said, "What is that?" He said, "I have a lump growing in my breast." So, and I've been praying. I don't understand this lump developing. So, I have to go to see a doctor today. When I went there, the doctor said, "Well, it's cancer." you have to be operated on said but first you we will do a test and so forth and check before the operation will commence said pastor I don't have money how do I go for this operation when the money is not there said pastor I don't know what to do I said yes indeed you don't have money I said but do you have Jesus do you have Jesus if you don't have money do you have Jesus yes he said I have Jesus Jesus. I said fine. Jesus will do it without money, without price. Amen. He will do the operation without money, without price. He's not going to charge you for nothing. I said, do you believe in Jesus? Amen. He said, "Yes, I believe pastor, I believe." I said, "Okay, now let us pray." And we prayed. I committed to God hand. Amen. That the same God that take care of some murder, that same God will take care of her. So, and after speaking to her, encouraged her like that said, "Okay." So uh the day that she was to go and collect the result he called me said pastor I know the I know I'm going to collect the result today and then they will booking my give an appointment for the operation. I said I said what do I do? Do I still go there? I said yes. I said go I said we have prayed. Amen. Amen. We believe in God. Yes. We believe what go God can do. Yes. You said you don't have the money for the operation. Amen. Amen. But you have Jesus who can do it without charging you. Then you have to go. Amen. Amen. So she went down there to went to the hospital and they keep on waiting with other patients that were waiting. So she was waiting to for the doctor to call her. They took their all their cards, their books and so forth, their cards and so forth. Take it to the doctor. Doctor was in the consultation room. I was calling them one after the other. Calling the patients one after the other. So uh from that morning till about 400 p.m. she has not been called. So you have to measure to the nurse. The nurse oh every patient they're all gone. I'm the only one left here. Why have not been called? The nurse looked at her and said but they not been called. She said yes I've not been called. Nur okay let me go and see the doctor. Nurse went in say sir there's a patient out there that they not called yet. So she she's still waiting. And the look at her say look at him said no no no I've called all the car the cats are all I have called all the names and the they not said that but she still sitting there the doctor said but look at it these are the cats you give to me and I've called all their names so you ask her what is her name and the nurse went out and asked her said what is your name said well my name is Li then I went in said well doctor uh the patient say her name is Loi else the doctor said what I've called her long ago this morning I I called L this and I've examined her I just gone I I gave her a report I just gone with the report why you say that well lovely attend to her the went out and say miss it's lovely see the doctor said he has examined you this morning and he has given you your result they carries with with do and she said where result say I'm here look at my hands have no result with me I've been here this morning I've not been call and she went in I say ah doctor lovely is still outside and there's no result with with her I said she doesn't mean business invite her bring her in and then lovely came in said well where is the result where where is the result I gave to you where is the result I gave you the result where is it said well I'm not people seen you. I'm just seeing you now. You ask him about the result. He said, "No, I I invited you this morning and I examine you and I gave you the result." He said, "It's cancer." So, what are you saying? Say, "You did not give me any result." So, there was an argument. The doctor said, "Oh, no. Clear lie down." I make her to lie down on this pressure. And she lie down. Said, "Can you bring take off your bra? Let me exam you again." as they take up the appra there was no more tumor disappear [Applause] everything has gone praise God and the god ah he said I thought it was on this press he said yes he said let's see the other one look at it there's nothing ah don't say where where is it but I give you the result this morning that you having cancer he said I don't even myself when I was outside the tumor was But when I came here now, I couldn't find two more again. It had disappeared. Why? God sent down his adopan come down and representation by predestination to come down and take that sickness as it is written. I am the Lord that healed all thy diseases. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I said that same God is here. He's an awesome God. He's an awesome God. He will meet your needs and give you our heart desire. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. R they came out and he called me and said, "Pastor say it has happened." I said, "What has happened?" He said, "I have not seen this." He said, "Somebody came like me and into the into the into the doctor's office and so forth." He said, "And behold, he say the tumor has gone. Is nobody there again." I said yes sir. As I told you, I said you said that you don't have money but you have Jesus. Jesus will do that. I said Jesus will come there like your representation and take that thing off of you. Come on. You understand? Amen. He was wounded for transgression. He was bruised for iniquity. And the chastisement and peace was upon him. And by his stripes you were here. You were here. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, in looking away to Jesus was saying, I'm going to say something to you that I haven't said all along. Is it that is is it a thing that we have been looking forward to for so long at least for at least many years four or five years or maybe the thought pool it has been vindicated there's a prophet saying that and I'm sure you know what it is he's telling the church you know what it is amen yes he said now remember there will never be an impestation to that that's why I so felt sorry for ministers are trying to be like William Brier. Come on. Amen. They want to practice give like the prophet. Amen. Want to practice hirement. H which is a prophetic ministry of the son of man specifically to Elijah. Say he gave that that ministry. He showed that ministry to the Jews. Amen. They received that sign. And and the Samaritan received that sign. said but this last the gentile time amen is giving the gentile as the last sign. So if the prophecy is the last sign to the gentile where are these ministers coming from yes just b of impersonators to cause confusion over amen amen it's one man ministry that's right son of man ministry to fulfill St. Luke 17:10 right so Ram said well remember there will never be an impersonation to that the thoughtful cause it can't be it cannot amen I will take that secret to the grave amen say but now it's in existence amen I have I've been one of these amen that right at at this time now it just happened say it just happened so it could be it could identify his presence among us the third fold. Amen. See, say, but it will not be used in a great way until this council of church begin to tighten up. See the promise. Amen. And when it does, Amen. When it does, the Pentecosters can impersonate and so forth can imp almost impersonate anything that can be done. It's going on now. He said but when the time comes when the squeeze come down then you will see what you have seen temporarily it will be manifested in the fullness of his power. Say see see amen. Now the prophecy that well he said we have to slow down because he was going faster with that super anointing. You understand? And he has told us all what it's all about. He has talked about the first pool and the second pool discernment of the hand and the and of the I mean healing the sick and the touch and the thought putting open the word. Amen. Revealing the son of man all misses been revealed. Are you following? Yeah. He give us the mechanics of the world to wrapped ourel in. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why he said that we have been clothed with the garment of the promised one. Amen. Amen. Said that little faith woman. Amen. She waited. She waited patiently. Are you follow him? For his life to manifest that word. Amen. Hallelujah. Church. Say, so we've been waiting. The problem was going so fast. It's the frequency is so high. But they have to slow down because the bride must catch up. You understand? Amen. And the bride must put on the bride materials. The seven seal cometh. Amen. You get a church. Yes. The spread must enter into that to pool of Malachi 4. Must enter into the hidden mystery. Amen. And clothe himself with the word. Hallelujah. The bride must get into the mystery of the seven seal with the mist of the going away. So have to wait. Amen. Say just wait until the world council of church said rise up. You understand? And then you see in his own word that's why I have to take everything the prophet said to be to be serious right how can that man Elijah will not say what when that pope e will be brought out of United States praise the lord and can't do that cannot do that because America is a forceful country is the police of the earth. Are you getting me s is a lamb. But you see when the Bible said the lamb have two little horns. Those two horns, you have the civil horn also have the ecclesic horn on that same lamb, not another lamb. And that represent United State. Are you following church? So those two powers, those two those two horns must project out and the prophet spoke about that it will be taken out of America. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, praise God. Amen. Look, there are things that that that the prophet spoke that you know, you can't beat it. Yeah. Right. Amen. You can't beat it. When the prophet said that the the the second coming of Christ, the rapture will not take place, will not come until that the old maps of Europe, Amen, where the Roman rules say must come together. The east and the west bing wall broken say communism will be broken. We're back and we see it in our day that the east and west Germany came together and put the entire Europe map under Rome, right? Do you see that church? So, but you we can see it even in our own day that we are living today. Yeah. Right under our nose. Right. Praise God. Are you getting me church? Amen. He bring a Trump. Yeah. A president. Yeah. Even against their popular view. Yeah. That's right. I told my friend I said this man is coming to power. I said God is bringing him to power. I told him it's not because of my will, our own will. He said because he have a special duty. I say his first term, Amen. He bring forth Jerusalem and make him the capital of Israel against the United Nation. And when the UN make noise, are you getting me church? Amen. Made a noise. It told them that I'm take we are taking our funding from UN. We are taking all our money from your hands and silent the United Nation and he declared Israel as a I mean Jerusalem as a capital of Israel to fulfill Isaiah as are you getting me church because prophesy he said it shall come to pass I will make Jerusalem a burning stone for all nation and a trembling cup to all nation is is you you are not trembling in this Gaza war Israel listen no he said to be a trembling cup prophecy fulfilling to all nation and the bing stoners and all that b himself against them will be broken that's right he said that whether you are an Iranian you are you are you prince of pra whatever Gaza whatever you call it Lebanon whatever hamas or whatever it is he said all that burden themselves against it the Bible say shall be broken that's the scriptures that's right Yeah. Praise God. I said this man fulfilled prophecy. I said this man God is bringing him amen in again. Say because he has something to do with Israel as a nation. Because in Israel, amen, is our calendar. Is God's own calendar. Say when you see whatever God is doing with Israel, then you wash out. The same frequency is going with the bride. Amen. Right now the bride is accumulating destructive power to pull down the council of churches. Hallelujah. First a faith is coming the bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. A rapturing faith. The bride fear nothing. You get church. Yes. I can see it. It take a Trump to come me to stand behind Israel and then give them the bomb. I send them more ammunition. Deal with all these devils and so forth. Are you getting I guess that look you can see what is going on right now because the Bible say America we speak like the dragon right before the beast you said that that's right why is shaking the world shaking Europe is shaking under America today with a trade war are you follow him and get them back to being to produce more ammunition to be make arm budget arm race now shaking is trembling, Africa is trembling, Europe is trem trembling, the whole world is trembling. Under the previous government, they see that America was a mess. Was so humiliated even among the Arab world. But look at it now. The whole Arab world nations are shaking. Every leg is trembling like this. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Because America is now speaking like the dragon shaking the whole world. There have never been a time in history of America that it has been like this. Oh, praise God. Do you get a church? So you see the two horns. You see God have raised a civil horn. Are you getting me church? Amen. A civil horn. Now if you see it, Abraham said, "Watch New York." You see, there's something about New York. You see, watch. We find out that the world political power, the headquarter, God called the United Nation is in New York. Consecrated. The world financial power, economic power. Amen. Amen. That control the finance of the world is in New York. the World Trade Center, the stock market and so forth. Do you see that? And and the world religious power, amen, that control the leaders of the whole world. What they call the world council of churches, his headquarter in New York. Oh wow. And these are the three arm that rule the whole world. Amen. Amen. Is concentrated in one nation. It was not shared, not distributed. Only one nation owns everything. Amen. Amen. The political power of the world, they hit this their seat is in America. Amen. The economic power of the world, the seat is in America. The heart of it. Amen. And the religious power of the world, the seat is in America, let nation, I mean the workers of churches. And the prophet told us that the leader of this work of churches is the wind. Did you say that? That's right. Amen. And he said is a romalic church. He said don't fear the barbon cutting. Don't fear the iron cutting but fear the popular cutting. That's right. Say fight romanism. You understand? But but you can see what happened to her and what happened? Why must it be at this time that the pope will pass away and then they will bring the new pope from the United State. Before now there was a debate coming out from Rome and saying it's impossible that said no no they can't allow pope from America. Amen. But of course you know before the pope came you see what what is put on online how the president want to become the pope dress like the pope and even suggest it say well you know the pope can they can make him the pope. Yeah. He put a he put on his his 20 20 handle. He never take it down. Are you put a church? You understand? But he has sent a message to Rome. Are you getting me church? He has sent a message because America must speak like the dragon before the beast. Say a message went for Rome and Rome have to do his election quickly and pick up the pope from America, United States. Not just America but United, state of America and put him there. Today we see the two horns. Amen. The civil on and the classical on these two power has now concentrated now not in Rome but right in our America the two power. Do you think that the pope will do anything against United State his first citizenship that is swore allegiance to you making mistake? Praise God. Now you can see what is doing what is going on right now. The power that is in the United States right now. So and then the pride where are we at? Where are we at? Are you getting me church? Oh praise the Lord. Oh, people think that all this u uh what do you call uh they call it uh presidential what what do they call it that he normally sign executive order amen the s the most executive order and not listen to anybody not not ruled by constitution executive order executive order, executive order, and it's shaking the nature with what? Executive order. So, do you think that if let all the churches close down, executive order, it will not close? Praise God. Don't America pass a budget, the big big bill. Do they pass it? That's right. To fund to fund ICE to deport all the immigrant Don't they pass a big bill? All the big all the big bills and so forth. So he said look these things are not look is the hand of God because the Bible say God rules in the affairs of man. He controls. Look everything worked out. Amen. According to God's own plan. There's nothing out of Ca. There's no mistake about it. God is working out something. And the bride the church is the power that is shaking this hour. A church is right up on their feet. There's a power coming up in a church. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. True. He tell the church rise up because because I have yet the night see. He said that well he said we take a hour of crisis. Amen. To shake this bride said the great portion of faith. Amen. Always come at the hour of crisis. Amen. Amen. You understand church? So that is why the faith that light do in the bride will be sparked up like that like fire the dynamic will strike it. Hallelujah. Oh praise be to God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Abraham said you have never seen power yet. He said I know it for a fight for a fact. It's a power coming into the church that they will speak the word like that. You anoint the people they will speak and it will flash like lightning. Amen. That is thus said the Lord. It cannot fail, brother. It cannot fail. Oh, Abraham said, "Amen. The what you see I manifest temporarily will be manifested in the fullness of his power." Yes. And I said, "See, see see." So, and everyone knows that for as certainly as the first was identified, so the second being identified. Uh, amen. And if you think real closely, you are spiritual. As the Bible said, yet to him the heart wisdom, the thought is properly identified. See, we know where it is. So the thought pool is here. Did he say that? Yes. He said, but it's so sacred that I mustn't say nothing much about it. say as I as they told me in the beginning he said this say nothing of it. So you see remember that years ago I it will speak for itself no impersonation. Amen. The third pole is not mathematics. No it not say oh bra what is your answer? Oh sister what's how do you get it? Not look it's a sweeping of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. Brother come down the Holy Ghost upon the church. Amen. Say it. It will sweep over overnight from place to place. Hallelujah. There will be a change take place. Amen. All of a sudden you'll be changed in the moment in the to and you be to travel with a thought like a thought. It's and then you will see the dead in Christ. Do you get it, church? Right. Because the power will shake them that engrave. That's right. Oh, praise God. Oh, it's so sacred. Amen. If it will speak for itself. You see, I've tried to explain. Amen. Others and I made mistake. But this will be the thing that to my opinion. Amen. I don't say the Lord tell me this. He said, but this will be a thing that will start the rapturing faith. Did you get that for the going away? the third pole, the super anointing, that will be the thing that will start the rapturing faith. That's right. It's tightening. And then when that time comes and the press come to a place to where you are pressed out is that right? Yes. Now watch what I'm fixing to tell you in a few minutes. So watch the thought put down. See it will be absolutely to the total lost but it will be for the bride and the church. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Then he said here now let me say this thing something too. Say this is uniting time. See the church is uniting nations uniting unit 19th time of God and is bride too. And I say this with reverence. Amen. With respect. I believe the bride is being called. Believe that. Amen. You believe he's been called out. Amen. I believe he's sealed in the kingdom of God. Do you believe that? That the bride has been sealed with a seven seal message. Amen. I believe the mechanics are there. The preachers have been preaching it. But what have I been preaching the mechanics here? I've been pouring it in and in there. Say they are waiting for the dynamics that will take her off the earth into glory in the rapture. I believe with all my heart. Do you believe it with all your heart? Yes, sir. We don't know how he's going to do it, but he shall do it. He is a dynamics. I will become members of the machine, his own body, forming ourself in his what? In his image, and then seeing him uniting himself with us in his in his works, with his love gifts. Amen. love gifts as he handed them to us just before the wedding supper and we are waiting and watching for that there big churches amen is being united the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. When the Holy Spirit came down on day of Pentecost. Amen. But they have to have an art for conference where the press came down with the alpha church. Amen. When the press came down and they assembled them, I love that because what happened in the the first art book of art will happen again in this church. Amen. Amen. When the press came down upon them and they took them up there and uh they locked them up. Amen. And the Bible said, "And they warned them not never to pollute this this this city with the name Jesus." And they flocked them very much. Amen. And release them go. Be let go. They went to their own company. And then they have an art for conference. Yes. When they prayed and when they prayed, even the pillars of the temple were shaken. Amen. Are you getting me church? Bible said, "Then come the Holy Spirit and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost." You understand? Amen. Another refill of the Holy Ghost and shook the building and Peter said, "Behold, they are threatened. They are threatened." Say, "Stretch forth thy hands." Amen. In the name of your holy child, Jesus, and that signs and wonder be wrought. Amen. Amen. And he shook that place. Hallelujah. Had they arrested Peter and lock him up, jail him. Amen. They forget their first experience when they jailed them. Amen. Amen. Amen. And they said to go and bring them out. But going to the prison, they couldn't find them. That the men whom the jail Amen has all disappeared. Amen. Amen. And the gates man and the keepers of the gate were there still waiting. And the jails were all locked. But for the people, they don't see them. Amen. The quickening power did it for them that day. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And here we are believing the original word. Original seed. Yes. Amen. The same signs, same wonders, is promised to this church. Hallelujah. Nothing will touch you because you are living in a golden age. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And they were not even tired. They still want to go and take Peter think that he's the head of the church is the pastor. Oh, we get out of the pastor. We we finished the ministry. Amen. went up to the pastor and then took him up and locked him up in the jail and prepared to to slaughter him to kill him. Praise God. Amen. And Peter was there h sitting down. His legs were stocked up and hand was stocked up and the soldiers were standing around. I said as for this man, his son is finished. Tomorrow will be his death sentence. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Yes. I know Peter in the midst of such trials, Peter was sleeping. Do you see that? Peter was sleeping. Praise the Lord. Oh my God. You look You know what? When God determined to do something, nothing stopped him. Are you getting me church? Even Jesus own church leaded. Amen. After he's dead, he discipled there. Yeah. was clear and his friend and they went about they were just going and discussing about themselves said bro we have make reinvestment all this our investment just wasted wasted like that just because we are following Jesus we suppose he should be won't laugh you know give us rapturing faith and then take us from the earth don't understand why is going on the kingdom should be restored to Israel amen and there Jesus came praise God hallelujah and they withto their side hallelujah and they said what are you talking what are you saying and what what kind of a conversation are you people having here? Yes sir. And you are sad. Amen. God doesn't want the church to be sad. That's right. God want the church to be happy. It is not his intention to make you sad. No. Oh Lord. That's right. Sir you are sad. That's right. And I look at him are you a stranger in Are you a stranger? Are you a stranger in Minnesota? Don't you understand what have been going on? Eh you just came to America you don't understand the whole thing is going on this coming to tell me that asking me that uh what happened what what is going on maybe if you don't know let me explain to you now that this Jesus a man innocent man Jesus we suppose that he's the one that have redeemed Israel and restore the kingdom back to Israel h and behold these wicked men have taken and killed him crucified the prince of life H and you ask us we are sad what why can't we be sad it's a wrong investment praise the lord and Jesus said you fool are slowing as low in heart to believe these things amen and he begin to expand the scriptures bring them to the world to take amnesia from their mind remind them the promises tell them what they have in store and when Jesus begin to expand to them and they move until they until when they get down to the city eh man they couldn't uh they don't even know when when they get there but I like their courtesy Christian cesy right amen the way they were taught by Jesus how to treat their strangers and how to he said I said please it's getting late just let us go to the house and let us Bible say he he acted as if he was that was his resurrection ministry amen acted as if he wants to move away amen but this bed I said brother just just cover let us get inside I'm enjoying this fellowship you know it's not about the word of God when a believer is hearing the word of God no it make you feel cold make her feel cold hallelujah let them just get inside and Jesus end get poded against his will as if it's not his will it is the will of Jesus to get in but the more do something and I'm saying tonight get started and God will do the rest you get started Whatever you need, whatever you desire, just get started. I say my God will do the rest. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. There was Jesus went in and sat down. They brought him food and let us eat something. We have been hungry since we have been working since talking. We are exhausted. So, let us eat something. And Jesus has a way of breaking his bread. And disciple know the way he break the bread because they are familiar with the message. Amen. Amen. As he took the bread, as he just hold it a certain way, they were washing himself. How is he holding this bread like our master? And as he break it, they said, "This is the way he he break the bread." B and their eyes were open and they knew him and it vanished out of their side. Praise God. And they went with fire back to Jerusalem. Amen. Those backs leading went back again with a message. Take the king message along. Hallelujah. Amen. Was Peter say say John what are you doing? Said well I don't have anything to do again now. Say you know our sheep we have lost our sheep and you know we left our fish and left our business and follow Jesus. So said bro we can't just sit like this. Eh man must work. Eh we must eat. Not every time. Church, church, church, church. Let us go to church. Wednesday church, Friday church, Sunday church. Eh, won't we eat food? Eh said better, let us go and let us go and do something. Let us go and go back to our business. And John said, well, do you still have hook or do you have net? He said, ah, you know, now we used to have a customer that normally sell for us on credit. We can go there and get those net there. Then we go back to our profession. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Right. And they go go and get a net and get get the boat and went into went into fish. Amen. When Mary have said he has risen. Are you getting me? That is the third pool resurrection ministry. Amen. And what yeah go and fish and the Bible say they fish all night long fishing and they caught nothing. These were people that couldn't wash with Jesus in Gethsemane for an hour. You say, "Can't you wash? Can't you watch and pray for an hour?" They were sleeping. It come back again. They were still sleeping. You you not sleeping. But these same people that couldn't couldn't wash with Jesus for an hour. They were out in the sea fishing all night long. All night long Lord not sleeping because man must work. I must eat because the bees are coming. We're going to pay the bill. So must walk. We pay the bill. Are you getting me? They forget that. Well, Jesus has answered that question before. Yes. And told them that you go and told Peter, you now go to the sea and then you catch fish and pay our bills. Praise the Lord. They think that Jesus can't pay the bills again. Let us go and do it. And they now went in and then walk all night long and there was nothing in the court. Nothing. And in the morning Jesus come came down and stand stand there by the sea shop. I said children and they said who call us children? We do look like children an adult man. I call us children. They look at him. He thought it was a customer that come to buy some fishes. He said let me tell you we do that. They said have you hear me? He said there's nothing. If you come for fish you can't get fish now. There's nothing. I'm looking at we are looking for fish to to to take home. I'm talking about uh you want to buy fish and Jesus said cast the net to the right side. Just cast that net to the right hand side. That was Christ directed service. Amen. Are you getting me church? Right. They went on fishing without Christ directed service. But the hour has come that the church must take Christ directed service. St. John 5:19. The son dwelt nothing except what the father show him. Amen. The same harmony between Jesus and and and the father. We exist between Christ and the bride. That's right. Amen. They had they have the secret. Here is the secret. The word is in the bride. She has the mind of Christ and she know what to do with that word. Amen. And she could do nothing except to say the Lord. Amen. You get a touch. Unless the Lord, they keep still. Nothing can make them do otherwise. Say nothing can harm that hammer. Not even death can hammer. What a promise. Yes. So not even death can harm you. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. Christ directed the service through the net. And Peter said, "Well, I remember one time there was Jesus that said to throw the net that time and when I threw it, I doubted and when I do it, my net break. But this net is a borrowed net. If it break, I don't I can pay. I won't I won't tap this time. I went after this time. And Peter threw the nets. And when he threw the net, he grabbed it back. There was massive fishes right that we pulled out. And John the eagle looked at him. Praise God. He said, "Peter, he's the Lord." And Peter was naked. He jumped into the water. He's the Lord. He's the Lord. And I said, "Tonight you are screaming, it is the Lord. It is the Lord. It will do it for you. He will do it for your son. He will do it for your wife. He will do it for your children. You will say, "It is the Lord. It is the Lord." Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. It's the Lord's doing and is marvelous in our eyes. So, test and see that the Lord is good and his mercy endureth forever. Praise God. Oh, my Peter jumped into the water. And when they came down, here was Jesus fish and bread on the fire. Amen. He did not use any of their fishes. He never used their bread. They met Jesus with fish already. Amen. And they met him having bread ready and he said come and die. But say the third P is come and die. Say come and die. Oh church, you are coming to die. Amen. And the hour has come that you are coming to die. You prepare to die. Jesus have his table spread. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say come and die. Bread and wine. Food is ready. Hallelujah. Say come and die. Praise God. Divine healing is the children prayer. Amen. Amen. Miracle and sign is a children ride. It's our redemptive ride. Signs and wonder is our redemptive ride. Look, you have to look, you have to take a boat step sometime because sometime the devil will offend you. And when the devil offend you, don't just cow down. Praise the Lord. Come on now. Don't just cow down and say, "Well, that's the way the Lord want it. All things work together for good." It's the will of God. Which will of God? Eh, which will of God? When the Bible say give you all things to richly enjoy. Eh, enjoy good health. Eh, enjoy financial finances. Enjoy everything. He keep all things blessed with all all spiritual blessings. I said that's how God want it. Not how God want it. You can't take no for an answer. Praise God. Amen. Amen. When when when the enemy strike my church with a with some bar devils. Amen. For over 6 years. This one we marry, sister will get married and no baby, no fruit of the womb. And I want get married, no fruit of the womb. I want get married, no fruit of the womb. And they keep on multiplying. And I keep on telling him, I discuss with my wife. Pastor I don't understand what is happening in my church. The devils are invaded the church. The Amorites have taken over the Amorites. Eh they have invaded the church. So do we just look them like this? Said bro let us pray. We keep on praying. Keep on praying and they keep on multiplying because you know unbelief is contagious. Yes. Are you getting me? They like making combat. And brother if you give the devil an is it won't stop there. It will take a land. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. It will come as a squatter. It keep on going like that. Fourth, fifth, sixth. I say, "Ah, there's something wrong." I told my wife, I said, "Look, h I will not take this again. This year, this demon must end in this or this year. No, no, it can't. You can't you can't go. If I can't have enough faith to overcome this demon, then how how will I talk about rapture? The devil just come he has come to he has he he has invaded his ground. So we had the all night we praying and we were praying and so forth. After the all night at the end of the all night I came in I said now I'm coming to bless this church. As a saint of God the devil has inveilled this church for the past six years and we have multiple of sisters getting married and without having babies and doctor keep on say they don't even know what is wrong with them. So, uh, it's a devil. Yes, it's a devil. Don't mind what the doctor call it. It's a devil. I said, "So, now I'm the pastor of this church. I will claim my ground. I'm taking this ground now. This ground, I'm going to possess it." Amen. I'm going to possess his ground. I said all of you sisters who are married in this church without having babies, come out. All of you should come out. So, today we are going to put an end to it. Amen. This church look this thing will not cross over this year, this new year. This is stopping. I'm going to stop it. Amen. I'll put an end to it. Amen. You come over. Amen. Because the Bible say we shall possess the gate of our enemy. Amen. Possess the gate of the enemy. Make footprint. Make footprint. Amen. Make footprint. Hallelujah. That is how I got my church. I don't have money. I got I make footprint over the land and I take it over and I said Lord nobody will buy this land and this land belong to me I'm taking over the land. Amen. And you provide for me and God did it and I take over the land. Praise the Lord. Amen. And the brother himself let me selling his his shop business environment premises selling it out. So he's in trouble. Said pastor I don't know what to do. I said you know what we do? I said you just walk around the business environment. walk over to speak to the ground. I take you over this premises is my own. I'm taking it over. I take it over in the name of Jesus. Amen. I said take it over. Yeah. Whatever amount they call, you will buy it. You will take it over. The pastor don't have any money with me. I only willing 1 million. I said forget about that 1 million. I said God Bible say he ruled in the affairs of men. God will command men and they will give it to you. you will buy that place. Amen. I told him I said Bible said and kings shall bear thee up in their shoulder. I said king shall bear you. Amen. And I said Bible said and you shall inherit the riches of the Gentiles. That is a promise also too. And you will stand on that promise and you have it. The brother possess that land. Amen. Amen. So I said sisters I want to stop in this. I want a stop. They came over 30 decister six of them anoint them in the name of Jesus Christ and they get them anointed. I said sister when did you get when was your wedding? Say it was September. I said by September this year I don't want to see you walk into this my church walking like this with your hand back. I said don't walk into this church this way. I said let me tell you as I'm talking to you now from this day the next I will see you be walking like this do you understand me say yes sir I said I go praise the Lord don't don't walk don't walk it like this I said what about you sister when did you get when did you do your wedding he said it was around June I said around June I said okay now stop walking into this church with your back in your hand and what your your movement must change. I must see you walking like this. And I declare for six of them I said all six of you I want to see your movement change because there must be a difference in your life. Amen. I said must be a difference in your marriage. I said whatever power that has make you bar. I said today I break that yoke in the name of Jesus Christ. Say go and then you conceive. I said next year I'm coming to dedicate your babies. Praise the Lord. And I declare to be so I leave them. Then that was last two years. I begin to see them. One of them begin to walk like this. I said yes. Number one. I said I said sister have you seen her now? Say yes. Have you seen her? Okay. You better change your walk. They all begin to walk like this. That's okay. Until six of them begin to work like this. I said when I'm coming from America from one church, I'm going to dedicate all their babies. And last year I came back from the US, I dedicated all their babies, six of them. Praise God. We kick that bar out of the church. And I say in the name of Jesus, whatever be your need tonight, I say receive it in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Whatever be your challenges, I say receive it. Receive your blessings. Receive it. Take your crown. Take your crown. Take your crown. Claim it in the name of Jesus. Say I receive it. I receive it and I claim it. Whatever it is, what whatever challenge you have, whatever it is, claim it now. You are not living here the same in the name of Jesus Christ. Whatever challenge, I said today it is over. The battle is over. You are taking over. You are taking your crown. You are taking your crown in the name of Jesus Christ. Almighty God, our everlasting father, I bring your children to your hand now. I don't care what Peter did, whatever the situation, whatever challenge they're facing spiritually, physically, materially. Father, in the name of Jesus, I speak to them now. I speak to them now to possess their kids, possess their inheritance, take it over. Why is a natural thing today, it is yours. You are getting over it in the name of Jesus. Whatever is a spiritual blessing, healing, deliverance, whatever it is, I speak now in the name of Jesus Christ. Receive it. Peter says, "Sive and God have I known the s that I have. I give to you in the name of Jesus Christ. I say receive your heart desire. Receive your heart desire. Receive your heart desire. I know you have been praying. You have been seeking the face of God. But today is your day. Angels are here to give you your desire of your heartful for a purpose. Tonight is a special service. Tonight is your night. Tonight is the night of your blessing. Is the day that you are going home. And you can never be the same. Oh, praise God. He's here now. The spirit of God is here now. He's here now. He's here now. Thank you, Lord. Right now I want you to lay hands upon your brother, upon your sister. Lay your hands upon someone there. Let me pray. I want to pray for you right now. As you lay your hand on your neighbors, rapturing faith, rapture power. That hands is not your hand. That hand represent the hand of our Lord Jesus Christ. Those hands represent the hands of our Lord and there's nothing too hard for God to do. I don't care whatever it is. Whatever be the circumstance that are burden your heart. Abraham said God want you to be happy. God doesn't want you to be worried. So anything that is worrying you, disturbing your mind, that is an enemy. So now I'm going to speak to that thing right now. The God of Elijah, the God of William, that God is here to meet your needs and to set the captive free. His angels are here to give you a handful for a purpose. He has commanded his angels to give you a special blessing. As his hands are laid, the Bible, and they shall lay hands on the sick, shall recover. Shall lay hands upon one another. And God will meet you. We meet you. We meet you. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Speak that need. Speak that need. Speak it out. Oh yes. That's it. He's a God that answers prayer. Please softly softly. [Music] Dear Lord Jesus, your children have laid hands upon one another now and they lay hands as representative of the faith. This faith that is once delivered to the saints. Lord, these hands are not their hands. They just a symbol. These hands represent your hands. And you know the need of these children of yours. You know the things that bother their heart. You know the very thing that they needing from you. Lord, you know what they have been praying for. You know what they are seeking the heart of God for. Oh God of Elijah. Lord I bring them now. This your dear children. I bring them to you by faith in the shed blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. The one who died at Calvary. The one who said come unto me ye that labor in heaven lean and I will give you rest. Lord the one who gave the promise that whatever you ask the father in my name I will do it. That's what you said. So father you promise to do that. So dear God right now I'm asking the father in your name that whatever be the desire of this your children whatever be their need now father in the name of Jesus Christ give it to them father I pray thee father that they will never leave them the same that each of them that come here oh god with a need lord Jesus they are not going up the same again father they are going back with a testimony of a true weakness that yes indeed you are alive forever more. So I pray father God that the Holy Spirit will just move in oh God and begin to unfold himself and begin to magnify himself and begin to give them the desire of their heart. Oh Lord I pray that they will come back and share their testimony. Yes indeed is a miracle. Yes, you are the miracle working God. So I pray father God that the Holy Spirit will take oh God this voice of mine oh Lord and go straight right into their heart. I pray an anointed faith in them. Lord, I bring those things, oh God, into material, oh God, let it matter, Father, that they will be careful to give you all the praise, the thanks, and the appreciation. This I commit to your hand, oh God. Grant it, heavenly father, I pray in Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen and amen with thanksgiving. Let's raise our hand and say, "Thank you, Jesus." Thank you, Lord. Say, "Lord, I receive it, Lord. Lord, I receive it." Thank you, Lord Jesus. Come on. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] our pass. Holy, [Music] holy, [Music] holy. [Music] All things [Music] I believe and Lord I receive. I receive. All things are possible. [Music] Now I receive. Oh Lord, I believe. I believe. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible and all I see. Father, we just thank you tonight. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Lord, bless your servant. Bless your servant. Thank you, Father, for ordering his steps our way to God. Father, we kind oursel a blessed people, precious Lord, to be able to receive your blessings tonight. What a word, Lord God. Father, what an encouragement, Lord, what a message for the Wednesday night. Oh God, stir our faith, Lord Jesus. whatever we have to face tomorrow. Oh God, Father, oh Lord Jesus, may Oh God, Father, Lord, God thy quickening power of faith raised in the hearts of your children, Lord, counting you that you are able that you are able, Father, Lord Jesus, to meet us at our every need. We thank you. Take us home safe safely tonight. Bless the night, bless the day tomorrow. Until we meet here on Sunday morning, let the love of Jesus, the the the the presence of the angel of the Lord go with us now, Father, in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wonderful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord bless you. Let us sing this chorus and we be dismissed tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The cloud of glory is moving. Move with the cloud. Let's sing that tonight as we be this tonight. [Music] The power of glory is [Music] Oh, the power is moving [Music] all [Music] the way with the cloud. to stay with us. [Music] Come let us move unto him as we follow the way he lead us to life we shall receive the cloud. Let your spirit arise and your strength be renewed. Oh come and let us move on together as we follow we shall receive the cloud. Oh yes. [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] god. All glory is good. Oh, let your spirit arise in your strength. Come and let us walk together. As we follow the way he lead us, you shall receive. Oh, it oh let your spirit arise and your strength be. Oh come and let us go until the end. Oh, as we follow the way he lead us through the light we shall receive. Let's move in with the cloud. [Music] The cloud. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
