################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-05 - 01-05-2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - The Kingdom Suffered Violence - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-05
Title:   01-05-2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Kingdom Suffered Violence
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnOkQHTKbbQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] dare you. Hey [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Just want to greet you all in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We just um uh raise up and sing this song. If they can project that song for us, pass me now gentle [Music] savior pass me. Oh [Music] gentle my humble cry. [Music] A [Music] war you the master. [Music] Oh save your [Music] savior. Oh [Music] saveior my heart. Oh cry. And why all others are now I call now passing by. Let's sing that verse again. We sing save. Oh, save. Yeah. Yeah. My home cry. [Music] And why all of us are [Music] calling to thy [Music] pass. Let's sing the next verse now. Now on this break here, let me the throne of mercy. Yes, we really needed yet conra Sure. Oh, might all be savior. Savior. Oh yes. Saveior. Oh save. [Music] And yeah, my heart cry. And why don't mothers stop my calling? Jesus do not pass me by. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's going to be in the house of the Lord this morning. and we bring greetings to each and every one of you. We will open the service this morning while we read from Psalm chapter 136. Psalm 136. Praise the Lord. We're just going to have a kind of a prayer meeting service this morning. And uh since we have many of our saints that are not well, but we will we will open the service here and then uh we will go to the Lord in prayer as we want to remember all those that are not able to be with us this morning. Psalm chapter [Music] 136. Psalm chapter 136. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord for he is good and his mercy endureth forever. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord. Uh, give thanks unto the God of gods, for his mercy endureth forever. Oh, give thanks to the Lord of laws, for his mercy endureth forever. To him who alone does great wonders, for his mercy endureth forever. To him thereby wisdom made the heavens, for his mercy endureth forever. To him that stretched out the earth above the waters, for his mercy endureth forever. To him that made great light, for his mercy endureth forever. The sun to rule by day, for his mercy endureth forever. The moon and the stars to rule by night, for his mercy endureth forever. We can go on and on uh just uh thanking God for his mercy endureth forever. Let's sing that chorus. His grace and mercy has brought me through. Let's uh worship the Lord this morning as we uh go right uh into beginning our worship, our songs. [Music] Your grace and mercy has brought me true. I'm leaving all because of you. And I want to thank you and to praise you and your grace and your mercy has brought me. Oh yes, we sing your grace and your mercy has brought me through. I'm living this moment all because of you. And I want to thank you and to praise you too for your grace and your mercy has gone. Oh halleluah. We sing your grace and your mercy has brought me and I'm living this morning all because of you. And I want to thank you and to praise you. Oh yes. Your grace and your mercy has brought me. Oh hallelujah. Your grace and your mercy has brought me true. Oh, I'm living this moment all because of you. And I I want to thank you and to praise you too. Oh, for your grace and your mercy has brought me. One more time now. Oh yes. Your grace and your mercy has brought me. Oh Jesus, I'm living this morning. It's all because of you. And I want you to thank you, to praise you, Lord, for your grace and your mercy, [Music] Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord. Thank you, Lord. It's your grace, your grace and mercy, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Your grace and your mercy, Lord, has brought me true. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have uh uh just like we said uh uh after the the service uh Tuesday night even before the service few of the saints being under the weather with uh uh this uh severe cold that is going around. So many are not in service today because they just want to stay away uh uh because they are not feeling well. Some are but their loved ones are not feeling well. And u um sister Karen celebrated 80th birth an uh birthday. So we want to thank the Lord for her. I spoke to she and brother Wesley yesterday. They are doing okay. And uh uh also I think sister Ruth had her birthday. Uh this the is the January folks. So every January birthday person we say happy birthday to you all. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh uh uh little Olivia is now feeling well. Sister now also is is recovering. I spoke to her by text. She's feeling much better. And uh sister Peter talked to her this morning also. Brother Lawrence u u uh is now feeling well. He he took something for the cold and it kind of a broke blazer on his I mean blister on his body. So uh we want to remember him too and our friend brother Sam and his family are now with us this morning because he himself he's not well. He texting this morning and then just with uh many many that are not well this morning. So let's just bow our heads and uh go to the Lord in prayer this morning as we just want to thank the Lord for uh the first uh Sunday service of the year. We were here the uh Tuesday night to tell God thank you for the year last year and here we are this morning again here to say thank you because his grace and his mercy has uh brought us through. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Let's lift our voices to the Lord and and just pray as we just remember these ones that are not feeling well. We commit the service this morning in the hands of the Lord that the Lord will just come and uh and be our our portion. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you, Almighty God. We bless your name this morning, Lord. Thank you, Father, that Lord God, we have the opportunity to come into into your house this morning, Lord, to be able to bring praise to you, to bring worship to you, Father. We want to thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, God. Father, Lord, for the year gone by, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus. You sought us through. You fought our battles. You stood on our side, Lord. Here is Father God, Lord. And uh we uh we are here Lord Jesus. Oh God to thank you father again Lord Jesus for another year. And oh God father as we just want to begin this time with you in the house of the Lord Jesus. We pray father Lord God that your grace now will come oh God and just come and bless us Lord. Come oh father Lord and uh be with your children father God. We thank you for giving sister Carol Lord God an 80th birthday father. We pray father god that you will perfect her health. Oh father father god. Lord she told me yesterday she feeling much better and much confident in her health now. We pray father for brother wesling also your grace will be with them lord jesus. Father god we also want to pray lord father god for uh dear brother uh oneandis lord Jesus returning back from Japan and oh god father also upon the news of his mom going to be with the lord. We just pray that your grace, oh father, will be with he and his wife, Lord, as they mourn their mothers together. Oh God, we pray precious Lord Jesus, you will just, Father God, the many names, Lord, that we mention this morning of those that are not feeling well, Lord Jesus, we commit them all into your hands, oh Father God. Lord Jesus, we just pray, precious Lord, asking that your grace, oh Father God, would just touch the body of the saints, oh Father, Lord God. Oh yes Lord Jesus, we just love you. We appreciate you, oh father God. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes oh God. We just want to pray. Just come, oh father, Lord God, and bless the service this morning. Help me, Lord, as I as I lead the people in worship, oh God, Father, and an exitation this morning, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord God, we can be able to come to give thanks, Lord, Father, and praise to you, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Father, Lord God, as we said on Tuesday night, come what may. May you give us grace that we can be able to stand on your promises to be able to face Lord whatever this year have to offer us. So Lord G. Oh we thank you precious Lord. We thank you father Gad. We worship your name Lord. Thank you Jesus. We can sing this morning. Lord I'm a child of the king. Oh, for I who was wretched. I'm so glad I can see. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flow through my ve and I was richer can sing praise God. Praise God. I'm a child. Oh, let's sing that one more time now. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His blood your blood flow through my name and I was stretched and thou can see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of you. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. You know, when whenever I'm leading songs, you don't know what to expect. He brought me out. I'm so glad that the Lord has brought me out. If it had not been for Jesus, we can sing there this morning. Amen. If it had not been for Jesus, where would I have been? I'm so glad that the Lord has brought me out. Amen. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me. Oh, I'm so glad that we are. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out if they had been for Jesus. Where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. And I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord Oh, I just worship the Lord now. [Music] Oh, I've been singing since the Lord coming out. I've been shouting since the Lord call me out. I live for Jesus. Where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me high. I've been singing since the Lord. Oh yeah. I've been singing since the Lord. If it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been singing since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh yeah. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If it had nothing for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me high. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If they had nothing for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been praising since the Lord brought me out. Thank you, Lord. I can praise him. Praise the Lord from the high Jesus. Where would I be? I've been praising since the Lord brought me. I'm so glad. One more time. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If they had nothing for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me [Music] out. Hallelujah. Are you glad that the Lord brought you out? Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Let's express it to the Lord that we are glad that the Lord brought us out. Amen. We are looking to a future and that future is uh the city where the lamb is the light. Let's sing that. Amen. [Music] There's a country far beyond the staring sky. Oh, there's a city where there never come a li and by in the city where the land is the light. Oh, in the city where the land is the light. the city where they come and hold my I have on my should and we're free from ghost and still I am where the valley is. Oh in the city in the city where the lion is [Music] the city where I come and go. I have a mash over again. When I'm free from those pill, I am going where the lamb is. Yeah, we have our days. Yeah, we have our days of sunshine for we know that the sun will shine upon us now so bright. We'll be changing cloud and rain until we go. Oh yeah. to the city where the land is the light. In the city where the land is the light the city where I have my sh when I'm free from ghost and still I am going where the is oh in the city in the city where the is the oh the city where they come and go right. I have a show. When I'm free from Jose's death, I am going where the light is and the flower rose and the flower go forever in the day shall be one day without a night and the tears shall be forever. In the city where the land is alive. Oh, in the city where the land is alive. Oh, the city where they come and I have my should. And we're free from still. I am where the land. I say in the city in the city where the light is the light. Oh the city where they go by my should and we're free from ghost. I'm going where the lamb is. Yeah we have our disappointment. Yeah, we have our place when the and from this home meet with dead cry by night and morning break. In the city where the lamb is alive. Oh yeah. In the city where the land is alive. a city where they come and hold my heart. I have a passion and we're free from Jose. I am going where the land. Oh yeah. In the city. In the city where the land is the light. Oh the city where the Lord. my heart of my should and we're free from closing. I am glory when the land is alive. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I also spoke with Sister Mary this morning. I forgot to place her name on that list. She too she's not feeling well. So we will just keep each and every one of them in prayer. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We love you all this morning. We love you all this morning. This is there's an old song in this [Music] book. Oh our Lord is coming back to earth again. [Music] I hope uh I hope it's in there that uh we can sing it [Music] together. Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan will be bound a thousand years. We have no tempted after Jesus shall come back to earth again. Oh, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan will be bound a thousand years. We have no den today after Jesus shall come back to earth again. Oh, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan broken bound. A thousand years we have tempted them after Jesus shall come back together again. Well, we don't have that. We don't have it in our song list down there or they can't find it. But that song just being on my mind these days. Amen. Because you see that is the only future that we have is the coming of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Everything around us is uh is filling and that's the reason why we are here this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this uh chorus uh uh that we uh uh normally sing and uh it's a very familiar one. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Dan. That's our guest. We try to greet them before we speak to you this morning. Amen. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his house with praise. Let's just sing that this morning. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I will enter. I will enter his I will enter. I will sing the day that the Lord God has made. I will rejoice for he has made me mine. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his heart. Oh, I will sing. This is the day. Now the Lord God has made. I will rejoice for he has made. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me [Music] glad. He has made me [Music] glad. He has made me glad. I'm so glad. I will rejoice. For he has made Oh, he has made me glad. [Music] my soul. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has enter one more time. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his heart with praise and I will say this is the day that the Lord God has made. I will rejoice for he has made Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. [Music] He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for He has made Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad and I am so glad I will rejoice for he has made me glal. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I almost pou that song just now. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I think uh the the deacons want to take the morning offering and ties. So we will sing a song here while the they do that. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Spring up well. Let's sing that one. that chorus. There's a river [Music] of this [Music] a praise set the captive free. Yes, the river of life pouring out from spring up my soul. Spring up and make me whole. Spring of hell and give to me. Oh yes, I found. Oh, a river of life and glory out of me. He makes the li to walk and the blind to see. He open praising set the couch free of life. Oh yes. Bring up your well with me my soul. Bring up a well and make me walk. Bring up the well and give to [Applause] me I found out well with me my soul. Bring up the well and make me. Oh yes. You can't give to [Music] me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that chorus. Holy, holy are you, Lord. [Music] [Music] They add us an angel [Music] [Music] Let's sing it to him now. We sing holy, holy, holy are you [Music] Lord. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you. [Music] All the everending [Music] angels every day worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, let's just worship you now. We lift a hand. We sing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Thank you Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. I never send angels by their redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, we say holy, holy, holy are you Lord. I want to hear your voice. Let's sing it to him. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. The heavens and angels bow. Every day we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. While the musicians play softly, let's sing. I want to sing it one more time. We sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. The heavens and angels bow every day. We worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh Jesus, you are holy. You are holy are you Lord. Oh holy. Holy. Holy are you [Music] Lord. Oh the heavens and angels bow. Every day we worship you now. We sing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] [Music] Yes Lord, you are holy. Father, you are holy, Lord. You are righteous in your ways, oh God. Now father you will allow mortal men sinners to come into your presence. Oh father thou a holy God. How can we reconcile [Music] that? How can we reconcile a God that is holy and full of righteousness? A God that do not condone sin. But yet father Lord you will allow mortals failure sinous men Lord to come into your presence is because you make a ramsson Lord you took our [Music] place. You be you became us, Lord, that we might become you. And you b us to come, oh [Music] father. You are a holy God, father. We want to thank you, Lord. We want to appreciate you, Lord. take it from our hearts this [Music] morning as a praise offering to you. [Music] Father angels [Music] bow redeemed. We worship you now. We sing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] Father, we just appreciate you. Thank you for giving us, Lord, this another time of service as we just wanted to use this time, Lord, to appreciate you, Father, for the first Sunday of the year, the first Sunday service, Lord. Even though the enemy tried, Father of God, to to pull your people down, deflect them, Lord Jesus. But Lord, Father, we are not giving up. We're not giving in, Lord. And uh we are lifting our hands to you. Lifting our hearts to say thank you, Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord, for this assembly. Thank you Lord God Father Lord for our deacon brothers Lord the trustees. Thank you, precious Lord. Father God, for all our workers, the musicians, the technicians, and Father God, the people that do genitory service around the building, in the building, we want to thank you, Father, Lord, for every family that is identified, oh God, with this assembly, Lord, that is putting their shoulders to the wheels that come support the church with their presence, oh God. Father, we just want to thank you. We thank you, precious Lord. Your grace Lord has brought us through another year father Lord a year we begining a new year with you. We just want to ask so Lord we want to re we want to dedicate ourself for more service Lord. Father, help us, Lord Jesus. Give us the grace, oh God, Father. Lord God, that Lord Jesus will be able, Lord God, to put our shoulder to the wheels and push the kingdom of God from this little corner, Lord, Father, of the street, from this little assembly, oh God. Father, Lord, we want more dedication, Lord, we want more consecration, Lord. Father, we want a closer walk with you, precious Lord. Oh father God, Lord Jesus, Lord, just like the apostle said, oh father, Lord God, we want to put away every besetting sins. Oh father, Lord, and the sin that easily, Lord, Father God, been holding us down, been been pulling us down, Father, we want to just pull everything down before you this morning. We pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, Father God, just bless your children, Lord. Bless your children, Father. Even the ones that are home streaming into the service Lord this morning. Father God you know how their heart long to be with us. How oh God father they would rather be here Lord God all than to be at home. But father Lord Jesus health circumstances or father some other circumstances is keeping them home. We pray that you bless them. Father Lord again bless sister Carol Lord, Father G, Sister Ruth and all those oh God that having an early early year birthday we commit them into your hands. You will bless them father uh uh prayer one is coming of soon and all the January birthday uh people we just ask your blessings to be upon them. Oh father we love you. We thank you. What an awesome God. What a wonderful father you are. Blessed be your name Jesus. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. Father, make us one. Let's sing that chorus. Father, make us [Music] one. That's our dedication song. We use that to dedicate [Music] ourself. Let it be. ify the [Music] Lord that this word may know that you sent your son Father the name one. Let's sing it together now. Oh father the big go. Oh yes father make us one. And the world may know that you say your song, Father, make us one. One more time now. Oh, Father, make us one. Thank you, Lord. Father, make us strong. Oh yeah. That the world may know that you sent your son by the name of Lord. [Music] Dear Lord, that was your prayer for us in St. John chapter 17. We say it back to you, Lord, that the world may know, Father, that you came and you died. You paid the price, Lord, to set us free, oh God, to break habits in our life, to change our life. Free us from the life of sin, every perversion, every deception, every lies. That's where you came, Father, Lord. And that's what we asking, Father. Make us one, Lord. Father God, not by nationality, Lord Jesus. Not by the color of our skin, Lord. Father, but make us one, Lord, with your word. Make us one with your word, oh father, oh God, that we can we can identify, we can see ourself in the mirror of your [Music] word. Oh, just come and bless us now, Father. Lord, that the world may know that there is a raising Christ among us. that the world may know there's a people that stand for truth, that stand for righteousness, that stand for decency. Father, we not perfect, but we believing in a God that is perfect. We believe in a God that can save, a God that can heal, a God that can change our lives. We just want to thank you now. [Music] [Music] Even our little ones that are going back to school, we just want to ask your blessings, Lord Father, to be upon them, oh God. Lord Jesus, you see all the evils that are out there, Lord. the enemy as a rolling lion. If there is ever a time, oh God, Father, he has pray his wept all over the place. We just pray keep them Lord just like you watch over little Moses when he was placed on the river night with alligators. Oh God, Father, the angel of the Lord was there to watch over him. Watch over our little ones. So Father, Lord, let something of the service grab their attention. God, we just love you. We appreciate you, Father God. You know our needs, each and every one of us. You know what we are trusting you for? You know what we are looking for or we well Lord Jesus in our heart we are saying is this the year? Is this going to be the year? Father, whatever is that special desire? Whatever Lord is that cry of our heart, we look to you father, thou the author and the finisher of our faith. We place ourself in your hands now and say, "Sweet Jesus, what a wonderful father you are. What a wonderful father you are. We'll be reading from your word now. We want to ask the blessings upon you too. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you once again. We want to say happy new year to each and every one of you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's just read the word of God and then uh you can have your seat. I still have the list of our visitors here. We will we will greet them shortly and uh praise the Lord. Matthew chapter 11. Matthew chapter 11. God bless you. How are you? Good. Good. Good to see you. Happy New Year. Uh Matthew chapter 11. Let's read from verse one again. And it came to pass when Jesus has made end of combining his 12 disciples, he departed hands and uh to teach and to preach in their cities. Now when John had heard in the praising the work of Christ, he sent two of his disciples and said unto them, and said unto him, Two of John disciples, saying to Jesus, "Art thou he there should come, or do we look for another?" Jesus answered and said unto them, "Go and show John again those things which ye do and see. The blind receive their sight. The lame walk. The leper I cleanse. The deaf hear. The dead are raised up. The poor have the gospel preached to them. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's the New Testament church. Those are the things that is expected to happen in the New Testament church. The blind receive their sight. Amen. The lame walk. The leper are cleans. And uh uh just like leprosy was afflicting we have a lot of that uh today in another senses is the same way the way leprosy was major in that time that's how cancer is major in our time. Amen. and uh uh the leprosy I cleanse the death uh year the dead that raise up the poor have the gospel preached to them and blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat and uh just stay right there. We will we will continue our reading. And uh again we greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. We have uh a few of uh our friends neighbors visiting. I think uh there's a brother Maxwell, God bless you. You are welcome. You are welcome. And uh I think this should be your sister love Davis. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Josh Josh Young. Oh, that's the young man back there. That's the young man back there. Is that uh Sid Bumble? Okay. Okay. This name sound very very very very very familiar to me. I used to have a young man in uh in uh in our church back home that share the same last name. And uh so it's good to have uh uh you visiting with us and good to have each and every one of you back. Good to see you Beverine. And uh uh praise the Lord. What can we say? This is the first Sunday. What should I say? Happy new year. Praise the Lord. Have I said that? Amen. Amen. Oh, it's so good to be in the house of the Lord. But I know many many wanted to be here and uh we just pray that the Lord uh like we announced uh the communion service tonight has been cancelled uh just because of uh uh we want to give give ourselves some rest and then we will reschedu there to to be coming back. I think uh brother Manuel too how is he feeling this morning? Much better. Okay. Okay. U praise the Lord. Uh uh but uh I had this uh uh that I wanted to uh have read to you maybe uh uh this evening at communion service but I will I will start uh but that uh I will use that to open our service this morning that from the message communion uh we will like to use that and uh and just uh uh encourage oursel before we go into what we want to talk about this morning. Right from the message communion, we want to read this to you. Ma'am, there is one thing that I did want to say just before we start that I believe that we have seen enough in our day that we live in. Amen. This is a day and age of plenty. It's called the information age with uh the artificial intelligence that have also added to the lot of information. Uh uh we have seen a lot. I'm I'm thinking here that brother Brandham is talking about a whole lot that has happened around the ministry and what the Lord has done. But I'm I'm using that to also say that we have seen a lot. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have seen men that have started well and uh and and I mean they are no longer serving the Lord. We have seen churches that have folded. We have seen families that were doing very well and uh that is that is crumbling under pressure. We have seen a lot. We have seen a lot of school shootings. We have seen a lot of police arrests. We have seen a lot. Whichever way you want to look at it, there is a whole lot. And we have also seen a lot of things that the Lord has done for us. Amen. I was I was right there in the office and I remember that I really I had really never uh I have really never read this uh sister testimony that's brother Mark Wilson daughter uh she had an illness that she really did not know what it was but uh uh I think it was an effect from uh the co vaccine that she took and uh and and I mean she was just having a horrible reaction. It was affecting her health in every way and I think uh uh with some of you that were in the service uh she came with her dad and wanted to be prayed for. So uh I would just I would just run through where she sent this. I I think I sent it out to many of you. I want to testify that ever since I was prayed for and visited the church there and uh the good service and the message that we heard that Sunday, I have been feeling tremendously better in my overall health. God is working miracle in my life. the the afflection I suffer as a result of having had co so many times over the last four years I feel they are losing their grip on me every day I wake up I feel better I praise God for the changes happening in me my health is improving and I feel like I'm starting to see the light at the end of the dark turner where I almost reached my despair. I want to say thank you for your prayers. Amen. That's to the church. Thank you for your prayers. God is a true healer. My faith is knowing that he heals me. Amen. So, we have seen a whole lot. We have seen a whole lot on every side. Praise the Lord. And I think in your own life, you have seen the whole lot. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we just we just want to we want to thank the Lord and as we as we continue to read that um I want to say this before we start that I believe that we have seen enough in our days that we live in that we ought to really give every all of our being to God. We should really serve God. Praise the Lord. Amen. If we have seen a whole lot and we can testify that the Lord has done a whole lot for us, then we should really serve God. Praise the Lord. Amen. I believe that he has blessed us with the direct answer to scripture. Amen. And we uh also can look around and see that the way that the human mind is leaving people. We can't say too much longer. we did be in a complete insane institution the whole world would be praise the lord. I mean there is just so much pressure so much pressure that is making people to just flee. The mind which of course is is the is part of the human spirit is the human spirit uh is one of the most fragile part of the human body. Praise the lord. You see the position of the soul is either faith or or doubt. If the person is a believer is a child of God, faith is dwelling in their soul. If the person is not a child of God, they are just filled with doubt and just negative things. That's all that is that is influencing them from the inside. But you see that place of the spirit, that place of the spirit man is so fragile, is so fragile that whether you realize it or not or believe it or not, there are things that has affected our spirit since we were little children that that we are still bothered with. when that spirit man is affected. You know it used to be word when you when you talk about a person commit suicide people would just think I mean how can a person take their own life but you see researchers and science have studied that so much that they have come to realize and that's the reason why it's all described as a mental problem because something has to go wrong in the human spirit for a man to take their own life. Nobody take their own life in their right mind. Praise the Lord. Something went wrong that overwhelmed that person that they just lost control. Are we together now? So I guess that's what he's addressing here when he says when we look around and see how the human mind is leaving people you know it's it's all the pressure of the age and the things that are happening and I mean and people are just they are just reaching out to different things. Some are reaching out for substances and some are reaching out I mean looking for some kind of a satisfaction but realizing that God has done a whole lot for us. Praise the Lord. He has blessed us. We must really serve him. Praise the Lord. We must really self him. You know, the Bible says that uh uh I was I was looking at that uh during the week here and I was just thinking about it uh that uh Peter said in the book of Peter that baptism shows a good conscience towards God. And I was just thinking about that how the church you know has brought a lot of entertainment and has taken baptism out of you know out of the church have taken Christian water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ when the Bible says it's a beginning of good conscience towards God. It means that a person have sat down because the Bible says you must repent and be baptized. A person has sat down and consider their ways realizing that God has been good to them. They have gained a sense of good conscience that they want to walk with the Lord. Praise the Lord. But all all that is all that is taken from the church. We just come, we put our names on the book or sometimes we just associate, we just join. But may God give us grace. Amen. We realize that in the midst of everything, God still has a people that are that are that are hungering and testing for righteousness. This morning, we want to continue with our subject. that we've been speaking about and uh I want to I want to go this route this morning. The kingdom suffereth violence. So let's go back to Mark chapter 11. I mean St. Luke chapter I mean Matthew chapter 11. I broke the reading there. Matthew chapter 11. Praise the Lord. Matthew chapter 11. Now we read and we stop on verse six. The Bible will says that uh Jesus has just answered John disciples. John was imprisoning and uh two of his disciples came to ask Jesus. John send them go and ask him is he the Messiah and or should we look for another one? Jesus answered, "Go and tell John this. The blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the leopard is cleansed, the deaf uh year the dead are raised up. The gospel is preached to the poor. And blessed is he whosoever is not offended in me. And the Bible says, "And as they departed, Jesus begins to say unto the multitude concerning John, what went ye out into the wilderness to see?" The re shaking with wind, what went ye out to see? A man clothed uh in soft ramen. They that wear soft ramen are in king's houses. But what went ye out? for to see a prophet. Yeah, I said unto you, and more than the prophet, for this is he of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, we shall prepare the way before thee. Verily I say unto you, among them that are born of women, there have not raising a greater than John the Baptist. Now withstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. Amen. And from the days of of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence and violent taketh it by force. For all the prophets and all the Lord prophesied until John. Now that was where our focus was. We were trying to look at this statement closely that Jesus made when he said the kingdom suffereth violence and violent take it by force. Now we realize that I was reading some commentary during the week and I was seeing how many many commentators are the one that somehow put this kind of a notion into the uh religious word and they are looking at it from the place that uh you know uh uh the man that has come to the kingdom you know you have to apply some kind of uh uh uh uh exercise or you know uh uh faith is going to make you bored. you know, and but uh uh it's it kind of a surprises me because when you look in uh a uh Isaiah chapter 53, let's read Isaiah chapter 53. The Bible will speak about uh the Messiah. The Bible will speak about our Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. The Bible will speak about our Lord Jesus. I would just take one verse there that is verse nine. The Bible would says, "And he made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth." Now this is the king of the kingdom. This is the man uh upon whom because you cannot have a kingdom without having one reigning on the throne. Amen. When the Bible speaks about the kingdom of God or the Bible speaks about the kingdom of heaven, there there is there is a ruling king and that ruling king is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And here is Isaiah talking about our Lord when he shall come into his earthly ministry that there will be no violence. Praise the Lord. There will be no violence. You know, you think about this and then you also think about Jesus there in h uh St. John chapter 2. The Bible says he came down into the into the the the temple and all of these men they were carrying on some kind of a program selling dove, you know, just like our churches would do today. Selling, raving, raising money and all of that. And the Bible say Jesus came down into the temple because of how humble he was. When his disciples saw him turning the money changers table over and taking a wet and whipping the people out of the temple and he says this is my father house. This house is a house of prayer. The Bible said the disciple were so so amazed that he that he will be that he would take such an action instead of you know just hey hey let let's stop this you know that please let's please please stop this let's go outside quietly while we selling here why are we doing this he never did that I mean uh I believe that he used his feet and kicked the table over took the whip and started whipping the people over he says don't you know that this house must be the house of prayer and when you read read the book of uh uh St. John chapter 2. The Bible says the Holy Spirit brought back to the minds of the disciple what David said in the psalm that the zeal of the house have eaten me up. Praise the Lord. Now, so it gave us an idea that when a man is honored, the anointing when there is a zeal, the zeal of the Lord is upon the man. You can think about Jhold in in the book of Kings. Praise the Lord. When Jod will go down to the house of those uh of those prophets of Ba, you have to remember now that Elijah anointed Joo. Elijah anointed Aheser. Elijah anointed Elasher. Praise the Lord. When he was coming from out of the mountain and all of these men that were anointed, they all had a work to do. Just like Isaiah said, is the anointing that breaks the yoke. Praise the Lord. Amen. We can never do anything for God until he anoint us to do it. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Many have tried to do things and sometimes we end up doing it in the flesh and then we get frustrated. Praise the Lord. But when you go under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, even if people don't receive you, you are still going to lift your hand and rejoice because you know you did not send yourself there. God send you there. Praise the Lord. The Bible says, "So Elijah anointed this man and uh and and and when Ju came from under the anointing, he got on the on a on a on a cherub and then he started running exactly to uh um um the house of Belter where the the the priests of Ba, they were all gathered to worship. And one of the seven of uh uh uh Ahab saw him coming on the cherub and says that man on the cherub looks like uh uh uh Ju. I wonder how is he running like that you know and when he came over he told the people he says well you know today I really never worship God like the way I'm going to worship God today. He said what we going to do I mean this this worship of Baal we're going to carry it to another level. I only want dedicated people. I only want people that really believe in Ba. I don't want anybody that believe in Jehovah. I want sincere bow worshippers. Praise the Lord. He says, is there is there any unbeliever here? If you are unbeliever, please get outside. Praise the Lord. Now, he was on an anointing. Amen. Elijah has just anointed him and honor that anointing he asked the people to lock the door. He says all of these people here are people that really believe in bar. All the other guys they are just hypocrite. They believe in Jehovah. They must get out. And when all the Jehovah worshippers got out, praise the Lord. I don't even know what they were doing down there, but uh you know that's that's that's the way it is. Uh three kinds of believers. Ju took a swamp and he divided it to the man that were keeping the door post and he said, "Let not one soul leave this place." Why? Because God has anointed him to kill the prophets of Ba and all the worshippers of Ba. That was the anointing that was on him. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh he says if you allow one man to leave, you will give your life for that man. And the Bible says that day he slaughter all the worshippers of B. Now you will realize that the I mean to be able to come against a religious organization like that that was supported by the king, you have to have an anointing. You have to be sent by God. Praise the Lord. Amen. because uh uh uh uh his work was to was to deal with the prophets of God and also to throw Jezebel through the window because Elijah has just prophesied that the blood the dogs is going to to lick her blood. So I'm just trying to show that uh you see it has to be the anointing is the anointing that does the work. So when Jesus cleaned the temple that day by whipping those people out, it was not violence. It was an anointing. It's it's is different than violence. Praise the Lord. In the mind of uh uh uh a kind of person they will say wow the man is violent. Amen. I'll tell you something as I as I'm as I'm talking this I think about uh Peter Katarak. You remember the guy in the message uh uh greater battle ever fought that went to have a revival and the guy was you know there was there was a guy in the city you know he was always obstructing every religious movement he told Peter he says if you have your revival here you have to beat me he was putting up the revival sign the guy says come down If you have a revival here, you will have to beat me. He say, "Is that the only thing?" Well, I'm coming. Put up his sign. Praise the Lord. I mean, he has a tremendous tremendous testimony. I just I just bought one of his uh uh autobiography. And uh uh he came down from the ladder and the Bible says he got the guy you know when I mean he gave that guy the beating of his life. He he whipped the guy and you know brother Benham says he said if if I must win I must fight. Increase my courage Lord. That's why he was giving the guy punches. If I must win, I And when he's finished, that guy got saved that night. And that particular guy became the pastor of that church from that revival. Is that violence? No, it's not violence. It's not violence. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because if you go try to do it and you are not anointed to do it, they will beat the devil out of you. Praise the Lord. And you see the difference. Look at the sons of Cifas that went out to go and cast out demon. And the demon said, "Paul, we know, Jesus, we know." And the Bible says the evil spirit whipped them, tore their clothes, and they ran into the street naked. Why? Because they were not anointed to do it. Praise the Lord. They were not anointed to do it. Oh, I'm laughing because there's a funny story of Peter Katarat having a prayer meeting. He went to a Methodist preacher house. He was a Meod preacher in a way. We went to a Methodist preacher house uh to have a prayer meeting and uh and and uh and this preacher wife was was just obstructing the you know she was just uh making noise and so he said let me let me just preach. Amen. Let me preach right. I would just uh my mind would just go on like this. Praise the Lord. He told the woman, he said, "If you were my wife, I whip you and put you out." She says, she says, "Over my dead body." So he had he had her by the hands and just swing her around like this and threw her out. She went running around the house. She got saved that night. She received the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. Amen. God has different men. You know, you'll read about Smith Wigaw the way he prayed for people. He was not an easy prayer. you know he was not a kind of lightaded preacher you know he's he had a different approach in a way that uh he was anointed to pray so God had different men praise the lord now so we we trying to talk about the anointing yet amen we talking about the kingdom Isaiah speaks about Jesus and said you know uh uh there will be no violence in him, there will be no deceit. And here Jesus is saying that since the date of John the Baptist, the kingdom suffereth violence. The kingdom suffereth violence. And that's what I want to pay attention to this uh this afternoon. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now let's let's read a scripture here. It will give us a setting for what we we what we want to look into. Matthew chapter 21. Matthew chapter 21. Those were the days where men kept their face between their knees until they hear from God before they move. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's not the days where men try to preach uh you know to make a living out of it. Those were the days men kept their face be between their knees. They cried to God until God told them what to do. They dare not try to do it. Praise the Lord. Because if God is not in it, there will be no result. Praise the Lord. If God is in it, there will be a result. You remember that story back there in Canada where brother Ben Brandham told the the the guy and says the next time your brother have an epilepsy faith, he says take off his shirt, tear it, take the shirt off his back, throw it in the fire and say I do this in the name of the Lord Jesus. And he went home. He told his mother, he was not the one that did it. It was his mother that did it. When the when the when the young man had the epileptic faith, he took she tore his she his shirt from his back, tore it off of him and says, "This I do in the name of the Lord Jesus." And that destroyed the spirit. Praise the Lord. So, let's let's read here. I'm going all over the place. Matthew chapter 21. Now if you read Matthew chapter 21, Jesus will give u he will give a parable here. Look at verse 28. Listen to this parable now. Just listen to the scene carefully. Now what think ye a certain man had two sons? And he came to the first and said, "Son, go work today in my vania." Listen now. He answered and said, "I will not." But afterward he repented and he went. What did the father ask him to do? To go and work in the vineyard. Amen. Now, you got you got to put the picture together scripturally. Now, we've been talking about the foxes that spoil the vine. So, just put the picture together. uh uh uh you know in your mind to be able to continue with uh the thought that we are going with. He answered he says I will not. But afterward he repented and he went. And he came to the second and said likewise, "Son, go and work in the vineyard." And he answered and said, "I go, sir." And when? He said, "I will go." But he never did it. Look at carefully what Jesus how Jesus is going to interpret this parable. Praise the Lord. Two sons are from the same father. The first one he says go do it. He he blame it to his father no I will not. But the Bible says afterward he what? He painted and he went. The second said, "I will go, sir." He said it in a very polite, respectful way, but he didn't go. Are we together? Verse 31. whether of them twins did the will of his father. They said is the is the Pharisees that is answering Jesus now. They said unto him, the first Jesus said unto them, listen now, verily I say unto you, that the publican and the harots go into the kingdom of God before you. He's talking to these religious people and he's giving them a parable for them to be able to see their religious condition. Are we together? Amen. They all in their white garment with their white, you know, they are dressing according to the scripture. They got everything right. But Jesus is trying to help them to see their religious condition and he throw this parable before them of these two sons and they answer him. They said we think there will be the first one that did the will of the father. Jesus said verily I say unto you that the publicans the publicans were sinners. The publicans were people that were not religious people. Jesus said, "Verily I say unto you, the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you. For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believe him not. But the publicans and theotss believe him, and yet when ye heard, when ye have seen it, repented afterward that ye might believe him." Now, so uh uh uh uh we talking about how the kingdom suffer violence. Now, Jesus said this right after the time John the Baptist was caught and he was caught in praising. This is the man that came with the message. There is no there is no prophet. Uh h right down from all the prophets through the ages. When they came, they were talking about the throne of David. They were talking about the kingdom of Israel. That that was their message. But when John the Baptist came, his message was different. His message was repent. The kingdom of God is a hand. Repent the kingdom of heaven is a hand. That was John message. This was the first man that started to proclaim about the kingdom of heaven. Are we together? Now when John started to preach there, we realized that uh he he was he was very different. He was completely different in his time. John was different in his approach. Praise the Lord. John was not carried away by the faces of the people. No matter what I mean who you were, if you were a king, we know that it cost his life because Herod came to his meeting one time. He told him right to his face, you are an adulterous. You sleeping with your brother's wife. He says it's it's abominable and they have to cost his life. But this man was proclaiming the kingdom message. And you see that is the message of the church. The message of the church is not a denomination. It's not to make ourselves special. It's a message about the kingdom. Praise the Lord. Amen. The message of the church, what the Holy Ghost has given to the church is a kingdom message. Why? Because we have a king. And Jesus is our king. And our kingdom is a spiritual kingdom. He rules in our hearts by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why he changed our life. His word said we must be born again for us to enter into the kingdom. It's a spiritual kingdom. Are we together now? So John brought this message. And according to Jesus here, the Pharisees did not they did not embrace it. They did not embrace John message. They say, "Well, that mean he he was a crazy man." Even though the Bible says they were afraid to say anything because of the people. Are we together? But who were the people I calling to Jesus sermon here that embrace John message? He said the publicans and the the hollers on the street because Jesus said it's only those that are sick that needs physician. Praise the Lord. If you are not sick, if you don't have a need, the church can help you. Praise the Lord. If you are welloing in your way of life, your start, the church can help you because the church is just a local clinic that God send people and he sent a preacher with a message to be able to help those people that are in need. Praise the Lord. And that's the reason why the medical uh uh uh uh uh institute designed the patient garment by putting a rub on them. and uh the back is not covered. Why? Because we all have a backpack. Praise the Lord. That's the way you identify a patient when you go to the clinic. As soon as you see the gown on him, you know that this guy is a patient. No matter how how you know how smart, you know, sometimes people wear their James trousers and they wear their shirt, but yet they put gown on them. Are we together? So Jesus here is uh is is is is bringing this thing to us and making us to identify how John message how John gospel was able to go down and look for the sinners in the street. Why? Because the religious people their approach was making the kingdom to suffer. What the Jesus said they will not enter and they will not even allow those that want to enter enter by their legalistic approach. Praise the Lord. By their legalistic approach they they they felt that they were so righteous and so holy they kept the law. They are to this level and they cannot even associate with sinners. When Jesus talk about the story of the good Samaritan, who was the first person that passed the good Samaritan? A Levite, a man that knows the law. He saw the the the the man that was wounded. He left him there. The next man was the priest, the preacher in the synagogues. Why? Because the man was not identified with his church. The man never had as a hindrance garment on him. He left him there. Praise the Lord. How is how our our our Christian life, how is it affecting the people that are not saved? The reason why God will save you is he will save somebody through you. A true sign that we have been saved, our life gets so thirsty that other people get hungry for God. We get so salty. Praise the Lord. Not being judgmental and we so critical and all we do we just condemn people. You see how the kingdom is suffering. How the kingdom is suffering because many times our approach is violent. We have not got the fish out of the water. We want to clean it. Who does that? Who go fish and you don't grab the fish, you want to clean it. Praise the Lord. You see, that's the reason why in this end time we not having success in bringing sinners to salvation. All we doing we just changing from one church to another church. Most of the people here in our assembly came from different message churches. We just come here and we make another church. It's easy. All I need to do is to tear down the other preachers. I just need to pollute your mind about other preacher. You see that other brother down there? I know about him. You know this other one yet? I know. All I'm doing is that just to have everybody come to my church. Praise the Lord. You have to realize no matter how sweet talk you can talk a person, if it is not according to the scripture, your approach is violent because you are destroying that person than helping them. A man can come and call you, call you just like Jesus. He look at Peter right in the face and say, "Oh, you Satan, get behind me." He rebuked them. He called them out. But he was not violent. His approach was to be able to get their attention. But a man can sweet talk you. He can sweet talk you and praise you. No, you know this that we really need you here. You know you we cannot do without you and this this. I'm not helping you. I'm not helping you. I'm just creating an association. That's why we cannot see a birth. That's why we can't see a birth because there is no no desire for lost souls. All we want, we want people that look like us, people that believe like us, people that live like us, that speak like us. And then yeah, when we have them, we can't stay together. We start forcing them on ourel. Praise the Lord. Is Is this a new year message? I don't know. Glory be to God. Do you see why the kingdom has suffered violence? Do you know what it is? When a sinner gets saved out there and something has touched his life, he goes out and talk about how God has delivered him from drugs or a lady from prostitution. That's why she go about she don't go about and talking you know our in our church we do this in our no she talk about a habit that was ruining her life that God has come down and changed her. That's what she talks about. All the religious people say by you see that other one I don't know what kind of dress she wearing two Sunday night she not wear that same dress because she's not in our class but we going in the rapture. We are going in the rapture. You know when I came to this message, oh my god, the past is your hero. Your hero supposed to be present. Your hero supposed to be what is happening now, not the past. The kingdom suffer violence by unconverted nature. Uncon converted man has stepped into the things of God. Paul warned the church before he left him. He said graving wars will come among you. Jude said men creep in onward. All of these things have make the kingdom to suffer. All of these things have make the message repetition to suffer. Praise the Lord. Because instead of instead of us crying and making effort to encourage people to to to serve God and talk to somebody, tell somebody about the love of Jesus Christ, all we doing we just idolizing. We just idolizing. Either our pastor is the best one. We just idolizing. We are just idolizing men. I don't know where I'm going with this, but when it's time to stop, I will. Praise the Lord. Glory be to God. Let me read this to you. Christ is revealed in his own word. We just read brother B says we should really serve God. We should really serve God. We complain about the church. We complain about the message when we are doing nothing about it. Nothing we are doing about it. nothing in the sense of we are not even uh h you know seeking the face of God and crying to God and say Lord we we we need a revival. It had never been a bunch of people crying for the revival. It had just been one or two that have been so burdening and said God we want to see you in our midst. All we can do is just complain. Let thing come we we get complete. Every small thing we feel disappointed because we are putting our expectation on the wrong thing. Our expectation must be the God of our salvation. It's the one that we want to see in our midst. Praise the Lord. A lot of church mission goes on the corner. They don't go go and start looking, oh brother, move over to Minnesota. We get a nice church. Oh, sister, move over to No. They go on the corner and their their cry is to bring new souls to the kingdom. And when they see those people coming in their filthy dresses and all of that, they don't they don't they don't shame them and and and get, "Oh my god, see how this old one is dressing. Oh my god, see how no they get down on their knees. Lord, you have brought them. Thank you, Jesus, for bringing them. We pray. Let the Holy Ghost put a conviction on them because if God don't change them, you can't change them. You can't change them. But we sit right in the house of God that's supposed to be the house of mercy. And we are just full of condemnation. Do you go home and ever pray for a senior person that have walked in this church? What if the person came here and misbehaved? Did you go home and ever get down on your knees and say, "Lord, I don't know what brought that person in our midst today, but Father, I thank you the one that da them because you did not invited them. Listen, the Christ is revealing his own word. Now, in order to study the scripture, Paul told Tim to me to study it rightly devouring the word of God, which is truth. Then there's three must in the scripture in using God's word. There is three things that we must not do. Praise the Lord. I'm telling you saints, if you have ever been involved in soul winning, there is nothing that kills you when you are not giving birth. There is nothing that kills you when you are not seeing people being born again. When you are not even seeing the young one in our midst being affected. That's the thing that killed the church in Europe and killing the church around the world because the older people, oh, I've been in the message 12 years, I be in the message 15, and their children are stepping out of the door, jumping through the window and going into the word. How are we giving birth? When our Holy Ghost is not affecting somebody, when our Holy Ghost is not influencing somebody, oh that just a Holy Ghost that is just so good for us to make her feel religious and feel righteous. Life wanted of the gospel. The last call was that Jesus said, "Go into the street and into the byways." That was the last call. He sent them into the street and into the byways because the ones that were invited to the feast, they have turned it down. And that is the very same thing we are doing. They are turning it down. They are blaming the message. They are doing everything. But I still believe that God, as long as we here, this gospel can still save sinners. I believe it that this gospel can still deliver people from drugs habit, from prostitution, from from from homosexual lives. And I believe this gospel can do it. Amen. Oh, how I long to be on the street corners. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank God. You having men that are raising up here to preach. Now, in order to study the scripture, Paul told Timothy, study a rightly devouring the word of God, which is truth. Then there is three must in the scripture in using God's word. There is three things that we must not do. Praise the Lord. Have we really kept it? No. We have all breaking it. We must not do it. Now let's stud it those for the next 10 minutes. Three things that we must not do. Now you must not misinterpret the word. You say, "Well, I believe it means this." Not what we say it means. God interpret his word by bringing it to pass. Praise the Lord. Now, what we think God interpret his word by bringing it to pass. And that's the reason why people goes on sensation. They go on emotion. Oh, I feel like this. I felt like this. And then tomorrow they come back again and says, "I'm not sure." Because we can wait. He told them to wait until you are endued with power. We must not misinterpret the word. It means just what it says. It needs no interpreter. We must not misplace the word. And you must not dislocate the word. And if we will do either of these things, it throw the whole Bible into confusion and chaos. And that's the reason why we having a bunch of chaos. All we can produce is just new doctrine over the years. That's what we have been producing. Instead of producing souls to the kingdom, we just been producing new doctrine. The other person come. Okay, I see it like this. I get three quotes where the prophet said it the other person can I see it like that I get two quotes where the prophet said this that's all we've been producing over the years doctrines are we together now let Let me talk to you as our church before you think I'm mad with you. I'm not mad with you. Amen. I'm mad with the de with the devil. I'm mad with the foxes that is trying to spoil the vine. Amen. I'm mad with the foxes. I want to be like Samson. Tie their tails together and put fire on it. Let them go running until they killed themselves. That's why Samson dead. Praise the Lord. We don't know how long 2025 is going to be. The year we say come Lord Jesus. If he don't, we'll still be here. Praise the Lord. We still be here. Many of us God led us here. We move here. We migrated here in one way and all the other. And by God's grace, we came and met this little tabernacle, this little place here that we have as our church, a building that is already paid for. If you watch over the years, the best that we can try to do not to put any kind of a we don't run fan ice. think year even though it is is is not the best thing if I mean if you are not uh uh feeling obligated to to support the work of God I mean it's not the best thing but yet we want you to have a conviction we want it to be a conviction instead of every Sunday let's we we we get this other program and uh y'all bring the plate let's collect money and and uh uh I mean uh uh uh that that's not the incentive entual even having a new building is not the insensual what is the need of a new building if we are not using the one that we have if we are not using the one that we have Wednesday we don't I mean we don't come to church on Wednesdays I mean we come whenever we want to come then what is the need of having the new building is it because we just want to be like the other Let's leave there. Like I said, every one of us by God's grace that is over 25 30 somewhere somehow the Lord have dealt with us. Somewhere he deal with us. He gave us grace. Some of us we got married and we having our children. I mean uh the grace of God is helping us. I mean we we we we have balanced oursel. We're not into all of the message politics. That's a beautiful thing. But what's about the generation after us? What are we doing here in this assembly? What are we building as a memorial? Praise the Lord. Amen. What are we building as a memorial? What happen if I drop dead? Does that close the church? Does that stop the church? Are there men to be able to pick up and go on? What are we doing? Are we just enjoying the moment? Are we thinking about the future? Praise the Lord. Oh, we see it. We have seen it all through the years now or all through the co period up to this time. Many groups that have fought up because the very men that were sitting down there bringing their family to the church never had no responsibility to what was happening. When the pastor is not there, the church for them, everybody go their way. Do you realize that if that ever happened, we just wasted our time here? We just wasted the years here. See our young people that are coming up as now they get to the age where I mean they are they they are teenagers. I mean even before teenager they already got cell phone in their hand. So they already exposed to the world more than us. As soon as they get their driver license in their hands, they drive past the church. We can drive them to church. As soon as they get their driver license, they don't know this address. It's not on their GPS. Then what are we doing? What are we doing? You know, it's so easy. We look over our shoulder and says, "Oh, yeah, that, you know, that that's brother one daughter. Oh, yeah, that brother Jones son. Oh yeah, that's sister Joan." You know, it's it it does not become a concern until it enter our house. Don't wait for it to enter your house. Praise the Lord. We either get the young people on a legalistic grape. Don't do this. Don't do that. Don't do that. You know the message. No, you know the message. And they don't have no experience. They don't have no birth. They are just they are just it's just they are just driven by fear. The kingdom is suffering violence because of this misbehavior, misrepresentation. It's making the kingdom to suffer violence. suffering violence on an unconverted nature and unconverted attitude because the violent take it by for we must do it by force. We want to force our children to believe, force our wife to have the Holy Ghost, for our husbands to be faithful. I hope you see where I'm coming from. Praise the Lord. I hope you see where I'm coming from. This building is now leased out. It's here. If we can't barely make it to church, how we ever going to think that I can come here and lay my face before God? I can come here and seek the face of God. We have been caught under the web of the last day spirit. We are so busy. We get so much thing on our mind. We are so concerned about our new position, our new job, our new pay raise and all of that. And we are just becoming like Moses. We realize our children are now circumcised. They don't have the Holy Ghost. They don't even understand all of this church we go into. What does it mean? Praise the Lord. Paul says in 1 Corinthians chapter 2:4, "How can a man understand the things of God except the spirit of God be in him?" That's some of the things that is making the kingdom to suffer because we have a man that can just go right down here to Brooklyn Center in some kind of a a a small apartment they call Bible school. Go and spend six months there. Somebody print him a certificate. Now he's a preacher. He have not got over drinking habit. His womanizing spirit is all killing him. All he has to do is to just buy some suits from China. He get suits for every seven days in the week. He can change his suits. How can a man understand the things of God? The kingdom is suffering violence because unconverted men has taken possess possession of it just like how it was in the church ages. When Constantine became a Christian, he was he was not born again. He just needed victory in his fight. came to the Christians to pray for them for him to win his battle. He came and identified with the church and slowly he got the church under his grape. Slowly got the church under his grape. Praise the Lord. Jeremiah, you understand what I'm talking about? Huh? Okay. All of you young people, you know very well. You come here, we saying you're growing up. We took your right out there. We baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You get anxious to want to see what communion is. You're wrong here. All of you young people Your time is harder children. There is lot of distraction. Your time is harder. Lot of bunch of spirits out there just wanting to ravage the mind of the young people right from their childhood video games want to ravage their minds. They will go hours and hours without without food. Not even finding anything to eat. P. Their mind just feeding feeding their mind. Feeding their mind. And as long as they are not making noise, we parents we are okay. Wherever they are feeding their mind with their business, they enjoying said they not making noise. To us, we get them under control. You finish turning your children over to spirits. Children played in the sand. They build houses with sand. They take uh h uh things and and make their animal cross take and all of that. Dress them up. You don't do that. You dress them right on the app. You do their makeup. Papa pop. That's that's all you do. It's easy. We could just come sing, clap our hands, pray, and go home. But what I want to do or I'm trying to do this morning is to challenge you is to tell you wake up. Wake up to your surrounding. Wake up to your surrounding. Christian life is not a careless life. It's not a careless life. You don't say Jesus pay it all and then you just leave yourself. It's not a careless life. Wake up to your surrounding. Wake up to the realities that is around us or else we just have a form of godliness and there is no power. No power. We just have a form of godliness. Our homes will be scattered. Our children will go out in the word and and and and uh you know and and and and just just exposed to everything that is out there. Praise the Lord. Look, if money, if money could keep home, Bill G will not be divorced. If money can keep home, marriage is ordained by God. He's the one that instituted marriage. And what keep it is this word of God. You dispass this world, you dispass your own life. Let's wake up to our reality. What are we doing here? Why do we come here and just spend hours and hours and hours? If we are not experiencing God in our midst, let's close this place down and go go about our our business in this hour and time that we are living in that we'll be begging people. Why? We didn't see you in church, brother. Please, brother, don't don't let us down. Please come to church. Is it what we should be doing that people will still pastor did not call me? I be I ain't got no job to do. I ain't got no job to do. Oh, why we didn't see you in church on Sunday? How are you? You doing okay? May God have mercy upon us. Praise the Lord. All these unconverted men that have have come into the message, they as soon as they get their wealth, they go into reestate and out of there. They feel really making their wealth, then they come back. You know the message high error that that this was what gave them their wealth. They sat down there on the tithes and offering of the people build their wealth and left the people in confusion. Just like I said last week Sunday, anything you want, this message can give it to you. But if you get everything without God, you are the most miserable person. You are the most miserable person. This is 2025. Happy new year. I don't know what the year holds. We don't know what the year holds. But like we said on Tuesday night, come what may. May God give us grace with the ones that want to stand for the Lord. We will stand together. Praise the Lord. We fall. We will rise up together. Amen. We will be just like Nehemiah's. We're going to build in the rubbage. When Nehemiah was building the wall, he built it right in the mess that Jerusalem was in. The walls were built in troublesome time. And if we will have a church here, this church will be built in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. The Bible says the man got breaks in their hands. They were building the wall and in the other hand they had their sword ready to fight. They were working but they will stay at their post of duty. They were working but they were at their post of duty. And that's what we must be. Are we together? Let me read something to you and then I close. I still have another opportunity to preach. Let make our visitors afraid and say this church never close. Amen. Praise the Lord. I would just advise you want to come next time just eat breakfast. And because we don't come for entertainment, we come to lay the truth right down in your face. Praise the Lord. Have a good breakfast. Let's look at Nemiahs chapter 4 and then uh we will we will we'll find a place to close here. I hope you get the picture of where we going this morning. Don't think I'm mad with you. I'm not mad with you. I'm just mad with the spirit that is trying to set us apart. Amen. The try the spirit that is trying to rob us from our joy is trying to make is trying to make this glorious message a reproach. Praise the Lord. We seeing this message changing people life, getting them back to decency. Oh Lord, praise the Lord. Nemiahs chapter 4. That's that's that's what I wanted to speak on this morning. Building in the rubbish. That was what was on my mind. But uh uh I was just I'm just stay in my in my own zone here. The Bible says verse 9, "Nevertheless, we made our prayers unto our God and set a wash against them day and night because of them." And Jud and Judah said, "The strength of the bearer of burden is decadent there is much rubbish so that we are not able to build a wall." Praise the Lord. Our and our adversary said they shall not know neither see till we come in in the midst among them and slay them. See, see these people were trying to to build the wall of Jerusalem, the city of Jerusalem. And yet all of these guys, Sam Balot and all of his men, they were the guys that have gone down there to Babylon. And Babylon has polluted their mind against the holy city. The thing that's supposed to be most treasure to them, they said, "We will come in. We will sneak among them. They will not even know. And that's how we will start killing them. One by one, what the brother Brandham says, the enemy will bring that guy in under the quietness of the spirit. He will come there and start spreading things out among the people. That's how the devil works. He never tell you he's here. Praise the Lord. Verse 12. And it came to pass that when the Jews which dwell by them came and said unto unto uh they said unto us 10 times from all places when ye shall return unto us there they will be upon you. Therefore, therefore set out in the low in in the lower places behind the wall and on the higher places. I even set the people after their family with with their swalls and spears and their bold. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's let's drop down to uh uh to chapter 10. Let's drop to chapter 10. This is what I want to read to you and then we close this afternoon. Praise the Lord. Chapter 10 verse 28 and the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the porter, the singer, the Nethan, and all they that has separated himself from the people of the land unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, everyone having knowledge and having understanding, they cleave to their brethrens, their nobles, and enter into a curse and into an ought to walk in God's law. They enter into a covenant. That's what it means. When he says they enter into a curse, it means that they are saying if we don't keep this, let this happen to us. They enter into a covenant to walk in God's laws which was given by Moses the servant of God and to observe and do all the commandments of the Lord our Lord and his judgment and his statutes. And that we who not give our daughters unto the people of the land, none take their daughters for our sons. And if the people of the land bring in u any vetious on the Sabbath day to sell that we now buy it of them on the Sabbath day or on the holy day and that we will leave leave the seven year and the exaction of every depths. Now they were getting into this covenant because they had realized there this was the thing that carried them into Babylon. You know the whole Babylonian captivity it was because Israel disrespected the Sabbath for 70 years they did not respected the Sabbath the day of rest. And that's why God says, "I will clean it back from you. I will allow the land to rest." And the way for me to allow it to rest is for you to go into captivity. So that's the reason why they are making this oath to themselves. We will respect the Sabbath. We will not buy to from them on the Sabbath and all of that. Are we together? Praise the Lord. And then you can read on and on and on and on. I kind of miss my praise the Lord. That's that is the word of Neyers. That is the building of uh of the temple. The people making a promise to themselves. Okay. Yeah. This is what I wanted to read to you. I left it undone. That is in chapter 4 verse 14. And I look and rose up and said unto the nobles and to the rulers and to the rest of the people, "Be not afraid of them, remember the Lord, which is greater than terrible, and fight for your brethrens, fight for your sons, fight for your daughters, fight for your wives, fight for your houses." Praise the Lord. That's what I wanted to read to you. That's that's how I want to greet you this new year. If there's anything that we must do, let's fight for this to be a house of God. Let's fight for the presence of God to be to be fed here. Because I'm telling you, if you neglect that, you'll be embarrassed by some of the things that will happen here because that's just how the church feel. That's just how the people neglect their responsibility then it becomes one man responsibility and now that man starts to put laws and rules and everything can and and and says what I'm I'm the pastor but bam say if the pastor want to preach Jehovah witness doctrine he can preach Jehovah witness doctrine and then we we start we start rolling into all of those things and now people fall away from the word because they are not men that are able to say, "Let's get back to the word." Praise the Lord. You are the pastor that does not give you the authority to carry our souls to hell. But let's fight. Let's fight for our bremates. Let's fight for our sisters. Let's fight for our young people. Let's fight that the presence of God will be failed. Nobody is above this word. Praise the Lord. Amen. Nobody is above the word. The Bible says in the book of Psalm, God even lifted the word above his name. That's how much God referenced his word. Musicians, you can come. Let's fight for our wives. fight for our husbands. Let's fight for our homes. Every year brings a surprises. If you've been around shoving God, you know every year brings it surprises. Right from the beginning of the year, we start watching those things. Before the year end, we get into a time of consecration, fasting and praying. And you just start watching, you start listening. This little assembly has suffer in the hands of spirits. I try to creep among the people. But as God's being gracious, you always have a way. Let's fight so we can have church. Let's put that song up and sing in worship together. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you. I want to see you. Let's sing that again. Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Let's stand to our feet. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. And I want to see you to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your [Music] glory. Oh, you're power and love. As we sing holy, holy, holy, we sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes, Lord, of my heart. I want to see I want to see you. Oh Jesus, open the eyes of my heart of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you. I want to see you. See you. to see you hide and lifted [Music] up. Shining in the light of your glory. Lord are your power and love. As we sing, holy, holy, holy, we sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Please open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you, Jesus. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. See you high and lifted up. Shine in the light of your glory. Oh are your power and love. As we sing holy, holy, holy, we sing holy, holy. Oh yes, we say holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Yes Lord. Father, we come just like Isaiah this afternoon, Lord, and say, "Open the eyes of our heart, Lord. Let the spirit of conviction return back to the church. Oh God, not just an intellectual spirit, of God. We can know these things so far, the Lord, but we want an experience in our heart, oh God. [Music] We want we want an experience down in our heart. Oh father Lord we have seen we have seen enough Lord we have seen all the things that is happening around us. We don't have to be afraid. We just want to encourage the people Lord like Nehemiah did and say don't be afraid. of all the things that you are hearing. Don't be afraid. We can raise these gates again. We can raise these gates if God will just put the love of soul in our heart. The love of souls. We must hate the sin and hate the wrong. But don't hate people. [Music] love [Music] them. If you don't have that compassion, there is no way you will pray for them. There is no way you can pray for them. [Music] What a music fail. [Music] [Music] Every one of us, we can go back to our hearts. We can go back to our life. We can go back to our experience. What have we made of this? What have we made of it? It's just me in my house. Is the grace just only enough for you and your [Music] house? God has placed us into position. God has placed people around us. You go to work and people admire you. They respect you. [Music] What is that thing that that make us to struggle to be able to bring the Christ that is in our [Music] heart? You have people around you that are that are in need. What make what make us so struggle to hold somebody by the hands? I say, "I've been praying for you. I've been thinking about [Music] you." Why is it difficult for us to even invite people to church? They will either say yes or they will say no. [Music] When the when the music fade and all the strip [Music] away and our home simply [Music] come, longing just to pray something that is more I will bless your [Music] heart. I break you in the song. For the song in this song is not what you have. Thank you Jesus. You search flesh before we made through the way things appear. You walking into my [Music] heart. I'm coming back to you. Heart of worship. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the pain I made. It's all about you. It's all Oh, I'm coming back. Yes, Lord. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. It's all about I'm sorry, Lord. Oh yes. I'm sorry, Lord, for the I Jesus. It's all about you. It's all the Oh yes, Lord. I'm coming back today. I'm coming out. Lord, I want to come on. I want to have the worship, Lord. It's all about It's about you, Jesus. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry, Lord, for the pain. Oh father, it is all about you. Oh Jesus, it's all about you. Oh hallelujah, Jesus. I'm coming back. I'm coming back, Lord. I want to come back to the place of prayer, Father. A place of life of dedication, oh God. A life of consecration, Father. Oh, I want to get back to the things of God. I want to get back to the face of God. Yes, Lord Jesus. That's what I need. Oh, that's what I need. Oh God. Yes, Lord. Father, it's all about you, Jesus. It's not about me. It's not about anybody. It's all about you, Lord. It's all about you, Father. That's what we need, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Yes, Lord. That's what we need, Father. It's all about you, Lord. Yes. I'm sorry, Lord, for the [Music] I thank you, Father. Almighty God, we stand this afternoon, Lord. Lord, it's it has always been about you, Father. Lord God, we have made it about ourself. We have made it about somebody else, Lord. But life is all about you. You woke us up this morning. Father, you are the one, Lord, that has brought us through whatever we have been through. Except the Lord has been on our side. Except Lord God your mercy and grace Lord Father. It has always been about you. We get so busy Lord. We despise you in our mind. Oh Father God we are just all about one thing or another. It's never done just from one to another Lord God. Oh Jesus. Oh yeah. Let it be. Let this year be a year, Lord. You said the harvest, Lord, is here. The harvest is here, Lord. We know it is cleaning season. But Lord, we have a boas, Lord, that have instructed his angels, oh God, to put a handful here and a handful there, Lord. If we want to look, if we want to try a little bit, if we want to walk around, if we want to testify, Father, Lord God, we will find a harvest, [Music] Lord, if we can just find somebody we can encourage to Christ. If we can just find somebody, Lord, we would pray just take every judgmental spirit, every critical spirit from us, Lord. Every spirit, Lord, Father, of condemning people. Let our heart be a a a place of prayer. Father, let it be a hard Lord that will be burdening for people then to criticize and gossip and condemn. We are giving ourself to you, Father, and say, "Oh [Music] God, it's all about you, Jesus, it's all about you. You are the one that we come to praise. You are the one we come to worship. You are the one father [Music] Lord. Father I ask that Lord you bless your children. Bless them in their working areas Lord. Father you see how Lord God our homes are on a different attack. Oh father God is either illness Lord or financial God precious Lord oh father or fes oh God. But in the name of Jesus Christ, oh almighty God, we we have taken a commission from your word. We're going to fight for our homes, oh God. We're going to fight for our wives, Lord. We will fight for our husbands, oh God. We're going to fight for our children, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious Lord. Father God, we've been commissioned by your word. We've been commissioned by your word to take a break in our hands and hold a sword in the other one. Oh God, oh Father, we just thank you. Thank you, precious Lord. The enemy tried, Father God, he fought so hard against this service, Lord, but Father, we thank you that we could make it here, Lord, today. Just bless all bless all your children. Bless all your children that are not feeling well, Lord God. Bless them with strength. Bless them with healing. Oh father God. Oh Jesus. We are looking forward for the exceeding abundant. We are looking forward Lord to see you moving oh God. Moving father even in the lives of our children where your your grace will start influencing them Lord. They will get to their bedroom get down on their knees find their own time to pray. Get get in contact with you father Lord. get to know you for themselves. Lord, they will put praying alarms on their phone. Oh God. Oh Jesus. Do something for us. Lord, do something for us. Let the glory of the Lord be seen. Oh God, awaken us. Oh father, awaken us, Lord Jesus. [Music] We love you, Father. We appreciate you once again, Lord. Father God, we pray, Lord, Father God, for Bernie Man and and Sister Verne. And Lord God, their days, oh God, Father, they are on a countdown to return back home. Lord, how we enjoy their fellowship. We enjoy their fellowship. Oh God, what a blessings, oh Lord, that they were with us. Oh God, all the days spent here. They supported the service, Lord. Father, whether it was a Wednesday night, oh God, a Sunday, the prayer meeting, Lord, Father, we just we just thank you, precious Lord, and ask that God, you bless them, Lord. Oh God, Father, grant them a safe travel back. Go before them and fight their battles. Oh God, we just prayed that bread man will feel much better. Lord God get strength for his trip ahead of him. We just Oh God, Father, we love you. We love you, Father. We appreciate you, Sister Mary. We remember her. Oh God, Father, Lord, Sam and his family. We pray for them, oh God. Father, Lord, Sister Nin is doing much better. We just pray that you continue to bless your daughter, Father. God, want to thank you for your grace upon her life. Dear God, I spoke with brother oneandis. He returned back from Japan. But Lord God, father, he also lost his mother. So his wife and him lost their mother. Uh so we just pray that Lord, you will bring comfort to them, Lord. And oh God, father, we just uh pray that Lord Jesus. Oh father God, you will bless that family. You bless that family. We remember all of our young people. Oh God, Father, Lord, we pray, Father, for Becky, for Simon, Lord God, for Joshua, for Daniel, Lord God, all of our young people, precious Lord, the these are children that you gave us, Lord, we help them, Lord, we we Oh God, Father, and we want to see your grace helping them. And Lord, each and every one of them. Uh Elijah travel back to his assignment this morning. We pray that you be with the young man. Bless him, oh God. Father, we love you. We appreciate you, Lord. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's try that. Behold, I am the Lord, the God of all flesh. Let's try that. We'll sing that and be dismissed. The Lord bless you. We will see you Wednesday night. And uh go in the peace of the Lord. Once again, we wish you a happy and a prosperous new year. May the Lord fight your battle. May he stand by your side. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Behold, I am the Lord, the God of all flesh. [Music] Lord, I am the Lord. The God of all flesh. Is there anything? Is there anything to behold? I am the Lord, the God of the flesh. Oh, is there anything? Is there anything to have for Oh, yes. Is there anything anything to have for me? Is there anything? Is there anything to have for Oh, is there anything anything to have for me? Is there anything? Is there anything to have for me? Holy. I am the Lord, the God of the land. Is there anything? Is there anything to have for me? Oh, is there anything to ask for? Is there anything? Is there anything too high for? Oh my God. Is there anything anything to for the Lord? Is there anything? Is there anything to be holy? I am the Lord, the God of the land.
