################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - June 18, 2025 Wednesday Service Bro. Ariel Ngongo - From Lodebar to Jerusalem - Ariel Ngongo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-18
Title:    June 18, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro. Ariel Ngongo - From Lodebar to Jerusalem
Speaker:  Ariel Ngongo
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qU-R2MxmNeU
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you saints. Going to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's just uh take our Bibles and uh we will read u here just before we go into our prayer needs. It's good to see uh the grace of God in your faces and uh let's read uh uh Psalm chapter 68. 8. Psalm chapter 68 uh we read uh from verse one and uh let the Lord arise. Let his enemy be scattered. Let them also that hit him flee before him. As smoke is driven away, so drive them away. as wax melt melted before the fire. So let the wicked perish at the presence of God. But let the righteous be glad. Let them rejoice before God. Yeah. Let them exceedingly rejoice. Sing unto God. Sing praises to his name. Extol him that ratted upon the heaven by his name J. And rejoice before him. A father of the fatherless and a George of the widows is God in his holy habitation. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads tonight and you can have your seat and uh uh whichever way you want to position yourself for prayer tonight. But uh uh let's just uh make me more like the While our sister softly played, I want to just read few prayer needs and and praise report. There's a praise report that came out of uh uh Nigeria. I want to read that tonight. Dear saints, good news of uh answer prayer with infinite joy. I'm writing to let you know that our kind and care heavenly father answer our prayer and show up uh a young pastor uh Adam uh Jacob Jr. uh that was uh early reported kidnapped by a murderous terrorist operating uh on the Nasarat plateau two days ago has been set free by the kidnappers unconditionally without a damn paid as a ransom. Interestingly, they told him uh they didn't know why they were letting him go just like that. But we know believers prayed and the captain of the host move into action. Blessed be blessed be his holy name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And I think I have another one here. And uh couple of months back, we prayed for the young uh um little boy that's a a son to to a family. And uh this praise report came in yesterday. Today is a big big day because uh this little man has uh has been Caesar free for 6 months. We serve a big and strong mighty God and praise him and thank him every day for keeping our body safe and and healthy. Uh we pray that Wallen will continue to be Caesar free so he can be win of the meds. Amen. So we want to thank the Lord for that and we will take a prayer need another prayer request just a word for sister uh Halishia her whole family has been hit hit hit with what the doctor said it's a stomach virus but uh this devil has been making them sick for several weeks now it seems to ease off and then it come back again and and and is worse than it was. She asked that we pray for relief and complete deliverance from the devil. The great physician is able. Amen. And then the prayer need here also from brother Dan uh asking prayer for his brother-in-law Pier. He's not doing well in his health and also not helping the situation by the choice that he's making. So let's just go to the Lord in prayer tonight. I also heard we have a birthday traffic this week. Uh I think it was brother Wesley birthday uh uh yesterday. He had a uh his uh 83rd birthday and uh also heard brother Ariel birthday coming up. Brother Jordan also little Abigail. So we just want to thank the Lord for that. Let's let's bow our heads now as we go to the Lord in prayer. Yes. Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. Give me the heart that's filled with your love and make me more like thee. Yes. Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. Give me the heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. With my hands lifted high [Music] and my mouth filled with praise. [Music] With a heart of thanksgiving, [Music] I will praise. Oh Lord, [Music] with my hands lied up. Thank you, Lord. Yes. And my mouth filled with praise and with a heart of thanksgiving. I will praise thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanks. Give it. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord, [Music] with a heart of thanksgiving. Thank you, Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. One more time. Yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. And with a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. What the music play softly. Let's bless the name of the Lord tonight. Just giving thanks and appreciate him for another opportunity. We can come together this Wednesday night for this time of prayer meeting. And we just want to thank the Lord for uh rescuing our brother from the hands of those uh those ones that u captured him for. We want to thank God for stepping in their situation and also rejoicing the heart of the church and his family. We just also want to thank the Lord for uh giving all of our loved ones a wonderful birthday. Brother uh Wesley and brother Jordan, brother Ariel, little Ibigail. We just want to thank the Lord for their lives. We want to thank God for also that little young man uh uh uh little woman that the Lord uh deliver from se seizures. We just want to pray that the Lord God will just keep his body safe from that uh del illness and and and and heal him and then that would just be healing in the camp with all of God's children that are needing one touch or another tonight. But let's praise him. Let's just thank God tonight for this opportunity that we can come together with a heart of thanksgiving. Our hands lifted up. Let's bless the name of the Lord. Let's praise him. Let's appreciate him for his grace and his love and his mercy upon us. uh upon our family, upon us as an assembly and we just uh want to bless the name of the Lord even upon this city where we are gathered tonight knowing everything that happened on the last weekend. We want to thank God that he didn't that went any more farther than that we can be here on Wednesday night to be able to lift our voices to the Lord and just thank him and appreciate him. Let's just uh express our love to him tonight as we pray together in Jesus precious name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we come together, Lord God. Yes Lord, with our hands lifted up, oh God. And Father, our hands is also lifted up unto you, Lord. We look to you, Father. Where cometh our help, our help cometh from the Lord God, that made the heaven and the earth. Oh, Father, we want to thank you, Lord. We want to praise you and just appreciate you, oh God, for giving us another opportunity, Father God, on a Wednesday night, Lord. Oh God. Father, we've been using Lord God this Wednesday night at this little session. Father God, where we can just, oh God, cry our hearts out to you, oh father God, whether it is just five minutes, Lord, or 10 minutes, oh God, we can use this time, oh Father God, to express ourself, oh God, and and pour our hearts in thanksgiving, oh Father Lord, just to realize, oh God, oh precious Lord, how an angel of death hang over the city this gone weekend, oh God, Father, And in many lives, oh God, that who have been, oh father, lost. But Lord, in your mercy, oh God, father, Lord Jesus, yeah, Father, oh God, we can come together on a Wednesday night. Why shouldn't we praise you, Lord? Why shouldn't we thank you, Father? Lord, why shouldn't we express our gratitude, oh Father, to you, oh God, Lord, an entire state, oh Lord, could be on a siege, an entire state, oh God. Father, Lord God, oh Father, Lord, just seeing, oh God, the amount of violence, oh Lord, that is in the land. But if we can have this time, oh God, then we must bless your name, oh God. We must appreciate you, oh Father. We must say thank you, oh God, for giving us another time, oh Father, we thank you tonight. We appreciate you, oh God. Oh Jesus, we love your name, oh God. Oh father, we magnify your name. Oh God, what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful Jesus. Oh father, Lord, thank you oh God. Precious lamb of God, Father, Lord Jesus, for your love, oh God, where a way that you have loved us, oh Father, that we can be called the sons and daughters of God. We thank you tonight, oh Father. Yes, Lord. We just appreciate you, oh God, because we know, Father, the shout of the king is in the camp, Lord. We know, oh, Father God, we still have a bracing serpent, oh Lord. Oh God, we can look to Oh, Father, for the healing of your children, oh God. Father Lord, we have a smitting rock, Lord, for that rock that found them was Christ. Oh God. And he's in our midst. Oh fire. Lord God, he can quench our thirst tonight. Oh God. Oh father, Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord. He can do wonders in our midst. Oh father, we thank you oh God. Father for the vindicated prophet message. Oh Lord, we thank you oh God for an open word that is before us. Oh God, it makes your presence real on every moment, every meeting. Oh God, Savior divine. We thank you, Father, Lord, for the message of the hour. We thank you, oh God, for the Holy Ghost that is dealing with our hearts. Oh God, that is convicting us, oh God. It is drawing us, oh Father. Lord, that's what you said in your word. If you be lifted up, you would draw, oh God, all men, unto you, oh Father. We thank you tonight. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, oh father god, thank you savior divine oh god for rescuing oh lord Jesus Christ our brothers lord father. Yes Lord from the hands oh father of evil men. Oh precious lord we thank you oh father in the name of the lord Jesus Christ from oh father rescuing that little baby lord father from the hands oh god of the of that demon called caesar. Father, we pray that God, oh Lord Jesus, you will raise him above it. Oh God, Father, you will rebuke it out of his life. Oh God, Father, how we thank you tonight, Lord. We love you and we appreciate you tonight. Father, we glorify your holy name tonight. And we say what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh God, that is touched by the feelings of our infirmity. So precious, Lord. We just thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord God. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Father. Hallelujah, God. Yes, Lord. Father, we thank you tonight, oh God. We thank you tonight, precious Lord. We say what a loving Savior you are, Father. Blessed be your name tonight, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name, oh God. Thank you, Jesus. Reach out and touch the Lord. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he passes by, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is singing by this moment on our needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Yes. Reach out shout and touch the Savior as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry by saying by this moment all your needs he will supply. Reach shout and touch the savior as he goes by. Let's just take another lead tonight and uh I learned uh brother Hillary and his sister Ness are traveling back uh from the uh their trip vacation. We just want to pray that the Lord will grant them a safe travel. It should be here tomorrow or so hopefully and uh or the take off tomorrow one of the two and uh sister lady told me uh just before the service she should be traveling uh hopefully on the weekend we just want to pray that the Lord will go before her and grant her uh a safe travel if that work out and uh we just want to commit that in the hands of the Lord. Also, there are few of uh the young people that will be going to uh Indiana at the end of the month. Uh uh for for a few of them and or pretty much every one of them that will be their first uh uh camping uh uh so we just want to pray that the Lord will go before them and give them a wonderful time. And uh uh we just also want to pray tonight uh brother Ariel will be speaking to us. just ask that the Lord will will just prepare our heart for the word as he will come and uh minister to us tonight and uh let's just bring the need of our assembly uh in the hands of the Lord as the Lord uh will place on your heart what you you are feeling as a need for this assembly and uh pray for me tonight also I'm needing strength that the Lord will just uh kind of for strengthen and uh deal with me I'm having spoken prayer request the Lord will just deal with my heart having some few things I'm placing before the Lord and asking him to just step in and uh and take complete control. Let's just pray tonight remembering every family, every uh uh little one and uh uh the young people. We want to just remember everyone tonight as we just take these knees before the Lord. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, once again, Lord God, we just want to thank you, Lord, for giving us this time. And Father, Lord God, we want to bring these days to you, Lord, that we are travel back tomorrow. We pray that you grant them a safe travel, Father. Whatever time it is, oh God, we commit them into your hands. So, Father, be with Sister Lady. Oh, God. If her trip will work out, we want to pray that Lord, you will go before her and favor her. Oh God Jesus. Oh God she get a good sense of direction from you in the name of Jesus Christ. We also pray father for all these little ones that are so uh you know excited and and and all of that father God we pray go before them Lord Jesus. Oh father the purpose oh God is not just to travel is not just to camp out Lord but father you oh God father you give your angels Lord come around your people father Lord. So we want you oh God to meet them in those meetings. Oh father Lord may they come back oh God father Lord Jesus believing that God you will deal with their hearts. So Father Lord oh God they will they will be exposed to things that will challenge them in their young Christian faith and walk with you. Father we pray tonight lifting this assembly in your hands. I pray to God father Lord for every family that is identified oh God father with this body committing committing them in your hands Lord. Father, every need in our home, every need in our relationship. So, Father God, with you and with one another, Father, we committed to you tonight, Lord, we pray for our leadership, oh God. Father, oh God, we want you to have the preeminence, Lord Jesus. But father in the midst of it, oh God, father, we also pray that Lord God, you would be father God, Lord Jesus, with all all of our preaching brothers, Lord God, be father, Lord Jesus, with that uh pastoral office. We know God is an office that is designed by you. You are the chief shepherd, oh father, Lord. So we want to be fully surrendered to you, oh God. We want to come on your headshake oh father god to get a direct leading from you how to guide and lead your people precious lord we also pray tonight for our deacons our trustees oh father lord god oh pray oh father god for our song leader brother Lawrence oh so God father and lord Jesus Christ oh god all the ones behind the scenes oh lord our prayer warriors oh god father our technicians oh so Lord Jesus Christ we just committing all of these ones in your hands So Father Lord, even God, Father, Lord Jesus, the people that come and clean the in of the church, those that do work outside, we committing everybody in your hands tonight, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we would just ask, oh, Father, bless our brother as you will be coming forth, Lord, in few minutes, oh God, to come and lead us, oh God, Father, and oh precious Lord, in the preaching of the word. May that be a true worship unto us tonight. May we, Father God, receive from you tonight, Lord. Speak to us, oh God, in a way our soul will understand. Father, we just thank you tonight, oh God. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father you are, Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your blessing upon this assembly, Lord. Father God, you know our needs, Lord. Father, come meet us, Lord, at the very point of our needs. Change our lives, oh God. change situation in our midst, oh father, Lord, bring conviction, Lord God. Father, oh we love you. We thank you tonight. What an awesome God you are. Blessed be your holy name, oh father, we appreciate you tonight, oh God. Yes, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord. In Jesus' name, we bring all of these needs to the father. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Blessed be your name tonight, Father. We love you. We appreciate you. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Lord, you have been faithful, Lord Jesus. We can count on you, oh God. Father, we thank you tonight. Come Lord Jesus and inhabit our praise now as we will sing praises to you father God and we will worship you in the preaching of your word. Come and bless us now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. God is good. [Music] In the path of mind, God is good all the time to the dark cast night. His light go shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Let's stand on our feet and sing it to him now. Oh, if you walking through the valley and the shadows all around here, he will guide you. He will give you s. [Music] He has promised to never leave you, nor forsake you. For his word is true. Our God is good all the time. He poured a song of praise in his heart. Oh my. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Oh, he must save us so unworthy. Sleep for us. He chose to die and he filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can testify that his love his everlasting and his mercy it will never end. God is good all the time. The song of praise in this heart of light. God is good all the time. In the dark cast night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Let's just clap our hands now. Oh yes. God is good all the time. He put his son on the tree. In this hide of life, God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. All of one more time now. Oh hallelujah. God is good all the time. He pulled this song of praise down in the heart of mine. God is good all the time in the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Ah, let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. He is pure. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Spring couple. Well, let's sing that song. There's a river of life. Amen. [Music] Let's clap our hands now. [Music] to sing praising. There's a river of life pouring out from Let's sing that again. There's a river of life pouring out of me. He makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. He opened praising. Oh, set the captive free. Oh yeah, there's a river of life pouring out. Oh, spring out well within my soul. Spring up well and make me home. Oh yes, bring up the well and give to me in thy life. I found it. Spring up well. Spring up well within my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Spring up well and give to me in thy life. I found them one more time now. Oh yeah. There's a river of life pouring down. Oh yeah, it makes a little walk and the blind to see. He opened praising doors, set the captive free and there's a river of life pouring out. Oh yes, bring up a well within my soul. Spring up well and make me home. Oh, spring up a well and give to me and I lie. I found it. Oh, spring up a well. Spring up well within my soul. Spring up well and make me home. Oh, spring up well and give to me thy life. aboundingly. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. When the sins go marshing in, we will sing there and uh Brother Eric will come. Praise the Lord. I'm a pagan and a stranger. [Music] I'm a pig and a stranger. I'm wondering this word of sin. Oh, on my way to death city. When the saints go my shing. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go marshing. Oh Lord, I pray to be in the number. Oh, when the singing and oh I know I see my savior and my life is free from sin and heaven will open for me. When the saint go maring. Oh, when the saints go mash it in and when the saints go maring. Lord, I pray to be in the number. When the saint goes and when we gather around God strong and those gates are close with oh there I'll be shouting glory glory. Oh when the saints go. Oh yes. Oh when the saints go. Oh, when the saint go my shing Lord I pray to be in the number and when the saint go my shing now I'm waiting for go tering [Music] on the cloud I rise up to heaven When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. And Lord, I pray to be in the number when the saint go. Let's sing that last verse again. I'm waiting for the rapture to sing. Oh, and I as the cloud I will rise up to heaven. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, I pray to be in the power when the saints go. Let's see. When the bride go. Oh, when the bride go. When the bride go. Oh, I pray to be in the number when the right sh. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's sing that song again. uh with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. [Music] With my hands lifted up [Music] and my mouth fill with praise and with a heart of thanksgiving, [Applause] I will bless thee, Oh Lord. Let's sing that one more time. Yeah. With my hands lifted. Oh, let's lift our hands to the Lord now. Oh yes. And my mouth we pray. And with a heart of thanksgiving. Amen. I just want to thank you, Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Let's sing it together now. Yeah. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Come and speak to us tonight. I will bless thee, oh Lord. And with a heart of thanksgiving, [Music] I will bless thee, oh Lord. Come on, brother Ariel. Yeah. Bless you. Bless you, [Music] heavenly father. Lord, we just want to come before you, Father, tonight, Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. Lord, we just want to say thank you, Lord, Father. If you had not been for your grace and your mercy, Lord Jesus, Father, we wouldn't even be here, Lord God. But we are here because, oh, Father, of a great sacrifice that was made on Calvary. And you died, oh God, for our sin, our trespasses. You justify us. You sanctify us. You fill us with your spirit. Oh God, Father. Lord, we people that were the outcast, oh God, Father, were not even part of your program, oh God, Father, but before the foundation of the world, you knew that Lord will be here and we receive the word, oh father, Lord, for this age. That's why Lord we thank you Lord Father for stepping into this presence in in this place oh Father tonight oh God to minister to us Father Lord may you take the men out of the way oh God Father Lord Jesus you have a message for your people that even myself I'm about to find out oh God lord Jesus Christ I ask oh father that every spirit oh God father that is in this room be under the control of your holy spirit oh father god we give you this service now this service belong to you father take control over everything for your kingdom's sake as we have asked these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. May God bless you tonight. May God bless you. You're happy to be in the house of the Lord. Oh my. I I need you to pray for me. I need help this this evening that the Lord will be able to help us. Uh so not to keep you too long, I will invite you to open the Bible with me in the book of 2 Samuel, 2 Samuel chapter 4. We want to appreciate brother one for allowing us to to be once again here and just to fellowship around the word of God. Just trust that uh something will be said tonight will be of a blessing. Um the reason why I feel a little nervous because you know you know when sometime you pray you just wait for the Lord and and you know you you're waiting for a sign and he's just leading you to a subject that you're not really ready to speak on but yet you have to trust him just the way it is. I I I don't know maybe somebody has a desire tonight that you know uh I just trust that he would take control of everything. 2 Samuel chapter 4. Uh we'll start with uh the the first verse. If the sister can help us projecting the scriptures, that'll be helpful. 2 Samuel 4:1 the Bible says, "And when when Saul's son heard that Abna was dead in uh in in Abram, his hand were feeble, and all Israel were troubled. And Saul's son had two men that were captain of the band. The name of the one was Benna, and the name of the other Ra, the son of Raymon, the Bethroite of the children of Benjamin. For Baroth also was reckoned to Benjamin. And the Barotite fled to Guillotan where surgeon and were surgeon surgeon sorry there until this day. Now I want you to pay attention on verse four. The Bible says, "And Jonathan saw son had a son that was laying in of his feet. He was 5 years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezrael. And his nurse took him up and fled. And it came to pass as she made hers to flee that he fell and became lame. His name was Mphibicheth. I will invite you also to read in the book of Roman chapter 8 verse 28. Roman chapter 8 verse 28. It's a very familiar scriptures. Now the Bible says and we know that all thing you know that just says some things. It says all things work together to them that love God to them who are called according to his purpose. Now we will stop there. You may be seated. How many of us are happy to be in the house of the Lord? As I always believe, we only receive what we expect. How many of us expecting something tonight? You know, God is faithful in his word. He's faithful the way he does things. And every time that we come to his house, we coming with expectation, you know. And uh uh before I even go further, I just want to thank the Lord. And tomorrow will be my birthday. So I just trust that his grace will be able to keep us again. Now I have a thought here that I want to speak on from Lordar to Jerusalem. That would be my title. From Lordar to Jerusale to Jerusalem. Now uh I want to read the first quote that I have here. Unveiling of God. The prophet says something here. It says every see every parable in the Bible, every type of the Bible is made manifest right here before us. How many of us believe that? Now, it says the same God in the pillar of fire that wrote the Bible, both the Old and the New Testament is right here manifesting it. How many of us believe that? showing just exactly what it was interpreting right back and to make it sure that it's the interpretation. So last time that we spoke we spoke about call by name. How many of us enjoyed the word last time? You know it's just to let us know that our name was written before the foundation of the world. You know it's not something that we have done but it's because of his grace and his mercy. You know sometime we think if I do good God will accept me because I have done good. You know that's not the Bible. God knows the end before the beginning. He knows every decision that we made under the earth. He knows your alpha. He knows your omega. How many of us believe that? Amen. So as we are living, we must just trust in him because he knows everything. He has our life under control. But for tonight, I want to just look into the life of this man called Meibushef. How many of us know me? Now if you watch this story here, because God is hidden in types and shadow. We spoke about it last time. So when you're reading the Old Testament, there are many things that are there that speaks of Jesus Christ. His name may not even be mentioned, but it speaks of him. And also the whole plan of redemption is hidden in the Bible. And it's not just about God alone. He involve also you. That's why when you read your Bible, you can feel a certain connection. You know you might be dealing with a situation when you open the Bible here below you you notice that there's a scripture there that speaks of you or that speaks of your your situation. So it means that but the Bible itself is a book that has a hidden parts has a secret that is pertaining to your life. Do you believe this? But for tonight I want to look into the life of meth and I'm sure that you will see your life through that his life for some reason here. Just just bear with me for a minute here. Now if you notice Mphibosf was just five years old uh when the news came to him the tidings that Saul and Jonathan's death came from the battle you know they were coming from a battle and they died right at Gib Giba and you would notice that his nurse because at the time you know if you are part of the you know the the royal lineage of the king if anything happened to your father, right? Or your grandfather, your life is in jeopardy. Do you notice that? But now his nurse heard the death or the tidings, the news that came around that Jonathan and Saul died and the nurse took the little baby really quick and said, "Wow, I mean this one is the hairs of the king of the kingdom." So she took she took the little child and with the right intention to run and hide the child. Are you are you seeing what I'm saying? Amen. So now and while she was trying to take the child and to take care of the child to run away with the child, the little child of 5 years old failed. What a a sad story. What a tra a tragedy. Do you believe that? You know, and you would notice that fearing of of his life, you know, you know, she kept the child and flew away with with with him. Now, the announcement, just the events that happened, the death of Saul and Jonathan brought a new chapter in the life of this little boy. Are you with me? Can you just imagine? You know, he's 5 years old. He's living in the palace and he wakes up in the morning. He hears the news. Of course, he's only five. He doesn't even know know anything. Yeah. But he hears that there's there's something that happened. You know, his maid rush and takes him and and run run with him and he will wonder what what is happening. And the next minute you notice that the child falls on the ground. And he breaks both of his leg. He can't even walk anymore. Can you just imagine this? Yeah. The announcement just the announcement and all these events that are happening rapidly directly had an impact in the life of the little boy physically maybe emotionally psychologically. Are you with me? And he does not understand what has just happened. Yeah. He hears the bad news and the next minutes he falls on the ground and he can't walk. He becomes lame. Yeah. That reminds me of a story of the Bible in Eden is because of a woman that sin enter into the garden of Eden. How many of us believe that? Because of reason. She was reasoning with the word and she fell and the whole human race fell in sin. But you would wonder what had happened. Did she really desire to fall? No. Did the little child me desire or even thought that it will happen in his life that he will fall? Say, let me just stop a little bit here. That has to do also with our own life. If you pay attention, there are things that happen in our life. Sometime we don't know how did it how did we get there. How many of us believe that? Yes. If we can be tonight, I will I will try just to, you know, so that we can stop and take time a little bit. Is that right? Just to think a little bit about our life. Every single one of us are dealing with a situation that we don't even know what we what have we done wrong. Sometimes something happened, you ask yourself, did did I sin? Did my parents sin? Did I do something wrong? You go on your knees, you pray, say, "God, please forgive me. You know, you know my my mind. I never intended to sin. Oh, I I didn't even plan to do this, but it happens." It's the same situation with me. Just a little boy not even thinking about it and it happened. The same thing in the Garden of Eden. Can you imagine a little boy you just born or a little girl you born and automatically everything that from your parents are already attached to your your your your flesh? Are you with me? Yeah. You have not done anything wrong yet. You have not even made a wrong choice yet. You don't teach a little child how to lie. It comes automatically. The child begins to lie. You never taugh a child how to to have temper. It's automatically you you have a child is already dealing with temper because as we spoke last time the human nature is already corrupted because of one woman Eve that disbelieve God's word but you know in all things God has a purpose you know knowing God's purpose keeps you stable in life as a son and a daughter of God you know that all things work for good. At the moment when you're dealing with that situation, it may not seems to be good if we can be honest. You're dealing with a situation that you wanted to say, Lord, I don't understand how this thing happened. But the word of God comes to bring you to that place to realize first of all, I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. And everything that is happening in my life, there is a purpose behind it. I may not know it at that point, but God would show me later on what he's about to do. Amen. Are you with me? I will give you another example. Look for example, Job. Job was a righteous man. He was a good man. What makes him righteous? Because he follow God's way to kill the animal, to sacrifice the animal. There is nothing wrong. If he's seen for instance, he will go and take a lamb and cut the throat by revelation. We talk about revelation. He knew the whole process. But one day he wakes up in the morning. He hears that, "Oh wow, we heard over there your children died and this happened to you. The cattle got burned and he wonder what what did I do wrong?" But behind the scene, there was a conversation between God and Satan that Job did not know about. Amen. You see, God had a purpose in the life of Job. Amen. So, all things work for good to those that love the Lord. That's right. Job was a righteous man before God. Amen. Even God was bragging about him. That's right. Amen. Amen. He was bragging. Oh my goodness. And even Satan said, "Have you seen my servant Job?" Yes. But Job did not know it. He was a man or a woman. He was a normal man like you and I. He had mistakes. He had his ups and down. But saints, when we look at life, the reality of life, we need to apply our life with the word. Amen. If we are sitting here, it's because somehow we have heard the voice of God. And the voice of God is having an influence in our life to realize that God, you have a purpose in my life. Are you with me? Amen. Amen. Mhm. Oh my. Amen. God said all things work for good to them. I want to read a scripture here in the book of Jeremiah chapter 29. God God speak Jeremiah is saying here for God is speaking through Jeremiah says I know the thoughts that I think toward you says the Lord thought of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Amen. This is the thought of God concerning you. Amen. This is not even your own thoughts. You You're not thinking right. God is thinking. He says, "You know what? I have a purpose for this child, for this daughter. I'm going to bring her where I want her to be." But your thought, you not even thinking because you don't even know. But God's purpose will always prevail. Amen. Even when your own abilities when you can't even do it by your own, God has already planned that it would happen. Amen. Amen. That's why saints when things when somebody somebody hurts us in the way of another, we should not blame them. If you are a son and a daughter of God, you should not blame your neighbor. Sure. Right. Because God as a it position in you even if it looks negative, but God has a purpose. Amen. That's right. Amen. So if something happen among us, it should stabil stabilize us as Christians. Amen. We believe that all things happen for good. I may not understand it now, but God has a purpose. That's right. Are you with me? Amen. Now open the open the Bible with me please in second 2 Samuel chapter 9 verse one. You know I will read a little bit the Bible so that we can you know somebody will catch something out of this the scriptures. Amen. I I think I'm approaching a little differently tonight, but I I just pray that this will be a blessing to someone. Amen. Are you with me? And David says, "Is there any that's after the death of Jonathan and and and and so his father? Is that right?" And David says, "Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul that I may show him kindness for Jonathan's sake?" Are you with me? How many of us how knows how Saul was seeking to kill David? How many of us know that? But there was a relationship between David and Jonathan. Are you with me? Amen. Now sometime the good work of the parents follow the children. You know that I just had to throw it that you know the Bible says Jonathan loved David as his lo as he loved his own soul. That's right. Can you imagine Jonathan seeing his father going against David? But by revelation, Jonathan could see Dave as his brother. He says, "No, this guy will be king." Yeah. He has the nature of the king's anointed to be king. When nobody will see anything but Jonathan has had the revelation. Can you imagine that's your father in the throne? [Music] But Jonathan said, "I do believe in David. David, you are a king. There is something special about you in your life on your life. Are you with me? Oh my. He had a clear provision of David coming to power. Oh greatness. No jealousy whatsoever. You know sometime we have a lot of spirit of jealousy. We come to church you know we still have jealousy against our neighbor. You know Cain and and and and Abel jealousy was at the altar. It was at a place a gathering where people were coming to worship. So you cannot say if we come to church then nobody has jealousy. We still we still have to deal with that. That's right. There are people that are coming to church with jealousy. Your prayer cannot be answered. Hallelujah. Our prayer cannot be answered with the spirit of jealousy in our heart. When we come into the altar, we must die to that spirit. Are you with me? Oh my. That's an example of a good friendship. That was his dad. That was his biological father. But he was willing to to forsake his own family. He was willing to forsake his own family for the purp for the revelation that he has received. Amen. Amen. Oh my. And he knew that David was innocent when his father was following him. Hallelujah. Because he tried David many time. He knew that he was innocent. Let me just stop a little bit here. You don't have to prove to everybody that you're innocent. That's right. There are somebody that is watching you who know that you are innocent. At least God will have one witness. Amen. You know the truth is so stubborn. Hallelujah. The truth is stubborn. If you are living right, you don't have to argue. You don't have to prove anything. You just stay there and wait. Even if there were hatred sin against you, stand alone. Praise the Lord. Amen. Stand alone. Amen. The truth is stubborn. You know, my my dad usually use a statement. He says, "A lie takes the elevator and gets there first." He says, "But the truth takes the stairs." Do you understand that concept? Yes. It takes time, but the truth will come out eventually. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. David had a revelation that sorry, Jonathan had a revelation that David was anointed to be king. Amen. Let's continue the reading here. Oh my. David here is seeking, right? The the the the uh I think that was verse one. David is still seeking to reward the descendant of Saul. In other word, he was looking at the covenant that he made with Jonathan. Are you are you with me? Amen. Amen. The the Bible is is beautiful. Verse two. And there was of the house of Saul a a servant whose name was Zeba. Are you with me? And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, thou Zeba, it says, he says, that servant is he? And the king said, Is there yet any of the house of Saul that that I may show kindness of God unto him? And Zeba said unto the king, Jonathan had yet a son, which is lame on his feet. You know, the Bible does not just put words like this. It makes it emphasizes on things that you need to pay attention. Why would he mention that specifically? Amen. Amen. Amen. You know sometime in our own life we are lame of something. Yes. It can be a habit. It can be something that has been lingering in our life for so long. That's right. That we want to we need to get rid of it. That's right. Because saints, this house is a house of judgment. You don't have to wait for judgment. This is the time that I need to get all the judgment as possible. I don't want to have a problem at the river. Are you with me? I don't want to have a problem at a river. When all my spirit and my body shuts down, I cannot make things right. And once I have an opportunity to speak, I must make things right. Amen. Amen. Amen. May God help us. Oh my. Things are mentioned. This child is broken. He can't walk. is something that seems to be negative, right? But yet he has to be mentioned. Are you with me? Amen. Verse four. And the king said unto him, where is he? And Zeba said unto the king, behold, he is in the house of Mashia, the son of Am in Labore. Are you with me? Right. My title here is from Labar to Jerusalem. Okay. Thank you, Lord. All right. I want you just to catch this for a minute here. Now, after the death of soul, that little child had lost everything. Are you with me? Right. Now, even the lineage of descendant of the the it couldn't be even if it was a heir. It was a a son of a king. Yeah. That was in his gene, right? But at that moment it was nothing. He lost every privileges. The same way when Eve fell in the garden of Eden and Adam they lost everything. The prophet will say that the title deed went back to the original owner. They lost everything. For the matter of fact they were forbidden to touch of the tree of life. They were separated from the tree of life. Amen. Hallelujah. Now for you to receive something grace of God, you have to acknowledge from where you have fallen first. Amen. You know many of us are born in a message with so holy that we don't know what the grace of God means. You give me somebody that was stuck in drugs and drinking alcohol being delivered. When God touches their heart, they know exactly what the grace of God means. Amen. Amen. If you have not done anything, and I'm not advising somebody to do something. I'm just saying that if you have done some something wrong, the judge is standing there. It says, you know, I'm ready to judge you. But yet the same judge, he becomes your attorney. My he becomes your advocate. Thank you, Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. And said you have not done anything. You are justified to me. I can't even have a record of that. That's what grace is. Because this child called me was he lost everything. Actually he was hiding. Thank you. And that location was called Lore. Are you with me? Amen. He belonged at that moment. He belonged to a rejected house of soul. No hope. He lost everything. But now he never also expected that David will send somebody to come and rescue him. Now let's just stop a little bit here. I did some research. What is what does the word Labar means? Labar is a town in Manasse in Gilead east of Jordan. The word debar means no word. No word. Okay. No pasture, no fellowship, unfruitful. So the place that me went, it was at the place where there was no word. It was dry. No pasture whatsoever. No fruit, unfruitful. Let me put it that way. Yeah. Barren. Yeah. No life. Isolated in that condition. Are you with me? He was living out his day in obscurity, in darkness, fear, depression. Can you imagine Adam and Eve as soon as they left the garden of Eden he start feeling headache this was the estate that men when he fall he fell in the garden of Eden right you know Mphibosf was the son of a king and because of the event he felt even at the lowest place are you with me that's right amen Now watch this. He was at a place where there was absolutely nothing. Maybe he could eat with the dogs. Maybe, you know, it's like the the the the the child that wasted everything that his father gave him. He was eating with the pigs. We start doing things in our own life, you know. We stop lying, cheating, drinking, smoking, living all kind of life because we are down there in lore where there's no word, unfruitful, barren. That's right. Nobody can come to get us in that position. You might come probably tonight from a broken family. Are you with me? Amen. Abuses, curses, generational curses that is still haunting your life. You know, brother Brenham identified three things that has a a a source of influence in our life. I'll mention those three things. One, you mentioned about the zodiac sign that you were born under. There is a power from the zodiac sign. Every zodiac sign, they have a certain nature. It talks about the country that you were born in and also the family that you were born in. There are things that we inherit from our families. There are spirits that we carry because of the place, the location we grew up in. And also the sign that we're born under. So all these three are having an influence into our life. Are you with me? So true. May God help us. Amen. Many of us coming from different broken family, different issues in here and there. But let me tell you something. Our God specializes. Amen. Amen. In impossible stuff like that. When it looks like it's totally dark, like there's not even a way for you to come out of it. But God specializes in impossible cases. Thank you, Lord. Amen. For you to enjoy the light, you have to be completely in darkness. Oh yes. Yes. Amen. Amen. But God has spoken into darkness. It says, "Let there be light." And there was light. May the word of God speak to us that wherever how it doesn't matter how dark we are, that the word of God will quicken the seed where it's laying in in the darkness. Lord, do you believe this? Our God specializes. Amen. Saints, don't bring just little those little little tiny needs before God. Brings those big ones that seems to be impossible. Because he specializes in those kind of cases. Amen. Oh my. You must ask for big things. Amen. Amen. We are the sons and the daughter of the king. Huh? Amen. Glory be to God. Amen. He spoke to Abraham. It says, "Is there anything too hard for the Lord?" No. No. No. He makes a way where there's no way. Who could ever imagine that he was able to speak to Moses? And then the water open. He says, "Why are you afraid? What are why you crying? Speak the word." Amen. Ever for the first time, we see the water of completely opening people back. millions of people cross the the the Red Sea. Amen. This is the God that we serving. He he special I'm repeating that again. He specializes in this kind of cases. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Number 11 23. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Is the Lord's hand wack short? Thou shalt see how whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not. This is our God. Amen. When he says something, you stay on it. It will happen. Amen. Amen. It will happen. Thank you, Lord. You know, if you read the Bible, Aaron had a road. How many of us knew that Aaron had a road before the presence of the the the glory? Yeah. That a dry stick bats forth and broke forth flowers. That's right. Lift in that presence. If a dry stick, Amen. before that presence of the shakina glory can bring forth how much more you Yeah, that's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Say, let me say this. You are sitting under the atmosphere. The same second kind of glory is here tonight the same way. What is hindering God to do something is our unbelief. Amen. Is because we don't want to believe him. Oh yes. Say let me tell you something. We can leave tonight completely changed tonight if we believe. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Oh my in letter bar there's no there's no nothing actually absolutely nothing there but God has promised amen you know he needed pasture he needed a land covered with grass right because over there wherever he was there was no food nothing no pasture whatsoever unfruitful maybe tonight you are unfruitful in your ways Mhm. You tried this is not working. Oh yes. Let me tell you, we have a God that is able to open doors. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Oh my. There is a place of abundance. There's a place of abundance. It is in the word of God. Psalm chapter 23 says, you know, Psalms of David, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He make me lie down in what? In green pasture. Amen. He leadeth me beside the still water. He restore my soul. He leadeth me in the path of righteousness for his name's sake. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. For thou art with me, thy staff, they comfort me. Thou prepareth a table before me in the presence of the my enemies. that I anointed my head with oil and my cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me. Hallelujah. All the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Amen. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Yes. Said, "If you're expecting me to mention different things, I can only take the word of God and I can only prophesy the word of God to you for you to believe." Amen. I can't present you anything else. There is a word. The word has power enough to change your life around. I'm not here to please anybody. I'm just saying the word of God. I'm only repeating what God said. Because there is power in it. Are you with me? Amen. There was a covenant that was made between David and Jonathan. 1st Samuel 20:14. And thou shall not only while yet I I leave, show me the kindness of the Lord that I die not, but also thou shalt not cut off my thy kindred from my house forever. No, not when the Lord has cut off the enemy of David, everyone from the face of the earth. So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David saying, "Let the Lord ever require it at the hands of David enemy." There was a covenant that was signed here between David and Jonathan. Are you with me? Yeah. And now Jonathan has died. David remembers now. He remembers his covenant. Are you with me? Yeah. Amen. Now in the book of numbers verse 30 verse uh chapter 30:2 if a man vow a vow unto the Lord or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond he shall not break his word. He shall do according to all that precedth out of his mouth. Yeah. That's right. Amen. Can you imagine David kept his promise? Mhm. Do you think God will compromise his promise? Brother, are you with me? He said, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall never pass away." Amen. Are you with me? 2 Samuel 22 31. As for God, his way is perfect. The word of the Lord is tried. Amen. He is a blet to all that trust in him. Amen. Amen. He is a protection for those that trust in him. Amen. If David could keep his commandments, how much more our God he cannot break what he said. Amen. He cannot change his mind concerning his word. You know, God also made a promise. He swore by himself to Abraham that thy seed shall possess all the gate of the enemy. So if we have a seed of Abraham here, you able to possess all the gates of your enemy. Because God swore and he could not swear by enemy. There's nobody above him. He had to swear by himself. That's right. Amen. He cannot break his word. It is impossible for God to lie. Amen. He cannot lie, saints. Amen. You stay there. Give Oh, glory to God. Stay there until it happened. [Music] Are you with me? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Verse five. Then the king David sent, watch this. Very important. David said, "And then David, King David sent and fetch him out of the house of Masher, the son of Amile from Lobar." In other words, the word to fetch out means to take something out of, to get in out of something. Siege, bring out. Seeking someone intentionally. Okay. Glory to God. Hallelujah. God is intentional. That's right. Amen. When he's seeking his children is intentional. That's right. Amen. He says, "Fetch him out of that place." Amen. You know, let's stop a little bit. Am let's look. Let's let's look at the scripture again. Am was one of the spies from Dan who perished in the plague of his evil report. This man here. So Mphibichef was in the house of unbelief. Are you catching this? Because out of the 12, right, every single one from every tribe, only Joshua and Caleb, but this guy was among the unbelievers. Wow. So, Mphibosf was in the house of unbelief. He was born in the midst of a mess up. If we were to trust every grandfather of ours, they were not Christian. Yeah, that we were Oh, glory to God. In our sin, unbelief was there. But God had a seed. You see, you were brought you biologically, you came from your grandfather. Amen. But the seed that was there was not from that. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. Thank you. Hallelujah. That's when God when he elect, he can go even deep when there's darkness. Is is seeking in darkness. Amen. You can have different habits in your your your flesh. You're still struggling with things from the your your parents and all of it still is still having a hold on you. But the seed is there. And he's still calling you by your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. That's right. Amen. Amen. Oh my. F him out of the house of unbelief. F him out of the the house of fear, of negativity, the house of bondage. It does not belong to the house of unbelief. That's right. That's not his place. Amen. Fed him out of it. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You know, he lived in Laabar for 17 years. Wow. You know, number 17 in the numerology of God means a change. That's right. It's a season of change. Is the change of system. You know, the Bible is so Oh my goodness. when he reached the seven the 17th year. There was a year of change, he had to be fetched out of that place. That's right. Are you with me? Right. But let me just stop a little bit here. Let's let let's dig into this word. Let let's look at Mashir, right? Masher here. The word masher means sold or seller. One whom is already sold. Someone that is already sold to unbelief. Wow. Are you with me? Amen. Uhoh. The house of Mashia, right? It was already sold to unbelief. Wow. That was the place where Mphibichef was. Are you with me? Yeah. That's right. But let's look at the name Mibushef. There you go. Meibosf means exterminating the idol. Hallelujah. Exterminator of shame. That's right. Amen. You see his Oh, glory to God. His purpose in life was to destroy idols. Hallelujah. Even if he was stressing back from his family, but yet in him, his name, his identity was to destroy his enemy. Amen. Are you with me? Yes. Amen. His true identity, his true character was he was he was predestinated to destroy shame [Music] to exterminate idols. That's what the Bible sometime if you if you study the book of Kings, there's a father that will live wrong and get into idol. There's one child that will come out of that. He would destroy all the altar of bail. Amen. Amen. because he was a child that was anointed to destroy the enemy. Oh my. I'm I love breaking the cycle. I'm a strong believer of that. I don't believe in sorcery. Even though they exist, but they have no power over my life. There's no demon in hell that can touch an elect of God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. We can sleep in the same bed, but they have no control over me. Amen. Amen. Don't fear them, saints. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, glory to God. We are the children of God. We were we were born with a a price. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. That that's what I believe. Amen. Amen. You know he he did not belong there but due to the circumstances of life due to the mistake of his nurse due to the mistake of what happened in the garden of Eden. The the fall had crippled him. His first birth was already compromised. I'm glad that God sent his only begotten son, our Lord Jesus Christ, the offspring of David, die. And now he sent he sent a messenger zipper, the Holy Spirit to go seek for the one that was lost. You know, the restoration of the bride, but the brother calls it a reinforcer of the claim. He goes to enforce the claim. He says, "Take it back. I need to take my child back where he belong. So he sent the Holy Ghost to go and seek for the elect. That's right. You might be in Labor, but the Holy Spirit is seeking you tonight. Thank you, Lord. He's telling you, come out of the house of bondage. Come out of that sin with deliverance. Be separated from the things of the world. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. A voice in Revelation 18:4, I heard another voice from heaven says, "Come out of her, my people." That ye be not partakers of her sin. Amen. 2 Corinthians chapter 6:14, "Be ye not unequally yoke unequally yolked together with unbelievers." For what fellowship as righteousness with unrighteousness? That's right. And what communion as light with darkness? That's right. And what a has Christ with billia? Oh, what part is he that believeth with an affidel? And what agreement is the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them. I will be their God. They shall be my people. Therefore, come out among them. Be ye separated, says the Lord. Touch not your uncle things. I will receive you. Right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Come out of the system. Sure. Jezebelism, balance, balamism. Amen. You know, our sister need to live a certain way. There must be a difference between the women out there and here. There must be a difference. The men here are must be different than the men out there. The way we carry our family should be different. The way we behavior must be different. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We have a purpose. Hallelujah. We are the sons of the daughter of God. Amen. Now watch this. Verse six. Now Mibos, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, came unto David. He fell on his face and did reverence. And David said, Mibos, he answered, "Behold thy servant, bowing with reverence." You can only have reverence for the word of God when you know where we came from and the privilege, the un undeserved grace that you have received. Amen. Amen. He did not go over there and say, "Whoa, I'm I'm the son of the king's soul. I'm the great No. He bow himself down. I'm not worthy to come in your presence. I'm not worthy to be here." Amen. Amen. He bowed down with reverence. See now watch this. Verse seven. David said unto him, "Fear not." God is speaking to you. Fear not. For I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan the father's sake. I will restore thee all the land of soul thy father. and thou shall eat at my table continually. Amen. He lost his position. Yeah. But mercy have come to him. And God sent a messenger. That's right. Malachi 4 with a message to get you out of the Babylonian system to get you into the body of Jesus Christ. And the only way you can join the body is by the new birth. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. You must be born in a family. Hallelujah. That's why God is calling us is restoring us back. Amen. We came from families that have been compromising sin and different things, but God has given us grace. Amen. a special grace. Amen. So every time that we reject that grace, we're going far away from God. But God is inviting you tonight. Leave lot of bar. I've already sent a messenger to fetch you out of that system. You cannot say, "Oh, I did not know." I'm telling you now tonight, church, he has sent a messenger with a message. Amen. To bring you back. Actually the ministry of Elijah is to restore. Amen. Right. Is to restore the altar. Amen. And to res to bring you back into the faith from the faith of the children to the the faith of the father, the the Pentecostal father. Amen. Amen. It's the time of restoration. Amen. It's the time of restitution of all things. This is the time. I wish I had more time to read that scripture. time. This is the time of restoration. Joel chapter 2 verse 28. My And it shall come to pass after, I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your son, your daughter shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams. Your young men shall see vision and also upon the servant upon the headmade. In those day, I will pour out my spirit. Right? And Peter's sermon on the day of Pentecost, it says, "But this is that." This is that that Joy spoke about. That's right. The Holy Spirit is available. Amen. You know, if you have the desire to receive the Holy Spirit, you don't that desire did not just come randomly like that. Because there is something that is seeking for the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Amen. Jesus says, you know, blessed are they that seek for righteousness, those they shall be filled. Those that hunger, right? Those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they shall be filled. If you thirst something, you know, when you are thirsty, it doesn't mean that you don't have water in you. It doesn't mean that your body does not have water when you're thirsty. You just need more of it. There's already water in your body, but you need more of it. There is a part of God that is already you but you testing for more of that thing that is there. Thank you. Are you are you catching this thing? So if you you desiring the Holy Spirit means that there is something in there. You need more of that. Saints if there is a time that the church need to seek for the baptism the Holy Ghost is now. We are at the closing hour of the history of the world. Everything is happening. If you if you've been listening to the news, it's happening. Glory to God. But God gave us the spirit that we can stay in prayer and say, "Lord, I need it now." Then we will all be very consecrated to God. Even if we cannot do it by ourself, let's stay there until it happen. If you are still struggling, stay a little longer in prayer. Have prayer meeting. Fast. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ask for God. Ask for the brother's brother, pray for me. I'm fighting also on my knees. It's not, "Oh, brother, pray for me." And I'm I'm on social media playing games. No, I have to be there too waiting until the Holy Ghost comes. While other brothers are also praying, they pray together. God can see they are together. Oh yes. God can decide one Sunday or one Wednesday. Oh yes. and to pour the Holy Spirit upon this place. Amen. That our young people will be changed. Hallelujah. You know, I believe that something is happening in this place. Amen. I believe that something is happening. I don't know if somebody's catching this. Something is happening right now. Cuz God is preparing his bride and she's making herself ready. Amen. Yes. Are you with me? Can you imagine if you read the book of Joel where we just read, it says, "I will restore to you the year that the locust has eaten. The conquer, the conqueror worm, the caterpillar and the palmer worm, my great army which I sent among you." There were four insect that came to destroy that tree. God also said, let me read the first quotes there. The second quote rather. Oh my. Can we go fast and then we'll close. You love the Lord. How many of us love the Lord? Oh my. He's worthy. Now watch this. It says, "If four messengers of death kill the tree, four messengers of life restores the tree." Amen. Do you get it? Amen. Amen. For God said, "I will restore it." That's God's word. That is so by himself that he will restore. Amen. Watch this. He's going to restore it. How? By four death messenger like kill it. Then four life messenger will restore it. What was the first? Martin justification. What was the second? John Wesley but sanctification. And what was the third? Pentecostal with the restoration of the gift. the Holy Ghost. Baptism, right? Of the Holy Ghost. What was the fourth? But the Bam says the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You understand this? The word with what? The ministry of Malachi 4. Amen. Amen. And Elijah has to bring back the full word. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And let me tell you something. The word is open. Let's read Revelation chapter 10. I'm going to close with this. Revelation chapter 10. God is restoring his bride. Amen. It's happening now. Yeah. Amen. You can't say, "Oh, brother, I don't know what you are talking about. The words are the word of God is open. The seals are open. You have it on your phone. You can study it. You can pray about it. and God to reveal you to you. It's open. How many of us believe that? Revelation chapter 10. Oh my. I'm going a different direction, but I trust that the Lord will be able to help us. Wow. Revelation chapter 10 verse one. And I saw a mighty angel come down from heaven. That's the covenant angel. That was Christ clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head. And his face was as it were the sun, as his feet, as the pillar of fire, as a fire, sorry. He had in his hand a little book open. In Revelation chapter 7, uh five, the book was closed. Nobody was ready to look. We talked about it last time. This now the book is open. Are you with me? And he he he set his right foot upon the sea. The beast that was coming out of the out of the sea, it actually has his his right foot on it, right? And his left foot on the the earth, the the the beast that was coming out of the the the earth and he cried out with a loud voice. And when a as when a lion roethth and when he had cried, seven thunder alters the voice. What other thunders are the voice of God? Are you with me? Amen. They are the voice of God. Amen. And when the seven thunders had altered their voice, I was about to write and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders and utter and write them not." Are you with me? And the angel which are still standing upon the sea and upon the earth lift up his hand to heaven. What did he do? He swear by himself. But by him that liveth forever and ever. Who created the heaven and the things that are there in art and the earth and the things that are there in art and the sea and the things that are there in our in uh and there should be time no longer. Are you with me? Are are you here with me? Verse seven. But but amen. It says, "But amen. In the days of the voice, of the seventh angel, when it shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servant what the prophets." Amen. He spoke to Daniel about this. He says, "Seal up the book. Yeah, it will be revealed at the end. At the end when this this time that we talking about the book is open. Hallelujah. Amen. The book that contains your name on it is open. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. But this is the time where God is dealing now with his church. Zipper came, he was sent, are you with me? Amen. To fetibosef out of little and now Mibos, let's read this and we'll close. Verse N. And the king called Zipper saw servant and said unto him, I have given unto thee thy master son all let me let me see a little bit here. Let me continue. That's fine. I have given unto thy servant son all that that pertain to soul and to his house all his house. Thou therefore thy son and thy servant shall tilt the land for him. You know, and thou shalt bring in the fruit and thy master son may have food to eat. But mef thy servant's son shall eat bread always at my table. Now Ze, can you imagine this? He became as the son of the king. Now let's go to 12. And Mephibosef had a young son whose name was Mikah. And all that dwelt in the house of Zepha was servant unto me. So Mphibichef dwell in Jerusalem. Amen. Right. Are you with me? And he did it continually at the king's table and was laying on both of his feet. Amen. Do you see grace of God? Are you seeing this? Amen. In Jerusalem, God's city, the city of peace, the city of restoration. Are you with me? Now he's dealing with healing from his wound. Not he was always lame. is he's physically lame, but his emotional side too is being healed now. The more he's eating the word of God in contact with the word of God is bringing healing. Cuz God had already sent his only son to die for you. The price has already been paid. The only thing is for you to go back to your position. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You might have hurt in your life. I'm closing. But the word has come to heal those wounds. Amen. Amen. God is dealing with every single one of us hearts. If we were to talk about what we are dealing with in our own life, some of us probably close our ears. I don't want to hear it. But we are sitting here because grace and grace with grace is here this evening. Don't get discouraged. Amen. I did not plan it the way I spoke, but I trusted the Lord. This was a blessing to you. Maybe somebody is dealing with something. They're getting discouraged. I want to encourage you tonight. Don't give up. We serving a mighty God that is able to change your situation the same way he did for meth. He can also do it for you. Shall we stand, please? Amen. Thank you. How many of us are willing to trust that God and said, "Lord, no matter what I'm struggling with, I still trust in you, Lord. I'm weak in my body. I I have mistakes. I have failures, but Lord, I want to give you my heart. If I fail yesterday, let me try again. God, please give me that grace." You know if you're here to hear this message is because he has reached down. His hand is not short. It can reach exactly where you are. He knows the deepness the the deepness of your heart. He knows even your intention. Say Lord I just give you my heart at this moment tonight. Lord I give you everything. I will try again. I will fight again. I will stay at the altar a little longer. I will pray a little longer until you change me because I know you want to take me out of Laabar to bring me to Jerusalem the place of peace. A place where I can get healing. Oh, glory to God. He's here tonight. Take my heart, oh God. Let it [Music] change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Really mean it from the heart. Let's sing it again. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. That's true. Father, change my heart. Oh God, may I be like, you are the power. Amen. You are the I am. Hold me and make me Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. This is what I pray. Hallelujah. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Change my mind, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. If you have a need in your heart, you can show it with your uplifted hand. God sees the desire behind our heads. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, yes, Father. Glory to God. Father, we want to thank you Lord Jesus. How your spirit has just come in a special way tonight. Yes. that we can see, that we can know your intention is to restore us back where we have fallen from. There are many things that we may not understand at this point. But oh God, your word is echoing back again. We should trust you. We should trust you. We should believe in your word. Lord, your people are here and me included. We have our hand lifted to you. We need a special touch from you, Father. You know our weaknesses. You know our ups and downs, Lord God. But as we are in your presence, oh Father, we know that you will touch us. That you'll bring a change in our life. Oh God, may you change our language from negativity to positivity. That Oh God, let the weak says I'm strong. Oh God, let the poor said I'm rich. Lord, let me confess your word and your word alone. Oh God, here we are your people. Father, if we have sin against you, Lord, may you please forgive us, Lord. Because there is still a blood available tonight, Lord God, to atone for our sin. That's why, Lord Jesus, we yield our heart. We heal our desire. We desire our we yield our will to you God that you can have preeminence that you can have authority and full control. Father, may you have preeminence over the life of every single one of us. If there is anybody, oh God, tonight that is still bound in sin. Lord God, Father, we have an enforcing claim tonight the Holy Spirit that is dealing with heart tonight. Oh God, may you go and touch every single heart according to their need. If there's any special needs, oh God, the word tells us that you specializes in cases that are impossible, oh God, that's why we are here to trust you. That you'll be able to bring those things to come to pass according to your will, oh God. Father, may the great Holy Spirit, oh God, Father, comes into this room as your people are crying for mercy, Father, may you touch them, oh God. and you change them that every demon power coming from hell in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Satan, we are telling you to leave this place and leave the people of God. Oh, glory be given back to God. Lord, you are worthy. You have taken the book. You have broken the seal. Oh God, Father, liberty has been declared that your children can go free. That's why father we thank you Lord for what you have done in this me in this time with the message of the hour that you have sent through the month of Malachi 4 Lord God we believe that Lord God that this message will quicken our mortal body Lord God we quicken our spirit oh God and we know that you able to do it to us father we thank you father we appreciate you bless this moment as we give everything to you bless your servant bless your people God as we have asked these things in Jesus Christ's name amen Amen. God bless you. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Let's sing that one more time. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Do you appreciate the word tonight? Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. That was wonderful. We thank the Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord. I'll reserve my comments. The the time is fast spent and uh let's just take a song yet and we will be dismissed. Amen. And uh praise the Lord. You come late. Sister Grace, we took this early. She's thanking the Lord for sister Aby's birthday. Amen. So we want to thank the Lord with her. Amen. Praise the Lord. Happy birthday, Abby. Your uncle told me. So we took it earlier during the time of prayer. Amen. Amen. We want to just thank the Lord. That was that was wonderful word tonight. Amen. That was wonderful word. That was wonderful word. All to God unchanging hands. Blessing there and we be dismissed tonight. Oh to God's unchanging hands and hold to God on changing hand. Fill your hope on things s. [Music] Oh to God changing hand. Oh to God on changing hand. [Music] Oh to God on changing. Let's build your hope on fainting talent. Oh to God unchanging. Trust in trust in him who will not be in you. Why so never thy hear me pray? [Applause] My every single [Music] to hold to God on changing hands. [Music] to God on changing hand. Build your hope on fainting. Oh to God a changing hand [Music] and life is worth thy be [Music] to him the heavenly treasure. [Music] He will never pass away. [Music] Oh to God on changing hands. Oh to God on changing hand. [Music]
