################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 524 Sat. Service Bro. Joe Adams- Power Restored to the Church Predestinated for Quickening Power - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    5/24 Sat. Service: Bro. Joe Adams- Power Restored to the Church: Predestinated for Quickening Power
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KjhGfRkFSQ
========================================

Description:
Online Saturday Service starts at 7:00pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Your grace, your grace and mercy have brought me through. I'm leaving this moment because of you. I want to tell you and praise you, too. Your grace and mercy Your grace and seek and follow me through. I'm leaving this moment because of you. I want to tell you and praise to you your grace and mercy. Can you sing that with me along? Your grace. your grace and mercy and all if I'm leaving this moment is all because of you. Oh, I want to tell you and praise you because your grace and mercy. Hallelujah. There's all your grace and mercy. for grace and mercy and be if I believe in this [Music] moment because you want to tell you praise you Oh, your grace and [Music] mercy. Hallelujah. It's because of his grace and his mercy that we are here. and peace. I care at this my way when I see whatever my lot. Oh, whatever the [Music] th is well. It is well, my soul. It is well. It is well. with my soul. It is well. It is [Music] well. You sing once again. It is well. Oh, it is well. We [Music] must in my soul. Can we sing together? No satan, no sense should tri [Music] [Music] The cross says all my bless [Music] is my soul. My soul is well. It is [Music] well. Can we sing it is well? Oh, it is well. [Music] with my [Music] soul. Oh, it is worth. It is worth my soul. My sin, my sin. All the blaze of his [Music] glorious [Applause] [Music] my is nailed to the cross. his name to the cross and I will be with the [Music] Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh well with my [Music] soul. It is well. It is well in my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. It is my soul. Yes, it [Music] is. Oh, with my [Music] soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We uh are grateful to be together. We want to thank the Lord for giving us another opportunity that we can come together this evening and uh just um worship the rising savior. Worship the rising savior. make a memorial a memory of his goodness and his love and and grace and uh let's just pray together before we we uh sing few songs here. Heavenly father we just want to uh thank you tonight Lord for giving us another opportunity to come together father Lord in fellowship around the reveal word. Thank you for your blessings oh God. Thank you for your love for God and thank you father Lord for your goodness almighty God. We will pray tonight Lord Jesus. We just ask that you will come in a special way Lord come in a special way tonight father God and just uh break your word of God and break your presence in our midst Lord Father something God Lord Jesus that oh Father God we make this uh Saturday night a memorial to us. We want to pray and remember Lord God, Father, all those Lord that are streaming into the service tonight that your grace Lord Jesus will will just be father God with each and every one of us now. Those that are on their way coming also Lord may you hasten their steps. Oh father, we love you. We thank you. We appreciate you father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. down at the cross where my savior died. Let's sing there tonight. [Music] Oh yes. Down at the cross where my savior died. Down where from sin s from sin I cry. Oh yes to my heart. We sing reje to his glorious name to our glory to his name. Oh my go Jesus so [Music] sweet. We glory to his name. Glory to God. Glory to his name and to my heart. We sing to his name. Heat. Heat. Glory [Music] to my heart. Glory to this mountain. [Music] Oh yes. Glory to God. [Music] to my heart and glory to Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. to his name. Oh to my heart we sing glory to you. Glory to you. [Music] into my heart was the glory to his name. Praise the Lord. There's a river of life. Let's sing there tonight. [Music] [Music] There's something pouring out of me. It's a little to see [Music] open my soul for Now bring up and get to me. Give to [Music] me. Oh my [Music] go give me something to walk and a night to see. Crazy set the free as a river of life for spring my soul spring out for well and spring up for well and get to me give to me thy I want spring up. Spring up for my soul. Spring up and make me bring up and get to me. Oh yes. One more time. Oh yeah. It's a river of life pouring down on me to walk and the light to see. He openly praising host [Music] set of life. Yes. Spring up with me my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Spring up well and get to be on thy [Music] life daily. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful savior we serve tonight. Praise the Lord. You know, when you have me as a song leader, you don't know what to expect. I say that all the time, but let's just uh have a wonderful time tonight. Amen. Let's just praise the Lord. Amen. And uh it's good to have our brother Joe Adams with us tonight. It's been a long time wanted him to come and and just uh minister to us. So, it's a good thing to have him here tonight. And uh we just uh pray that the Lord will will uh just give him the spirit of liberty to preach to us tonight. you know uh uh bring the word in such a way that uh you know we can see ourself uh reflected in the light of the word. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this song and uh uh I'm pressing on the awkward way. [Music] I'm pressing on the upward mind. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. [Music] I'm pressing on heat of war with new heart I give in every [Music] day I'm walk my feet on higher ground. Oh, lift me up and let me stand my faith of heaven in table land and higher place that I have found. Open my feet on higher ground. I've had my soul desire to stay where thou srise and fear dism me. No worries about my pray. My head is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my feet on heaven. and table there at higher place where I have found Lord my feet on higher ground. I want to steal the most high and cast your glowy bright I pray till heaven I found. Lord lead me on to higher ground. Oh, lifts me up and lets me stand my feet on heaven in table land and higher plate that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Oh Lord, lift me up. And let me stand my feet on hand and high your gra that I have found. Lord claim my feet on high your ground my heart. My heart has more desire to stay worth thou arise and fear this man. Though some [Music] neighbor my head is high your ground. Oh, lift me up and let me stand my faith in table land and high your place where I have found. Oh, climb my feet on high your [Applause] ground. Oh, thank you, Jesus. That's what we want tonight. Amen. Amen. That the Lord will just plan us right on that word. Amen. Praise the Lord, Lord. Just plant my feet on higher [Music] ground. Praise the [Music] Lord. Let me find another song we can sing here and then we can see how we can trust the Lord to come and minister to us tonight. Praise the Lord. And uh what a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Have you been to Jesus for those cleansing power? Let's sing that hymn tonight. Are you watching the blood of the lamb? Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] Oh, have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you watching the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you holy, trusted in Christ's grace this hour? Are you watching in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you in the blood in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? I go spless are the white as you wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you washing healing by the savior son? How you wash in the blood of the lamb to your rest each man in Christ crucified. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you in the blood and in the soul facing blood of the lamb? Are your garments confessed? Are they watch? Are you watching the blood of the lamb? Oh, when the bridegroom come, will your be wine in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the passion right and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you one in the blood in the soul facing blood of the lamb? I your bless are you washed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, those come and I say we sing and be washed in the blood of the lamb. There's a fountain ping for the soul of flame. For be watching the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you in the blood and in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb and glory? Are your garments for blessed white as are you watching the blood of the lamb? Oh, how you are in the blood in the souling blood of the lamb. And I your garments spotless proud and white has soul. Are you watching the blood of the lamb? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We want the watching of the water by the word tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. We want all to just come and uh uh speak to us in a special way tonight. Praise the Lord. We continue to worship the Lord here and then uh just ask his blessings uh upon the rest of the service. Greetings from brother Ben and sister Alice tonight and u they have been mother's funeral this morning. So uh we just want to pray that the Lord will continue to strengthen them strengthen them and uh keep them while they are away and uh we just we just thank the Lord for that tonight. I bless your name. God bless you. [Music] I give you all. Oh, we give you praise. You are the Lord. the truth and the way. Oh yes, I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name. Let's just worship him now. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name, Lord. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name, Lord. I give you [Music] honor. I give you praise. You are the [Music] life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's sing one of those [Music] versid if you find in the grave in your Reach out [Music] in defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. Oh yes. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Lord, we gave you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. Oh yes, I bless your name. Thank you, Jesus. I bless your name, Jesus. You are the center of my joy. That's why we are here for tonight. Thank you Lord. You the heart of my contentment. Oh for all I do. Oh Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Oh yes, sweet Jesus, you are the center of my joy. [Music] Oh Jesus, all that's good and perfect comes from [Music] you. You the heart of my contentment move for all I do. Sweet Jesus, you are the center of my Let's sing that one more time now. Oh, sweet Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Yes, Lord, you are. Yes, Father. All that's good and perfect comes from you. You the heart of my content for all I do. Sweet Jesus. You are the center of my joy. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He's the center of our joy tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I just sing this chorus. Uh we are together again and then brother uh Dan will bring um brother Joe over and our brother will come and that's brother Joe Adams from Louisiana is there with um u pastor Tim broad and the church there. [Music] Just praising the Lord running again in wonder. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again in wonder. Something good is going to happen. something wonderful. We are together again just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again just praising the Lord. We are together again in wonder. Something good is going to happen. Something wonderful in store. We are together again. Just praise one more time there. Oh, we are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something wonderful. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again in one love. Something good is going to happen. something good. So we are together again just praising the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad you can praise the Lord? Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we just bow our hearts and our heads to you tonight, Lord. And want to thank you, Father, for what you've done in our lives, Lord. that we can come Lord on a Saturday evening, Lord. And Lord, just worship you, sing songs of adoration and give our praise to you, Lord, for what you have done for us, Lord. You've been a God who is rich in mercy, Lord. You watched over that seed that you placed in our lives, Lord. And you made sure it would be here today, Lord, to hear the word. And Father, we're so thankful and privileged to be a part of this this work that you're doing in this evening time. And father, I just ask tonight, Lord, that you'll pour out your richest blessings upon the word, Lord, the speaker and the hearer alike. Lord, may you anoint both the giving of the word and the receiving of the word. Father, Lord, you see the gift that you placed in this vessel, Lord, as my desires to step aside and allow that gift to to be used by you and by your people, Father, tonight, we commit the service to you, Father, we ask that you just pour out richly. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we're going to look here in Ephesians. We certainly count it an honor to be here with you, church. We bring greetings from our pastor, brother Tim, and the saints there at Evenite Tabernacle. So, they said, "Be sure to send you greetings." And uh we want to say thank you to brother Juan. I guess he just stepped out for inviting us to he said he invited me about 10 years ago. And well, I'm just now getting here. So somehow somewhere we kind of got our our our path crossed and uh he invited me and I was busy at that time full-time at the hospital but I soon since stepped aside about four years ago now I'm full-time ministry but we're just going to we're going to look to the Lord tonight. I'm not sure how long your services typically go but we're just going to let the Lord kind of place everything in place for us tonight. I want to look here in Ephesians 1 and verse three through verse 11. And we're going to look also in Luke 24:49 and then in Romans 8:10 and 11 uh Roman uh we'll look here in Ephesians 1. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy without blame before him in love. Having notice here in verse five, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children. Amen. Let me get this a little bit brighter where I can see it. By Jesus Christ himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he has made us accepted and a beloved. Now notice what the benefits we have in him. The Bible says in verse 7, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to the good pleasure which he purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, which are on the earth, even in him. in whom also we have attained an inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after his counsel and of his will. I'm going allow you to be seated and we'll look here also in verse 24 or Luke 24 and verse 49. Luke 24 and verse 49 is a promise of power given to the people. And this is Jesus speaking. And he said, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but carry you into the city of Jerusalem until you have been endued with power from on high." So, there's a promise of receiving power. Amen. Notice the power doesn't come from a church. The power doesn't come from a movement. The power doesn't come from a system. It doesn't come from an a certain area. But the power comes from on high. It comes from God. Then also let's look here in Romans 8 and verse 10. Romans 8 and verse 10 said, "And if Christ be in you." Now we just spoke about the power being dued from on high. But if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life. And that word life is Zoe. So that's God's own life, because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. So, I want to take a thought if I could. As I was traveling yesterday and and just kind of making preparations for the service this weekend, the Lord laid this thought on my heart. I've been kind of doing a series back home on power restored to the church. And tonight I want to give that a subtitle. Predestinated for quickening power. All right. Predestinated for quickening power. Now, how many of you have ever lost power at your home? All right. It's okay if you raise your hands. You're not going to scare me. You know, you know what it is when you lose power and you don't have any estimation of when the power is going to be restored and you know, you're walking in darkness. Nothing is working. You can't go to the fridge and you can't go to the microwave. There's no power nowhere in the house. But when power has been restored back, you can walk freely in your house. You know where you're going. You can open the right doors. You can go to the refrigerator and you can get out a cold drink of this or or whatever you need. You can turn the microwave on and cook a quick meal and all that. See, there's a difference when there's no power. But when power has been restored back to the church, we can operate the way that we expect to operate. Amen. Amen. And you find out through through the ages, brother Bam talked about these these four insects. They came in and they begin to eat down the tree of life or this bride tree. And and what did it do? These bugs left the church without power. They ate the power out of the church. But in the end time, God had promised, "I will restore." What was he going to restore? He restoring power back to the church. Not only to brother Brandham, not only to the church age messengers, but you and I that are sitting here this evening, the same power that the prophet received is the same power that we are expected to receive in this hour because his power being restored back to the body. Amen. Amen. And I want you to understand, we are predestinated for quickening power. Amen. See, there's a excuse me here. There's a promise in Luke 24 that if you tarry in the city of Jerusalem, you shall receive power. That word power there is dunamis. It means the power to perform miracles. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, we all want to perform miracles, right? Amen. Oh, we want to lay hands on somebody that's got cancer and they miraculously heal. We want that power. But I can tell you it lays in the body, right? But that same word dunamis there, it also means power to live a moral life, to be excellent in soul. Let me tell you, without that power, you won't live an overcoming life. Without that power, you won't make it as a Christian, as a real son and daughter of God, a bornagain believer. It takes that power inside of us to rise above sin, to rise above unbelief, to rise above the pressures of lay. It takes that power. And I'm here to tell you, you are predestinated to it. Hallelujah. And the Bible says in Romans, y'all don't mind me preaching. Let me just kind of get comfortable here this evening. It says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you," notice that spirit is life. Zoe life. That's a power that lifted Christ out of the grave. And he's saying that that same power that rose Jesus from the grave, it that same power that raised that dwelt in him, if it dwells in you, Yeah. what's it going to do? It's going to be powerless. You're going to walk around defeated. No. You're going to not have any hope of a rapture, but the body's not going to be changed because that same power today has no that same power has no effect on the people. No, he said what it did in Christ, it'll do in this hour. It raised him out of the grave. It'll raise you out of the grave. Let me tell you, church, I've already been raised from the dead. Out of dead denominationalism, out of a life of sin. I was once dead, but now I I see. I was once blind, but God opened my eyes to this word. Why? Because there came a power. Let me tell you, that same power is here tonight. He's here to touch you. He's here to heal you. He's here to deliver you. He's here to raise you up into heavenly places. Amen. Amen. Notice what it says though. He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken. Not maybe, not hopefully, right? But you have a promise of being quickened, right? predestinated to quickening power. Amen. Notice what it says now. Shall quicken your mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. That word quicken means to cause to live. Amen. Amen. Amen. Cause to live. To make alive. Amen. To give life by spiritual power to arouse and invigorate. to restore to life. Amen. See, God did something when he thought about you and I because we were in the very thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. And your prophet, our prophet taught us that the thoughts of God are eternal, are they not? Right? So even though we came in a let's just say a a form of sin and we come and and we had fallen in a fallen nature and you know we bypassed our theophies and we came down here and you know we did things that we wasn't pl we wn't happy about we live ways that we play happy about but nevertheless there laid a thought over your physical being. God saw you before the foundation of the world. And not only did he see you, but God planted a seed gene on the inside of you. And what did he do? He predestinated for you to be here tonight. For you to be here in this age, for you to hear the gospel message, for you to come to life, to to live again by the power of the resurrected word. Amen. Praise the Lord. And that word is what's causing us to live. Amen. Amen. How many of you used to be in sin? Praise the Lord. But where are you tonight? Praise God. What are your desires tonight? God changed your desires. You didn't do it by yourself. No. But the power of God come on the inside of a believer and it changes your nature. It changes your appetite. It changes your desires. It changes you from being a a a a slave to the enemy to being a son of God. Come on now. Amen. Let me read this quote brother talks about in the Easter seal. I just kind of want to build a foundation because I may I don't think I'm going to finish tonight, but I want to kind of lay a foundation in case we pick this back up in the morning because I have several thoughts that surround this power being restored to the church. I think it's pertinent that we recognize in our day, we're not a powerless group of people, we're not a powerless group of people, but God has invested something into us. Amen. As his bride. And here he says, "Now remember my message recently on the bride tree." See how they took Jesus? He was a tree. The one that David saw a tree planted by the rivers of water. His fruits in season. The most perfect tree. And they cut him down. They hung him on a man-made Roman tree for mockery. But what did he do? He rose up again on the third day. And what else did he do? He set forth a bride tree. Amen. A man and a woman like the trees that was in the Garden of Eden. two trees, one of them the tree of life, the other tree of death. But what did he do? He come to redeem this tree. So since he redeemed it at Calvary, he's ready to plant her now. Then he goes on to restore his bride tree. The one that should have been in Eden, but she fell because of she disbelieved the word. But here he's going to restore a tree that will believe the word. Oh, come on. Amen. Amen. He's going to restore a tree that will believe the word. Why are you here on a Saturday night? Because you believe the word. Why are you here in this sea? You could be out there doing God knows what in Minneapolis, but you believe the word. There's a deep calling and there's a deep to respond and that's why you're here tonight. Amen. Notice, but he's going to restore that tree that will believe the word. And when when she come up on the day of Pentecost, we're afraid of Pentecost, the terminology in the message. Yeah. When I first came to the message about 20some years ago, the the word Pentecost was a derogatory word. message believers didn't want to be identified with Pentecost because they associated with the Zoos and they associated with the fanaticism and they associated with that. Right? But church, we're going back to Pentecost. Amen. Not Pentecost Zoos and not Pentecost tongues, but we're going back to Pentecost the upper room. For the same power that was poured out on that day is the same power, the same anointing that's being poured out in this day, the same power that's going to change these bodies. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He said when she came up on the day of Pentecost, that original doctrine, the original faith, then what did Rome begin to do? Send the cankerworm. Send the palm worm. Each one took a part of the fruit, the leaves, and everything and sucked it all down. But he said the prophet said, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." Amen. Amen. She started back in the reformation. What did she do? She organized and God pruned her, right? Say and respond in John 14. Cut all the organization off of it. She come back to Wesley. She organized and pruned it off. You can find this in the message Easter Seal. But he said, I will restore. She's still coming. Amen. She's still coming. Now, what does it do? In the evening time, there will not be an organization. There will not be a top, but the fruits ripen where? First, in the top. Why? That's cuz the sun hits it. And in the evening time, the seeds are planted now for the evening time bri. But when the tree of life returns back to the bride tree, you see, he says, "And the evening lights has come out now to water and to ripen that fruit that's been on the tree that's been planted. The seeds are sowed. The evening time." So the evening time evangelism will be the mark of Malachi 4 to restore the faith of the people back to the faith of the father. That takes a power. A power to turn your heart from unbelieving to believing. Glory. And we are here, church. Amen. Our hearts have been turned. Our lives have been changed. It's showing you that we've been predestinated to Oh, I love it. I get a little excited. So, if Excuse me. And the Bible would tell us or Brother Ram would tell us here. He says, "And you are quickened." Mhm. And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition. Amen. Amen. Amen. This quickening power brings your body into a rapture condition. Notice the Pentecostal people up there when they got quickened by the Holy Spirit, when those Pentecostal group up there on the day of Pentecost received their astrap deed from God, it glorified their souls. Amen. They screamed. Oh, it's all right to scream and shout in church. Amen. Notice they saw tongues of fire separated upon each of them. It so quickened their body till they couldn't even speak in an earthly language anymore. It quickened their body to a heavenly language, the place to where they were going. If we slow these quotes down and really take into see what the prophet of God is saying, it so quickened their bodies and it quickened their tongue and it quickened their language to the place that they are going. Amen. Not the place they're from, not their earthly place, but where we're going, where we truly came from, the mind of God, and we're going back to the mind of God. He said, "Oh, what a quickening power." And if that spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwells in your mortal bodies, it shall also quicken your mortal bodies. And we are quickened then by the power of the living God. Amen. And this quickening power is God's own life. Amen. Amen. God's own life quickening that seed. Yeah. Bringing that predestinated seed to manifestation. Amen. Look, let's look here in 2 Timothy 3 and verse one. 2 Timothy 3 and verse one says, "This know also that in the last days perilous times will come." And the church says, "Amen." Where they Amen. Yeah. I mean, you have to be blind, deaf, and dumb to not realize we're fulfilling that right now. That's right. Notice the shape of men. Men shall be lover of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedience to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce. The spies are those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. But here's the striking thing. In verse five, having a form. That word form is semblance or appearance of godliness. They have an appearance of godliness. Amen. But denying the power the power. That word denying there means to disown, to denounce, to decline, to refuse. [Music] So when you look at it and you realize how powerful that word is, they refuse the power. They refuse the life. They ref they they disdain it. And it's the very same power. The word power there is the very same power that we read in Luke 24:49 that was expected to come. Amen. Amen. So they're refusing this power to come in the church. They don't want no part of it. So they disown it. They they disown it, disdain it, denounce it, refuse it. And he says in testimony of a true witness, his word testifies in the last days there will come a falling away. We've seen people fall away from this message from the last 10, 15 years. Men that used to preach, men of renown standing for the message and they get twisted up because they never had the quickening power on their soul. Amen. They come to a head knowledge of the message. They come to an understanding God sent a prophet. But when it came to turning their heart back to the faith of the fathers, their hearts never were turned. Their heads were turned. Their intellect was enticed, but their hearts never truly turned back to God. And these men who used to declare the message and and preach the gospel, they have fallen away and their families have been destroyed. Some of them, their family members are homosexuals. They're out in sin. They're just completely ruined their their ministries and everything else. Why? Because they had a form of godliness, right? But when it came to really submitting to the word, submitting to the Holy Ghost, not submitting to me to to William Brandon, not submitting to God sent a prophet or I believe the message, but submitting to the power of the Holy Ghost and letting their hearts and their lives come under subjection to that and giving the Holy Ghost free reign. Amen. Amen. Of every room in their heart. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. Notice here he says now the last days are come a falling away and we have seen that witnessing right some of us it may be some of our own family members or even from our own churches he said that's what we're living in a church that had no power having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away and I'm going to say this when we deny the Holy Spirit access in our lives denied access in our homes, denied access in our churches, we will be a powerless people. Amen. Right. We will be a powerless people. We may look like a Christian. We may act like a Christian. We may go through the motions, attend church, special meetings, dress right, but without the spirit, we will turn cold, formal, and lack the power to defeat the enemy. Amen. Right. You can maybe muster up enough strength for so long in your human efforts and your human abilities, but there is going to come a time where that human effort and that human ability will play out and you will need something stronger than your own human efforts. It takes the power of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. Notice here in 1 Corinthians 2 in verse one. This is Paul's preaching. And I like Paul. And I like to say that brother Juan and I are preaching Paul's message. Amen. Because we're preaching William Brandham's message. Brand preach Paul's message. That's right. Amen. And Paul preached the gospel. Amen. And notice how he how he describes the gospel. He says, "And brother, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom." Sure. You know, I'm thankful God doesn't necessarily need our wisdom. Right. Because some of us are more intelligent than others. Yeah. And some of us lack intelligence and we just go by the grace of God and inspiration to know how to preach. Amen. Amen. He said, "It came not with the excellency of speech or wisdom declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined to know anything among you or not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of wisdom. Wisdom. That's right. That's right. Not with enticing words of man's wisdom. But notice what it but in the demonstration of the spirit and of power. Come on. So this is what the first church age messenger founded the church on. He didn't found it on intellectualism. He didn't found it on enticing words of man on psychology and sociology and all these self-help programs, but he founded the church on the power and the spirit of the living God. And it's the same power. It's the same anointing that's here in this hour. It's not man's intellect. is the Holy Ghost power. Amen. And I'm here to tell you, it's been restored back to the church. Amen. He said, "My speech and my preaching." Paul was not only a speaker, he was a preacher. Right. Not only was he a teacher, Yeah. he was a preacher. Amen. Amen. See, his ministry was not only that of, you know, just coming in and stepping behind the pullpit and and having liberal arts and science and psychology and, you know, morality, you know, and, you know, but it was it was preaching Jesus Christ and him crucified. You know, Paul was learned. He trained under Galia, a great teacher of that day, great religious leader of that day. If it was on intellect, Paul had us all whipped. Amen. But Paul said, "I don't come with that wisdom. I don't." He had to forget everything and count it as dung so that he could come and preach Christ. Amen. But see, because Christ ain't he's not just intellectual understanding though. It takes a sense of intellectualism if you kind of play that in an aspect to where got to have enough intellect to follow the Holy Spirit. Yes. And not choose your way over God's way. Right? So, I want to be able to explain that in such a way so you don't think I'm preaching intellectualism because I'm not. But Paul says, "My speech and my preaching didn't come in psychology. Didn't come in the wisdom of man. It didn't come because I could stack some quotes together. didn't come because I can get a thesaurus and and I can get a concordance and I can look through the the the the the middle of my Bible and I can see this verse ties to this verse and this verse ties to this verse because some man's already done all the work for him. Right. That's right. Because there was an age of man, right? God used that age under the the that age of man to do what? To to bring the gospel to have the printing press and bring all that together. Makes our job a lot easier today when we're studying and trying to tie things together. But you don't just tie it with your intellect. You come behind this pullpit with your intellectual understanding and you can just the entire service. That's right. What we're looking for is the power of God to anoint those quotes, to anoint those scriptures, to anoint that thought to get to the heart and the life of the people. And Paul is telling you, I didn't come with all my intellect. I cast that all aside. I'm coming to you with power from the inspiration of the Holy Ghost because I met the pillar of fire. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. He said, "My preaching didn't come with enticing words of man, technical words, words of art, contrived by human beings and their wisdom to captivate the the audience to know how to sway the [Music] congregation. No, he came to display Christ so that the message that he preached would prick hearts and prick lives. Found the church on the truth. The Bible says that it came in the power of God. But demonstration, demonstration of the spirit. And the word demonstration there means the manifestation indutable proof. How many you know what the word indutible means? I looked it up because I'm not intelligent. But I thought it was profound. This word indutable means impossible to doubt. So Paul is coming with power and demonstration. Otherwise, he's coming with proof that's impossible to doubt. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh church, if we can transport ourselves back in the 40s and the 50s in the healing revival, we would see indutable proof. We will see blinded eyes open. We will see crippled legs being laid well. But I'm going to tell you that same God, he's still here today with beautiful proof because the same gospel is being preached with the same anointing to the elect of God. Amen. Glory. Amen. Indutable proof. Impossible. Yes. To doubt. I'll share a couple testimonies with you here in just a minute. But he said it comes in demonstration otherwise testimony of the evidence that the gospel works. Amen. That's right. You know there is a group today there's a movement I don't know how much you are affiliate affiliated with it but there's a movement out there that there they don't want you to testify of what God is doing today. They you know many are making the claim that you're just trying to lift yourself up. Yeah. Well, let me just tell you, man don't do these things. That's right. There's nothing in man that can heal another man. Yeah. There's nothing that we have to elevate ourselves. It's all the power of God. Praise the Lord. Then they say, "Well, you know, you giving these testimonies and you know, and God's using this church maybe more than he's using that church." And you know, what are you doing? You're taking away from Brother Brandham. No, sir. Well, who did the works in brother Brandham's day? who did the works of Oral Oral Jaggers and AA Allen and all these men. It wasn't these men doing these supernatural things, but it was the God in power manifesting himself to sons and daughters of God. And the greatest discredit we can do to the Holy Ghost is to not give testimony that he's present today, that he's here today, that he's still on the throne, still moving in hearts and lives. Amen. The greatest discredit we can do. Is to fail to testify. Amen. Of what God said. Amen. Amen. So Paul says, "My message, my preaching came with much manifestation." Right? He wasn't just preaching good sermons, brother Juan. He was preaching life impacting. Where Paul went, blinded eyes open. Where Paul went, the crippled begin to walk again. Where Paul went, evil spirits were cast out. Why? Because it was the message, not Paul's message. It was the message from the kingdom. Amen. So we had in our church, many of you probably familiar and heard the testimony of our sister Atlanta butts. Yes. Stage four nonhoskins lymphoma cancer all on the left side of her lungs. Completely cancerous. Yes. She was diagnosed. But in a service, one service she had she had had it for about a month and she had gone to the doctor and they done put the ports in and all this. She's lost all her hair. She's taking a round or two of chemo and and supposed to go on for about 10 or seven uh 10 or 12 maybe 14 weeks and you know and here it is stage four lymphic cancer and she's got a husband and five children and the doctors didn't give her a whole lot of hope you know get your family in order get everything in order and all that and and no doubt the church came together and we begin to pray and we're a church that believes in the miracle we believe in the power of God we believe in the supernatural but it wasn't anything that I did brother Tim did Brother Timothy or brother Aaron. But no, the word was preached in such a way that she was sitting in the back in the mezzanine in our church and sitting back there with her mother. She had a mask on. It was during co and just at the end of a service, the preaching is done been preached. And at the end of the service, brother Tim begins to sing. I'm leaning on the everlasting arm. Up from that seat, she comes. She stood up and she be to walk down the mezzanine and begin to dance around the church. Why? Because the revelation struck her. I'm not leaning on the man. I'm not leaning on the church, but I'm leaning on the everlasting arm of my Lord and my Savior. The doctor didn't give her any hope, but she went back to the doctor the very next day. And when she went in, they did a PET scan and a week later it came back completely cancer free. What am I telling you? Indeable proof that the God that we serve, he's still God today. He's still on the scene today. He's still in power. That same power is here for you, church. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Indutable proof. You can't tell our church that God doesn't do these things. We had a young sister at our church. This is before we moved into the new church. She was 16 at the time. And her brother was out in the world. He had graduated high school, went to college, and got into drugs. got into a rock band, had let his hair grow out long, and I mean, he just looked like a poor sight. And she come up at the end of a service. Brother Wayne Lawson was at our service preaching, and it kind of went long because it became a prayer line at the end, and we probably prayed for the entire church. Well, she come up. She says, "I want my brother saved." 16-year-old girl with a burden for her brother. It went to about 11:30, brother Juan. And this young man's at home in the bed and all of a sudden he wakes up. Mom and dad's not home. All the lights are out. It's 11:30. They should have been out of church by now. We normally get out around 9, 9:30. They're probably home around 9:45. Well, it's 11:30. Nobody's home. So, he gets in his truck and he runs across town to another believer's house and they're not home. Then he goes to another believer's house and they're not home. And all he can think about is, "I missed a rapture. I missed a rapture." And he gets in his truck and he starts belineing to the church. And on the way he hits a ditch and he messes up his truck and it limps into the it lifts into the church parking lot and he comes dragging himself in there still in his pajamas and he runs to the altar and he gave his heart to God. And that young man is still serving God today. What am I telling you? I'm talking about the gospel. Paul's gospel, William Brandham's gospel, brother's gospel. My gospel is being preached in power and demonstration. Lies are still being changed by the word. Man doesn't do that, but God through man does that. Hallelujah. Infallible evidence. Infallible evidence. And I could go on. There's a little Drew Dexter at our church, little baby. He's about 18 months, almost two years, and he never crawled, never walked. He has what they call with some kind of weakness in his hips. He could never walk or crawl. And this is when Sister Karen had her first brain bleed. And and she was just feeling sorry for herself, no doubt. in her bedroom there and little Drew was on the floor and but you know what she began to as David did begin to David began to encourage himself in the Lord after the ziglag was burned he lost his children lost his wife the men threatened to stone him David had to step aside from all of the worries of life and begin to encourage himself in the Lord and Sister Karen sitting in her bed there laying there feeling sorry for herself but she changed that sorrow to encouraging herself in the Lord and begin to lift their eyes up and begin to worship God and praise God. And the spirit of God came in that bedroom there and that little baby that had never walked, never crawled, jumped up on his feet and ran around that house and he's still walking and running today. What am I telling you? I'm telling you that the power of this gospel still moves. Hey, he is still a God. He's still on the throne and people are still being set free. Infallible evidence, church. Paul said it's come with demonstration of the spirit and of power. The word power there as I said is dunamis dynamics, strength, ability, inherent power. Power residing in a thing by virtue of its nature. Power for performing miracles. Now we love that piece of it. But I want to bring it to this other piece. Moral power and excellence of soul. If you don't have that moral power and excellence of soul, I don't care how many people we lay hands on and they're healed. I want to see a life. I want that life so consecrated to God that that devil could not put anything between me and my prayer. I know God's going to honor the prayer because my life comes subject to the word of God. So, not only was this power the ability to perform the miraculous, not only does it refer to strength and ability, but it also means to live a moral life of excellence of soul. And so, this dunamis power resides in the believer. And it gives him the ability to live above sin. The ability to live above sin, man. It gives you the ability to turn your head. Amen. That's right. Turn your head. Without this power, man can live for so long. He can work on his own human abilities and his human efforts, but eventually he will fall to his own devices or the devices of the enemy. But with that quickening power living on the inside of believer, he will live above the temptations of this world. He will live above the enticements of sin. Why? Because it's not him living, but it's a power on the inside that he's been quickened by, made alive by. Why is that? How is that? Because he's been made alive. And church, we I trust that we can say we tonight have been made alive by the power of the Holy Ghost. Thank you, Jesus. See, Paul founded the church on the power of God and not the wisdom of man. I'm so thankful that's that is the case because there's great intellectual giants in the land today. So there's some that can explain the word completely away from us, right? Tell you the days of miracles are passed. God don't do those things anymore. But Paul said in 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 5, he said that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men but in the power of God. So Paul was placing the believer's faith not in the ability of man to be able to put things together. not in his ability to open up folio views or the table app and search this, search this, search this, but if you're not searching with the right inspiration, because you can search with uh your own understanding and go down a trail and make a quote say something that it doesn't say, but when the inspiration from on high comes down and inspires that quote and you see something that, oh, that looks like it, but then you find something else, then you come back to center and said that one, maybe I didn't understand that or maybe the prophet progressed in his revelation from that time and now he's right here. So, we got to get to right here. Get into the middle of the road preaching the gospel. So, Paul founded the church not on wisdom, not on intellect, but on the power of God. Not just miracles, not just a supernatural, but the power to live a victorious life. Thank you, Jesus. So he was against intellectual ability or intellectualism and he warned the church. What did he tell us in Acts 3 and verse 28? Is this okay tonight? Let's look here in Acts 20 and verse 28. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Spirit hath made you overseers to feed the church of God which has been purchased with his own blood. For I know this, that after my departing, notice, after my departing, shall grievious wolves come in among you, enter among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own self shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after themselves. See, it's the nature of man, especially unconverted man, to draw men to himself and build his own kingdom. Look, we're not into kingdom building. I don't I want to build his kingdom and his kingdom alone. That's the only kingdom I'm worried about. Joe Adams don't have a kingdom. Blot Juan doesn't have a kingdom. Tim Puit, Donnie Rake, Ron Spencer, put whoever's name there. We don't have a kingdom, but we serve a God who is the king of kings and we're making we want to exalt people to his kingdom. So Paul was against intellectual men. He knew these intellectual giants would come in and what would they do? They wouldn't feed the flock, but they would they would just take all the wool away from them, take everything. They would they would just completely destroy the sheep. And the Bible says in Matthew 24 and verse 24, for there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders. So you can't be carried away with signs and wonders. Now I'm all about the supernatural. I look the B, excuse me, the Bible says that these signs shall follow them that believe. It's evidence that we are believers because signs following. But you got to understand now, he said there's going to be false prophets and they're going to show great signs and wonders in so much. If it was possible, notice if it w if it was possible, they shall deceive the very elect. But we're talking about being predestinated to quickening power. And only the elect is predestinated. So what am I telling you? Come right back into the church age over here in Ephesian age. Brother B says the question now rises in our mind. Does God forsake his own and let them fall into a state of complete deception on no account? For the scripture says that the very clearly in Matthew 24 that the elect cannot be deceived. I say praise God tonight. I am the elect of God. I am the predestinated of God. I can't be deceived. I won't be deceived. I say, "Oh, blessed be his name tonight. I am a child of God, not by my doing, but by his word." Praise the Lord. Oh, church. You can't be deceived. Get that out of your mind. Get that fear out of there. You got a word hanging over you tonight that says that the elect of God, you shall not be deceived, on no account. I love it. Cuz we get to some dark places. We get to some very low moments. That's right. And Satan's coming in your mind and you're fighting that great battle and he's telling, "Oh, you're deceived." All this and all that. Oh, but what does a believer do? He comes right back to the word. Comes right back to the word. Lord, you said you're my healer. Lord, you said you're my deliverer. Lord, you said you're my way maker. You're the miracle worker. Lord, I'm going to put this thought aside and I'm coming back to the word. Amen. Notice for this he said, "For there'll rise false Christ and false prophets. They're going to show great signs and wonders in so much. If it were possible, they shall deceive the elect." What then? The answer is clear before us. There is a true church and there is a false church. There's a true vine and there's a false vine. There's a true seed and that predestinated seed cannot be deceived. She is predestinated to be quickened, to be made alive, by what? By the word. By the word that came in this hour. It is the very same word that came on the day of Pentecost. Oh, hallelujah. Notice here in Ephesians 2 and verse one, this is kind of where we're trying to tie all these thoughts. Like I said, I'm I'm not going to get to everything today, but that's okay. That's okay. Ephesians 2 and verse one. And you hath he quickened. There it is, church. Right there. Put your name in that you. Blote Juan. Hath he quickened. That's right. Ariel has he quickened. Joe Adams has he quickened these young men. Has he quickened? And you has he quickened. What does that mean? And you has he made alive. Oh, church. made alive by the power of the Holy Ghost. Not the intellectual of a man, but the power of the word, the anointing of the spirit. That's what brings us to life. Said you were dead in trespasses and sins. where in you where in times past you walked according to the course of this world according to the prince of the power of the air and the spirit that workketh in the children of disobedience among notice now among whom also we all oh I like how Paul's putting this Paul said he ain't leaving nobody out you can be all righteous I never done a bad deal you lying to the you're lying right there Bible says we all sin come short of the glory of God but here What Paul's saying, we all have had our conversation in times past in the lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath even as others. But God, come on, good shepherd church. But God, I'm talking about a God that is rich in mercy. This ain't some poor God. This ain't some broke God. This ain't some God that can't fulfill his word. But we serve a rich God, a mighty God. But God who is rich in mercy, who is rich in grace, who is rich in power, who is rich in healing, who is rich in deliverance, but God, I was in sin, but God came by my way. I was in shackles of unbelief, but God came by my way. Hallelujah. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherein he loved us. You know there's times, brother Juan, in my life I didn't feel like anybody loved me. Cuz the devil get in your mind. Look at you. Look at your nature. Look at your makeup. Nobody likes you. Nobody loves you but God does. Come on church. But God does. Hey devil, you need to go read the scriptures. Because God loves me. And when I was in sin and trespasses, God still loved me. When I was out there, didn't know I was a son of God. Didn't know there was a seed placed on the inside. But God knew there was a seed. God knew he loved me. God always loved me. Hallelujah. Notice, but God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us when we were dead in sins, had quickened us together with Christ. Otherwise, that same spirit that raised up Christ, if it dwell in your mortal bodies, if it dwell in your mortal bodies, it will quicken you. Notice, quicken us together with Christ, he's showing no disparity. What was in him is in us, church. He was a bridegroom. We are the bride of Jesus Christ. It's the same word that raised him from a grave. It's going to be the same word, that same power, the same anointing that changes these bodies. Hallelujah. One day, we're stepping out of this old decrepit pest house and we're going to step into a new body. Brother one, my body's going to be about that tall. That's right. It's going to have all kind of hair. Hallelujah is what I say. That's exactly right. That's right. That body ain't going to never know a pain. It'll never know ache. It'll never know a hurt. It'll never know a disappointment. It'll never know a lost loved one. In that body, church, we're going to walk on streets made with God. In that body, church, we're going to worship our Lord. We're going to give praise for thousands of years in that body. And that's what we've been quickened to. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Raised us up together. Quickened us together with Christ. Paul is tying these scriptures together, showing you that what was done in the bridegroom, he's going to do it in that bride tree. See, it wasn't done by the power of the church. We're not quickened by the power of some man and his his great intellectual thoughts, but we're quickened by the power of God. Quicken, made alive by the power of God. Notice this word power here, this power of God phrase, it means e efficacy. It's the power, the effectiveness, the ability to produce the res the desired results. So Paul when he preached, he knew that his preaching would produce the results. And brother Brandham makes a statement, if you're going to have faith for something or you're going to pray and have a a healing revival or something of that nature, he goes, "You got to have somebody that has faith in it." Because you can't get blood out of something that don't have blood in it. And you can't send a man into a healing revival if he ain't got no faith in the supernatural. But I'm here to tell you, Paul had faith in the word. And that's where William Brandon brought us right back to the word. Look, he stood between denominations. He stood against great men and he stayed true to the word. Why? Because he knew God had ordained him to bring forth that bride tree. And the only way she can come forth is to preach the gospel with power and demonstration. That's the only way. Second or 1 Thessalonians 1 and verse 5. This okay tonight. All right. Good. For the gospel came not unto you in word only. I'm going to deal with this for a little bit this evening. The gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power. That word power there again is dunamis. Power to live a moral life. Excellency of soul. Power to perform miracles. It all lays in that word. I don't care what miracle you can perform if you ain't got a life to go with it. Doesn't matter to me. I count you out. I want to see a life. If I want to see you living above sin, I want to live see you living above the things of the world. I want to see that life of Christ on display. Then come lay hands on the sick. Then step behind this pull pit and preach the gospel. But notice what he says here. Come on. For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power. So it came in word. And here he's saying now the word as we notice and I don't want to get ahead of myself but we know the word is the letter. It's the scrolls and Paul's preaching these things. He got on the other side three years there in Arabia and he studied the word and but here he said it's more than just studying the word with my ability. It came with power in the Holy Ghost and in much assurance much that's full assurance. Otherwise indutible proof. Same things I just told you about sister and little Drew and Justin Wear the young man that gave his heart to God. It's Paul had that same kind of belief in the same kind of word. Why? because it came in much assurance, full assurance that when he laid hands on the sick, he didn't have to worry about them going to a death bed, they were going to be made well. Because it wasn't Paul's message, it was God's message through Paul and it was God's power to heal the sick. Said if you lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. That's not a hope soul. That's not a baby. Maybe that's full assurance. Praise the Lord. So the effects of the gospel is the evidence to which Paul was preaching. Paul said, "You want to notice, you want to watch my gospel, you want to challenge my word, then watch the effects that it brings." If it doesn't produce what I'm preaching, then run me out. Amen. I like how brother Brandon will say that. If he's not healed in the next five minutes, you run me out here and call me a false prophet. Same kind of faith that Paul had. same belief because he's not believing in his human ability. He's believing in the infallibility of the Holy Ghost. So the effect in Paul's day was seen. Notice it gave people peace. How many of you have experienced peace in here tonight? Maybe you used to not have joy. You were full of depression. But all of a sudden the gospel come to you. Now you got peace and joy and happiness. It transformed our lives. Because it makes a drunkard sober, makes a thief honest, it makes a uh the the lazy industrious, makes the harsh and unkind, gentle and kind. It makes the wretched happy. That's the power of the gospel to transform lives. And Paul demonstrated 1 Corinthians 2 and:4, "My speech and my preaching, we go back to this scripture, was not just in enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power that your faith and church, I believe we can say that today because there's great great intellectual men in the land today that preach this message." And all that they are are intellectual men, right? All that they are are intellectual men. They preach the message of the hour with their own human ability. But where is the inspiration and the power and the anointing of the Holy Ghost? Because you can type in stuff in the message search program and it pops up thousands of quotes and you can clear copy paste, copy paste, copy paste, copy paste. But you can't copy paste the Holy Ghost. Did you hear what I said? Oh, you can copy paste, copy paste, copy paste. But you can't copy paste. You got to have your own experience. You got to have that same power that come down. And it ain't a copy paste. It's a an original experience. Well, God gives a stamp of approval on your life. So, there's a movement today. There's a movement within the message community. that we don't need or we shouldn't be displaying the effects of the Holy Ghost and his power. There's no belief in emotionalism. What we're doing tonight being excited, stimulated by revelation, they sit there. There's no movement. There's those that don't believe in signs and wonders, no display of the supernatural. See, they believe that since brother Bradom came and he opened the seal book and he revealed all the mysteries and he tied those loose ends together that now we have the revealed word. Thus, we no longer need these little elementary things as they would call it. Now, I believe we got the revealed word. I hope you do, too. I hope you believe we got the restored word. Amen. So if we got the restored word, I'm going to break off my notes for a minute. If it's the restored word, then it must be the same word that they had on the day of Pentecost. And if that word in that day did all that it did through the book of Acts. And you're telling me we got the restored word, the same word, the same power, the same Holy Ghost, the same anointing. And what I'm telling you tonight is what it did in the book of Acts. It'll do it right here in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It's the same word. With the restored word comes restored power comes quickening power for the bride. But notice, see, they in their ministries, they don't preach. They don't preach. I want you to listen to the terminology I'm using here. They don't preach the revealed word. They teach the revealed word. That's right. I hope this is okay. They don't preach because Paul said my preaching Yeah. did not come with the enticements of man's wisdom. So Paul's saying I'm not a teacher of the word. I'm a preacher of the word. And so we find here these ministries, you know, because they're educator, they're intellect. And I don't doubt that they want to do something for God because no man steps behind this sacred desk of his own accord if he's got any sense of ability about them at all because you hold the people on your every word. But they don't believe in these supernatural events. They don't believe in the signs and wonders. They don't believe in that. And now that we got the revealed word and the prophet has come and he opened the seals and the the word has been restored, we don't need all this emotion. We don't need all the signs. We don't need all the wonders. But what did Paul found the church on? He didn't found it on man's wisdom, but he founded the church on the power and demonstration of the gospel. See, they can teach the message with their intellectual understanding, but they can't preach the message. Because preaching takes inspiration. It takes the anointing of the Holy Ghost to preach the message. See, the word reveal here, let's just kind of break into this. The word reveal means to make known. the word reveal. So we got the revealed word. Otherwise, we got the word that's now been made known, the same word that Paul had. That's right. So if, let me just say it like this. If they could actually with inspiration teach the revealed word, they would get results. Amen. Because it's the revealed word. And the only way the word can be revealed is for the evidence to come forth. And the evidence is doing what the word declares it will do. If it said that open blinded eyes, then to teach that the He's still a healer, then blinded eyes would have to come open for it to be the revealed word. Otherwise, it's just sitting back there and it's your own understanding. But what we find today, church, and I know maybe many of you may not be aware of this, and if I'm saying this and to to confuse you, I promise I'm not. But these churches that are preaching these doctrines and these ideas, they're sitting there cold, formal, and powerless. People are laying in their church. There's no power. The church sits dead. And the prophet of God will say 90 below zero. And if he said that in the Pentecostal era, what about us in this era, church? You think we've increased in power? The church has. But the unbelief has also increased. Notice now they just have a concept. God sent a prophet. They have a concept of I believe the message. But what about the person that inspired the message? What about meeting the voice behind the voice? Right? What about meeting that one? Having that pillar of fire experience, that backside of a desert. It's like your prophet would tell you what what Moses lacked, the burning bush had. That's right. And we all must have a burning bush experience. See, Moses knew how to form. Moses knew how to be a ruler. Moses knew how to be a leader. But when Moses tried on his own efforts, he killed one Egyptian. So what does the scripture tell us? We can't do it with our own efforts. Oh, but when we want to do when God wants us to do it and we meet the requirements and God fills us with the Holy Ghost and we meet the same pillar of fire that Moses met, then we can get our little baby, we can get our wife, we can take a stick in our hand and we can go down to Egypt and take over. Why? Because it's no longer us doing it, but it's the power of God doing it. Amen. Notice here in the message led by the Holy Spirit, brother Ram says Paul said the gospel come to us not in word only but through power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. Yes sir. When he said go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. Excuse excuse me. He also said demonstrate the power of the Holy Ghost in all the world. Demonstrate it. Make the word live. Otherwise, make the word do what it says it will do. Trust God, believe God, preach it that way. He says, "Now, see, it never come to us through word only." The word's got to be quickened and made alive in the demonstration of the power of the Holy Ghost. Paul being well trained, this is in Hebrews chapter 5. Paul being well trained, he knew the scriptures by the word. But you see the scriptures, no matter how well you know them, if the doesn't quicken them, then the letter killth. See, the spirit giveth life. It must be quickened or made alive by the spirit. If the spirit doesn't liven the word and make it a reality to you, then it's just a letter, just intellectualism. And that's where he said that's where so many confessed Christians today or professed Christians is that intellectual conception of Christ. So the spirit gives life. The revelation of the word can only come by the spirit. And the spirit notice spirit only, not our human abilities, not our intellectual abilities. Revelations doesn't come because you're a good person. It doesn't come because you go you belong to so and so's church. Revelation only comes by the spirit of God. And there is only one spirit and that is the Holy Spirit. Not the spirit of a man, not the spirit of a church, not the spirit of some movement, but it's the Holy Spirit which is Jesus Christ himself. And brother Brown makes a statement here and as the Lord uh spoken only to Moses, he said the gospel is not the word only. The word just is a dead letter. See, it's got to take the letter quickened and made alive and brought to pass what the letter says to do. That's the gospel. So, I want y'all to be able to tie this together now. That's the gospel. Not just teach the word, but preach, make it manifest the word. The word has got to be made alive. It's a dead letter until it's made manifest and then it's quickened and it's brought to pass what God said it'll do. See, that's the gospel in action. See, and if the devil can keep you from seeing the truth, notice what he says here, sir, we will see Jesus. If the devil can keep you from seeing a truth, he will push you overboard with it. And we will go off into some fanatic fantastic or either we'll keep or he'll keep you from seeing it all together. So, and brother Brown makes a statement in Hebrews chapter 5. He said, "We got off this one over here. They have a shout. The Methodist Methodists have a shout. The Pentecostals speak with tongues. Some of them shakers, you know, they used to have to shake and they'd walk up and down. Men on one side, women on the other. They were shakers. Then the Holy Spirit come on them and it shook them and they had it. See, but it's just a bunch of fantastics and there's no truth to it. And so if the Holy Spirit, No. If the devil can't get you, notice now, if he can't keep you from seeing the truth, he's going to push you overboard with the fanaticism of it. Well, the Meodus had a shout. Pentecostal spoke in tongues. We had the shakers and today we got the group that says, "Well, I believe God sent a prophet and I got the Holy Ghost because I believe God sent a prophet because I belong to a message church." And that's as far as they have gone. But that's not the gospel. Notice they did this. They shout, they shook, they spoke in tongues. all under the opice of religion and being spiritual but they went overboard with these things because they never were the true seed is the only one that's going to be quick and the true seed when Methodists or when when Luther's group camped down and denominated the true seed the true word moved right on into Wesley's day and then when Wesley's group began to denominate the true seed be to move out of there and went into Isuza street and they accepted the gifts in their day. And when Isuza began to denominate, the Pentecost of the gifts began to denominate and they went to seed on speaking in tongues, the true seed, the true word bride, she moved right on into the message of the hour. Lord, you see the progression because while the the true elect will never be deceived, she'll never be denominated. Brother B says she will by no means be a a leodyian. She's not going to be a denominational believer. So God here we find here God lives in his word and faith cometh by hearing hearing by the word. So by faith you are saved through grace not by anything whether you shake speak in tongues whether you what this place he said that has nothing to do with it. He says now he that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me he hath eternal life. He that heareth my word and believeth had been made quickened to him he hath eternal life. He says there it is. It doesn't matter what little thing you do. You say, "Well, I spoke in tongues." Well, well, there's a lot of people speaking in tongues. They ain't got it. We heard the Methodist shout. They didn't have it. The Pentecostal spoke in tongues. They didn't have it. The group that shook, they didn't have it. But he says, "Now theologians can arise and they can explain the days of miracles as passed by the Bible." And the infidel can rise and take the Bible and prove to you that there's no God. The Methodists can prove they're right. The Baptist can prove the Methodists are wrong. The Pentecost can prove all the others are wrong. But let me tell you, brother, but if a man has ever stood on the sacred sand, let him be a Methodist, Baptist, Pentecost, or what more, ever met God face to face, there's no theologian in the world can take that away from him. He's been somewhere. He knows what he's talking about. He's had an experience with the burning presence of the living God. And all the erasers of the scripture explaining and driven away can never take it out of his heart. Why? because he's been made a new creature in Christ. He's been quickened by the word. G said to become an incarnate with the power of almighty God and he was made alive in Christ. And let me tell you what he says here. And he said, "And Satan can't tread on those sacred grounds." Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah, church. Amen. Oh, when you get born again and you meet God on the backside on those sacred grounds, he said Satan can't tread on those sacred grounds. Hallelujah. Let me bring this on down here. I got just a few more to go here. I don't want to bring this this down. In the message conflict between God and Satan, I was sharing this with the brothers last night. Said, "What is the word of God?" Brother Bram's asking a question. What is the word of God? The word of God is God himself. So write this down if you got a pen and paper. God gave the believer himself. And I ask you, come on, brother church. Yes. If God gave you himself, you telling me God gave us a powerless self? No, sir. That there's no power in himself. This one that created the worlds, created the universe, he blew off the stars, the solar system. He created our lives. He created everything that we're here today. You're telling me that this God had so much power to do all of this to create this great universe and he gave us himself and now we're without power. I say, "No, sir. The power has been restored back to the church and we have been quickened to the power. We have been quickened by that power. It's God's power. He gave us himself. It's God himself. He gave the believer himself to attack the enemy by. In other words, he's the father and the word is God. Then the word is our father. We're born by the word. And he's standing in the forefront of his children. He says, "There you are." He's standing out there for his children. What are you scared about? The rapture is a sure thing. The coming is sure. Every blessing that God promised is ours. Why? Because he God gave us himself. Given the people the Bible is not giving them the word, that's just giving them the letter. But when God gives you the Holy Ghost, then he's given you the word made flesh. Because in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh. That's right. And what was happening in the upper room on the day of Pentecost? The prophet said the logos came down and divided itself. The word divided itself among the people. That's how they could overcome. The word quickened them. Look, they went in there. They went in there weak. They went in there afraid. But they come out staggering. They come out anointed with power. They come out bold and brave. Now, no longer was Peter scared and a coward. Peter was a brave man from that time forward. Praise the Lord. Brother Ram says in fellowship, Jesus once for all one time he has perfected forever those that have come into the fellowship with eternal blessing, eternal fellowship, with eternal presence of God, with the power of the Holy Ghost. Not in a symbol out yonder or in some word or in some theology, but the Holy Ghost in you. The power of God that raised Christ from the grave is made alive in you and you are a new creature. Then you are a son and daughter of God. Oh brother, he says he said the blood of Jesus Christ to stir or to take the power the life that was in the blood in 2 Corinthians 5 and verse 17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things have become new. You're not what you used to be. That old man is dead. And there's a new man with a new power that is raised up in his place. You can't be condemned from that old life. Why? Because you've been made new by the power of God. John 1 and verse 12 says, "But as many as received him, to them gave he the power." Now this word here, power, I wish I had several more services here that I could take all this whole thought and bring this out. But this word power here is not dunamis. It's excusia. It means the authority over devils. Amen. So God has not only given us power, the dunamis to live an excellent life and to have the miraculous in our midst, but he's also those that received him gave him the power, gave him the authority over his enemy. And what did your prophet say? Who has more authority in heaven? A sinner saved by grace or an archangel is never failed. He said that sinner that has been saved by grace has more author. Hallelujah church. That's the power that has been given to us son of God that you can tread on surface. You can put your foot on every devil and nothing shall by any means harm you. Why? Because the power is given to you to be a son of God to act in the father's stand. Hallelujah. Power quickened to become sons. Brother says, "Oh, I get a little emotional." That's right. Will you excuse me? He says, "Anything without emotion is dead." He goes, "I was once dead, but now I'm alive, quickened by Jesus Christ. When I walked in those old formal orders back there one day, the Lord pulled me out." But notice up on that day of Pentecost, it was more than just being receiving the power to walk right, to live right. But the prophet said when those Pentecost group up there on the day of Pentecost, when they received their abstract deed from God, it glorified their souls. And it also, listen, it also was designed to give them after the abstract was designed to give them every promise that was on the ground. every promise, whatsoever you ask in my name, if you can have faith of the grain of a mustard seed, you can say unto this mountain, be thou removed and cast into the sea. Whatever you ask, see, it quickened every promise to the believer. Every promise on those grounds of God's word that was promised in the Bible, that quickening power was given to them to quicken that promise to them. Therefore, it lay hands on the thick and they was healed. Spoke in new tongues. They done great signs and wonders because that was in God's promise. And when Jesus died to redeem that back to them, the grounds that belong to sons of God, he demonstrated what God was. See, it's the Holy Ghost today, church. This is in the Easter Seal. It's the Holy Ghost today. Don't put this in 1965. Let's bring this quote up to date, 2025. It's the Holy Ghost today hunting out honest hearts that will believe that message. The Holy Ghost is looking for young men. That it' be more than just mom and dad's religion. more than just grandma, more than just a church, more than just my pastor, more than just a deacon, but he's hunting honest hearts that'll believe that message. What did the angel of the Lord tell your prophet when he was there on in that cave? He said, "If you can get the people to believe you, nothing will stand before your prayer, not even cancer." And then he comes into another place and he's telling the same story. He said, "Not believe me, but believe what I'm telling you is the truth." If you can believe tonight that what I'm telling you is the truth, nothing will stand before the believer's prayer. Not even cancer. And cancer at that time was the worst enemy because there's no cure. God is the only cure. But notice G. He says, "What kind of people should we be?" How wonderful to see God's great Holy Spirit here to do that power. Think then when the Holy Ghost himself is here to bear record of this hour, Jesus said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. How dare any man to wipe that out of there? These men are treading on very shallow waters saying that the days of miracles has passed and we don't need these things today. In another quote, brother Ram said that the evidence signs following is the assurance that you are a believer. That's right. The assurance is the evidence. It's the indutable proof that the gospel works. So in an abstract, as I bring start to wrap this down, an abstract, what is the book of redemption? And it's the title deed, the abstract deed. You say abstract. What does the abstract mean? It means it searched all the way back to the beginning. Well, in the beginning, we can go back to Genesis 2 and God said, "Let us make man in our image." So, in the beginning, before you was ever a thought in your mom and dad's mind, you was already a thought in God's. God already knew you. God already saw you. He knew what age to place you in. He knew what you would face on this side. And he knew that you would overcome. He knew that you wouldn't be deceived because he's only looking for seeds of God, sons of God. And that abstract, what does that abstract do? When God gives you the Holy Ghost, it takes you from now and it places you all the way back into the very mind of God. He said you have been justified just if you never done it in the first place. And where were you at in the first place? In the mind of God. What am I telling you, brother and sister? You never did that. That wasn't you. You were deceived in it. Yo, let me tell you. The brother said that your old book of divorcement has been placed in the fire church. You are a son and a daughter of God. You never done it in the first place. You got an abstract title D and takes you back to Genesis. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Takes you back to the thoughts of God. And in his thoughts, I'm perfect. In his thoughts, you're perfect. That's right. In his thoughts, we never done it. What a joy. Redemption means all legal possession to all that Adam and Eve lost. Oh my. What ought that to do to a born again Christian? It's legal possession. Legal. I mean, it's gone through the courts. It's done been debated back and forth. Legal means you can't tell me it don't belong to me. We got legality to it. I got an abstract. Not just a D, but I got an abstract title D that said everything that was against it has been struck off. What am I telling you? Every accusation against you. Everything has been struck off. We get to Revelations 12 and you find that the accuser of the brethren has been cast down, church. Every accusation has been cast down and the bride is being lifted up into heavenly places. Oh, hallelujah. Legal possession to everything that Adam and Eve lost. Adam had the power of the spoken word. Oh my. Just think about it. Could God trust us with the power of the spoken word? How would we use it? Can I tell you? Can I tell you? He gave you character to use it because in his own character, this human character, we would use it wrong. We will use it to our advantage. But with his character, because power without character is satanic. But God has given you the character by giving you his power, his anointing, his life to be able to hold this word in your hand and speak things as the spirit moves upon you. See, the law of God required there need there needed to be a kinsman redeemer. And I'm bringing this to a close. Musicians can start making their way back. See, the law of God required a kinsman and there was no man found worthy. The Bible says in Revelations 5, John began to weep because no man was worthy. Here, here we find that the law required a kinsman redeemer and Adam couldn't do it because Adam failed and the law were he received a substitute. But he said, "What if God would have not allowed or not had offered to take a substitute, but love constrained him to do that?" But a man without a way back. He goes, that man was without a way back and there's no way for him to get back. He was gone. But the grace of God met the kinsman redeemer in the person of Jesus Christ. The law required it and grace met the requirement. Aren't you thankful, church? You're not good enough. I'm not good enough. We're not good enough. The law required a kinsman. One that was a man, not an angel. not something else. But a man had to meet the requirement. And notice what he says. And grace, grace, the kinsman redeemer in the person of Jesus Christ. Grace met the requirement in the person of Jesus Christ. The law required a kinsman redeemer to redeem the law substance and grace met his requirement in the person of Jesus Christ. A kinsman must be born of the human race and God required a kinsman redeemer. He must be a human. What are you going to do now? The law required it. He said he couldn't take an angel. It couldn't have it had to be a man because we're not kin to an angel. We're kin to one another. And the angel never fell. He He had to be a different of a being. But God. Notice he said, "But God got a different body. He never sinned or nothing. He's different." But he said the redeemer, the kinsman redeemer must be born of the human race. Here, that leaves us on a limb. But let me sound the trumpet to you. The virgin birth produced the product. The virgin birth produced our kinsman redeemer. None other but the almighty God become Emanuel one with us. Emanuel. The kinsman redeemer was met. You see how God makes a requirement. There's nothing that we can do. But then grace steps in and overshadows. Oh church. If grace stepped in, then grace is going to step in tonight. And he said, "The works that I do shall you do also. These signs shall follow them that believe." In Ephesians 2, the Bible would tell us, "When you were dead in sins, hath he quickened together in Christ, and he's raised us up together and made us sit in heavenly places." And the prophet would teach us, "Heavenly places are the believer's position in Christ." Predestinated to be quickened by that power. Predestinated to be quickened. And he says, "If you are ordained on that ground, if you are ordained to be on that ground, like the eagle was walking in that chicken nest, if you ordained on that ground, the Holy Spirit is here to find you. Don't worry, little bride. Don't worry, little bride. Don't fear. There's a seed that's been planted. We'll pick this up maybe again in the morning. There's a seed that's been planted. And God is obligated to his word. Let us make man in our image. I'll have a bride without spot, without wrinkle, without blemish. I say father tonight Lord we lift our hands to you Lord we thank you father for the word you've given us in this hour Lord you didn't leave us in le oysia drifting through it all by oursel trying to figure it out Lord with our intellectual abilities God but you came in this day Lord you came in this hour Lord you sent us a word Lord through a vindicated messenger God you opened up our eyes you turned our hearts God you quickened us by the power of the Holy Ghost Lord Lord Lord, we can't help but to see this message. We can't help but to receive the anointing of the Holy Ghost. And I just pray tonight, dear God. Lord, that you would quicken that word to the believer, Lord. Lord, they may be going through a trial, maybe in a low place, Lord. Maybe facing difficulties, but God, may you quicken it to them, Lord, that you said, "I'll never leave you, never forsake you, never leave you fighting alone." Have your way tonight, Father. Bless the word now we pray. We commit it to you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. If you got a need tonight, you desire prayer, we'll be glad to pray with you. Quickened, predestinated to be made alive. That's who we are, church. We're not going down in defeat, but we're rising in victory. We're rising in triumph because of our Savior. God bless you church. I am redeemed above me with Christ. Jesus has changed my whole life. [Applause] If anybody asks you just who I am, you tell me that I am. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, my [Music] every Oh Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody ask you just who I am, oh you tell me I am breathing. Oh, let's just give the Lord a hand of praise. Yeah. [Applause] Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Oh, the Lord bless you tonight. Hallelujah. You enjoy the word. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] my. And praise the Lord. [Music] Let me share something with you tonight before we [Music] uh before we pray and go home. I thank the Lord for the word tonight. Predestined to be quick. Oh, sorry. I left this thing and uh talking by myself as our brother was preaching tonight. You know, uh I was thinking to myself when I came to church, I says, uh I wonder how did I announce the meeting that uh uh few of the saints never came. Well, I guess it's Memorial weekend and many people have uh you know uh different thing planned out. But I I'm glad that you are here tonight. Amen. If nobody came, I would think that I did not announce it. But since you are here tonight, I believe that I said something and somebody heard me. Praise the Lord. But you know, if you read if you read David in the psalm as he was preaching, this is what I was thinking about. David said in the psalm and actually uh it's about 13 times he said in the psalm psalm chapter 7 to 1:20 he said thou which have show me great and so trouble shall quicken me again and bring me up again from the depths of the earths 19:25 he said my soul cleave unto the death quicken thou me I calling to your word now David in the Old Testament was crying out for the quickening power. Amen. He wanted a quickening power. He wanted something to bring him out of his troubled and out of uh whatever he was struggling with. Psalm chapter 1 19:37 he said turn away thy eyes from beholding vanity and quicken thou me in thy way. Behold I have long I have long after thy precept. Psalm 19:14 quickening in thy righteousness. Now that was in the Old Testament. They were looking forward to the quickening power to come. But yeah, we have the quickening power. We have he quickened that were dead in sin and trespasses. And the thing about a year I was thinking about it is that you know just like the brother was saying he was trying to show a little bit between preaching and teaching. I sent a quote back there sister uh and if you can put that up for me let me just share that with the saints before we pray here. I know the time has passed and uh but I fa I felt tonight that uh uh you know uh the Lord has spoken to us. If we have the quickening power, the word has come which of course the quickening power is the Holy Ghost. That word should be able to teach us enough to be able to get to the place where we can worship the word. We can be able to worship the word. The word should quicken us where we can be able to bring worship back to him. He have quickened [Music] us for us to be able to bring worship back to him, to be able to bring obedience to him, to be able to bring gratitude back to him. And I think that's what our brother was trying to drive home tonight. Just put that quote up. Let's read it and then uh we will pray. Brother Bam says here in uh Ephesian parallel Joshua he says sometimes I think that preaching is a wonderful thing but I believe sometimes brother Biller that teaching goes beyond that and kindly especially to the church now listen to this now preaching usually catch the sinner and bring him on condemnation to the word. Now you cannot teach somebody that had not been brought under the word. That's the problem. If you have not been preached to that the power of God will bring you honor conviction to the word. You cannot be taught. If you are learning, you are just an intellectual learner because you're using your reasoning and you don't have conviction. That is the difference between teaching because preaching is honor the demonstration of the Holy Ghost. It brings you honor condemnation. It brings you under worship. You lift your hands up. You rejoice in the word. You just don't sit down there and be and be think what is he trying to say? Okay. Y better said this. And that is just an intellectual mind. A person that has not been brought under the word. You cannot be taught. You can never be taught. You can compare scripture with scripture. You can compare quote with quote. It's when you are brought under on a subjection to the word. Praise the Lord. That's when you are ready to be taught. Praise the Lord. But you know what we're doing is that we are teaching people how to dress right. We are teaching people how to live right. We are teaching people how to talk right when they have never been brought under subjection to the [Music] word. That's the problem the church is. That's the reason why you see people in our church we don't wear trousers. In our church we don't do this. Yeah. You you are just you are teaching somebody but there is no conviction. The demonstration of the preaching of the word bring your heart to believe. Bring your heart to obey. Deliver him. That's what the preaching of the gospel is. When you have been brought under the power of the word, then you are ready to be [Music] taught. And I think that's what the church needs. We do too many teaching and we just say down there, "Oh wow. Oh wow. It sound beautiful. It sound pretty. But there must be a power in the word that will be able to convict our heart to put the word into practice. To put what we have been taught into [Music] practice. If now we just have enticing words. It was just enticing words. If we don't have that power in us, praise the Lord. It's the power that makes you to rejoice in the word. They are reading your blessing. Praise the Lord. Strange enough. The brother is testifying about what God has done. You must rejoice in it. If you have been brought under the word, don't just sit down there. Rejoice. Give God glory. Stand up. Clap your hand. Praise God. Thank God. [Music] We we just becoming like spectators. We want the same thing to be said all the time over and over and over [Music] again. The word is our [Music] absolute. You cannot worship until you have an object to worship. The object of worship is the word. Worship is not only when we are singing. You must worship with the word being preached. Say thank you Jesus. Say hallelujah. You are worshiping the word when you rejoice in the promises. People has been whipped with this word so much that every time they come to church, they want the preacher to say something that will condemn them. Something that and and and and just you are not doing this, you are not doing this. That even if they are reading your deliverance, you can't step into it. Listen to that testimony. The preacher is singing, "Laning on the everlasting arm, a break and inspiration to a sick woman." The words of the song inspire her so much that she got in the spirit and started worshiping and God delivered from cancer. That's when you are worshiping the word. [Music] [Music] If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them that I am redeemed. Oh hallelujah. Yes, I am everything but with a price. Oh Jesus has changed my life. Oh yes. And if that they ask you just who I am, oh, you tell them that I am redeemed. Well, let's just say a prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, precious Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, thank you, Almighty God. for your word that come came to us tonight to Lord Brother George coming down here his first time Lord he don't know the people Lord God he don't know Jesus oh so father Lord and I I'm so glad oh God father that Lord we we are not controlled by by by the the the the the size of the crowd Lord I'm so glad that he was controlled by the Holy Ghost tonight and not the size of the crowd oh Father God. Oh, precious Lord. No doubt I believe people were pulling online. Oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, but almighty God, I thank you, Lord. Father, for the few that were in service tonight, Lord God. Oh, precious Lord, I believe, oh God, that even if he was just preaching to people online, the Holy Ghost will have used him the same, Lord. Father, Lord, we just so thank you tonight, oh God. Thank you for your word, oh God. Father, thank you for the blessing of the Holy Ghost. Oh God Jesus, thank you Lord that you predestinated us to be quickened. Yet David, there in the psalm, how many times he cry, "Oh God, quicken thy name. Lord, quicken thou me." And yet you send the word, you send the Holy Ghost to quicken the people. And the word is being preached. And they sleep under the word. The word is being preached. They sin under the word. The word is being preached. Oh God, father, Lord. But Lord, we know that there's a bride that is predestinated. There's a people, God, that is predestinated. Lord, I cry like David tonight, quicken down me, Lord. Let this word, Father God, bring me, Lord Jesus Christ, to the place to be a son of God. Lord, Father, bring somebody to the place to be a daughter of God. We were predestinated to be quaking. Oh God, Father, it will raise us from the grave, Lord. It will bring us out of sin, oh God. It will bring us out of doorlessness, oh Lord Jesus. It will bring us, Lord, Father God, Lord, of every sloth. It will bring us, Lord, from out of religion, oh God. It will bring us, Lord Jesus, from every false doctrine, Lord God, Father, because that quickening power is the Holy Ghost. That quickening power, Father God, the same spirit that raised Jesus from the dead, you said if it dwell in me, it will quicken my mortal body. Oh God, we thank you tonight. We thank you tonight, Jesus. Thank you, Father, Lord, that you can show us in the word that we were predestinated. David was predestinated to be quickened. That's why he cried, "Quicken, thou me, Lord." Oh father God, Samson was predestinated to be quickened. That's why he said once more, Lord, once more. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Tonight, thank you for your word. Thank you for the blessing, Lord. Father, we look for the service tomorrow. We ask that you come in a special way. Come in a special way, Father. Lord. Oh God, I believe that Lord Jesus, you have a work yet to be done. Oh God, and my prayer, oh father, Lord, may you quicken us, Lord. Quicken us, Lord Jesus, to your purpose for this local assembly. Quaken us, Lord, Father, to the reason why we are here. Quicken us, Lord, to that reality. [Music] quicken us to power. Lord, quicken us to a prayer life. Oh God, quicken us, Lord, to a life of consecration and dedication. No father Lord quicken us Lord to truth commitment to your word commitment to our family to our wives to our husband to our children. [Music] Thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you father tonight. Thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] [Music] We just don't want to have a form of being called message believers form. We go into a church called good sheeperd. Quicken us to the word to the hour that we are living in. [Music] quicken us to the reality to the person of Jesus Christ. Not just to books and tapes and quotes, to the very person of Jesus Christ. [Music] [Music] Oh father, we thank you tonight sweet Jesus. We thank you Lord. We thank you dear God. Blessed be your holy name Lord Jesus. [Music] Come home. Come Lord. Yes. Oh, how wary. Father, we pray tonight. Let the wonderful presence of the Holy Spirit go with us tonight. Lord, no wonder, Lord, God, we living in an age that is so difficult for people to be taught because we need to come to that place, Lord. true conviction to your word. Be with our hearts. Lord, we love you tonight. Bless our brother. Father, we pray that God you will you will bless him. You will renew his strength. Lord God, inspire him for the service tomorrow, Lord. Father, when we congregate tomorrow, Lord, we want to celebrate you and it's because of you we come, Lord. We love you. We thank you. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray with faith and thanksgiving in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. In the same spirit that raised of Christ from the dead. Let's sing that [Music] tonight. Oh that raised Christ from the dead. in you. Word in you. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, God in you, oh it will break your [Music] mort in you. Oh waking your ming in the spirit guard in you. Oh in the s spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you. God in you. Oh, in the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. God in you and God in you. Oh, he will break. Your mortal power in the spirit brought in you. and it will break in your mortal body in the spirit. Let's stand on our feet now. Let's just worship him all tonight in the city spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you. Everybody in me. Oh, in the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. God brought in you, everybody in me. Oh, ever breaking your [Music] mic. Hallelujah. Ever breaking your [Music] morting you. Oh yes. In the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Everyone in you, everyone in you. Oh yeah. We're breaking the mortal body in the spirit in you. Hallelujah. will quicken your mortal body in that spirit dwell in you. The Lord bless you tonight. We'll see you tomorrow. Let's go in the peace of the Lord dwell in you. D in me. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, God in you, oh it work, your [Music] mort in you. Oh, it will break you.
