################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - June 22, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Familiar Places - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   June 22, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Familiar Places
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pv9lzQuIw3c
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the gloryy and they honor. Lord, we lift our heads in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. God be the glory. Hallelujah. Bless your name Jesus. Amen. Let's go ahead and pray. Let us rise as we pray. And so, Father, we want to thank and bless your name this morning. What a privilege, oh God, and what a joy. As we gather this morning as saints, praise and glorify your name. Let our praises and offering be accepted Lord in the mighty name of Jesus. I thank you oh God for giving us this time. We bless your name. Bless our time of worship. Bless the song time. Bless the preaching also. Lord anoint the preacher this morning. We thank and bless your holy name. Lord bless even those who are home. Uh due to one reason or the other they can't be here but as a scream online. Oh God, we pray that you bless them. Oh Lord God, even those who are on their way coming, Lord, I pray that you bring them safely. Lord, we thank you for this moment. We bless your holy name. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. All right, let's go ahead and sing. Um we have a testimony this morning. Um but before we go to that testimony, this one is another one, a written one. Shalom, saints of God. Thanks for your prayers. My wife and I arrived back safely. That's from Brother Hillary. Welcome, brother. God bless you. We'll call on Brother Ben. Brother Ben has a testimony. God bless you, Brother Ben. [Music] Uh bless you saints. Mine is not a testimony in in search. It's just a thanksgiving. Uh I'd like to thank the church for the time I've been out for almost uh five weeks. Uh you all understand what was going on. Thank you for your prayers. Thank you for your support. Thank you for standing with me or with the family too. Thank you for all that you've done and uh I just want to thank God for that. I want you to I just want to thank God for your prayers and uh the way it has s sustained us or sustained me as we were going through all we're going through. And uh thank you saints. Received greetings from the church in Elder Life Tabernacle. Received greetings from the neighbors. Received greetings from other churches that came and supported us. uh denominations came and supported us to you know uh they requested to come and help you know a good Samaritan is a good Samaritan he doesn't say it's a believer he's a Samaritan so if a Samaritan shows up he welcome the Samaritan so they really came and helped us there and uh the two and the place we went went and uh you know uh buried my mom too uh same place we received greetings received greetings from the church there the denominations They came and helped the neighborhood and all that happened because of the prayers of the saints that I know that was backing me behind me and I thank God for that. I know uh in the book of Romans to uh Paul when he went to different churches he took greetings with him from where we were sent from. So I was sent by uh sent greetings from life and they asked me to come and greet the church and they said they're praying for you as you pray for them. you know, they they too went through a hard time. They lost their pastor and uh they're still in the transition. Uh you know, they have to come and vote and see who's going to take over. But let's pray for them, too. As they pray for us, we pray for them. They being this uh the saints. So, thank you so much. Thank you. And I really pray and I continue to pray that the love that the Lord has brought or is within us, we pray that that love to be cemented even as the capstone comes. Thank you. [Applause] We can clap better than that this morning. Amen. [Music] I'm the most happiest man this morning. I'm back to duty. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I'm back on duty. That's a shame on the devil. Hallelujah. Let's rise up this morning and just give him praise. Just sing this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Ask me not, oh gentle savior, in my humble cry by the longest of [Music] Lord. Savior, Savior, my heart. I love how I call you. You could not pass me by. Let me throw of mercy as we [Music] as I only believeior my humble crying [Music] Lord. be trusting only in our [Music] last I wonder save me by the grace in my heart cry. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Save the Savior [Music] my cry. [Music] [Music] Oh, I sing of all my go [Music] to me. [Music] Oh, heaven. Savior. Savior. Heaven will [Music] all thy pass. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord. All right, I think um let's go ahead when we see pastor we just change the order of service this morning. I see a cris stream of blood. from God with Christmas of God as we belong. I see a crystal stream of thought lead from Calary. [Music] We preach the throne of God as we remove from all the years of sorrow. [Music] I raise of hope for tomorrow. Across the prosperous I see a Christian stream of God from Calary Christian that throne of God has sweeping over [Music] Hey, condemnation I might return to turn away my soul from his salvation. He is in my heart to stay. I see a Christian stream of God. It falls from Calvary [Music] reach the throne of God as he overwhel. When and sadness respond to sin for you to pray. I look away to Jesus and he tells me to say Hallelujah. [Music] Take the pre of God as we move over. And when we reach the bottom, the light forever rich [Music] fighter will be the grand. I see a crystal stream of God [Music] from Calary [Music] of God as we [Music] me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Just stand to somebody and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. Shake somebody hand this morning. Amen. [Music] So, go ahead and sing the song as we change the order of service. [Music] Amen. [Music] All right. Um the deacons will go ahead and pick up the offering. God bless you. Nico then [Music] go ahead. Yeah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] and peace like a ring for a tender my way. and sorrows [Music] like singles road. [Music] Forever my Lord, thou hast taught me to say it is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Oh sit. Oh tri you come. Let the bless the show for us. [Music] The Christ heart [Music] my blessed state [Music] for my soul. Oh, it is well [Music] with my soul. My soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. My sing [Music] glory of star. My sin nothing but the whole is near to the cross. [Music] And I carry [Music] no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Hallelujah. [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Blessed be your name. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And uh it's uh good to have each and every one of us. Uh and those that are now with us that are streaming into the service also. Uh we We want to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus as we have been doing for some for some time now. And now we just want to take a few prayer needs and uh before we change the order of the service. Couple of weeks back we prayed for uh brother uh Boscap in Shivak Alaska. His uh grandson Javas and uh he text this morning update my grandson Jva he is working with uh commercial future man. He is sounding and looking really good. Praise the Lord. Amen. uh he was uh going through a little uh kind of a depression there then thinking about taking his life. We thank the Lord for that. Amen. And uh we uh another prayer knee came in this morning uh praying for brother David Galman. They pulled uh more blood to check uh his ulcer and uh IBS and and uh current disease. I'm not sure why that uh uh everything been done but we are praying that everything is is clear. The surgeon is saying that they will have to remove uh 10 inches of his of the lower part of his intestine but want to wait for few weeks and to let the inflammation goes down. Also there is an issue uh uh uh okay to let the inflammation goes down that just another thing and uh they're looking at uh how they going to pay for the surgery and all that. So we want to just uh remember our brother this morning and then uh uh brother uh brother Prader called me this morning. Actually, this is from brother Walker in Liberia. Uh, and uh he's asking prayer uh and what the situation is. It's a kind of a long uh text here, but uh I think the government either they are kind of reserveying the area in where their church is built is on some kind of a dispute. So uh uh he's asking that we pray uh because it's it's a new uh building that they have just built and with with all that they are doing there. So uh he want us to just take this knee to the Lord in prayer this morning is there if there are unspoken prayer requests in the house of the Lord you can do that by an uplifted hand. Uh these are the few that we have. Brother Hillary, the wife, you are welcome. And then uh uh uh brother, let's just bow our heads and go to the Lord in prayer this morning. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. [Music] [Music] We have heard the message shalom and all is well. [Music] There is a place of perfor [Music] beyond the ine. So rest little bride, rest for all is well. Oh all is well. I know all is well. We have heard the message shalom and all his way. There is a place of perest beyond the end of you. So rest little bride rest for all is well. Let's just sing that one more time slowly now. All is well. You have to believe it that all is well. We have heard a message shalom and all is well. [Music] We have a place of perest beyond the in. So rest little bride, rest for all is well. [Music] Also by the end of this week, some of our our young people will be experiencing their first uh camp. We want to pray for them too that the Lord will give them a wonderful time and uh we're expecting that uh they will meet the Lord and have an experience and uh uh something will will change their uh walk with the Lord and uh being among their friends and and hearing their other preachers through the week. We just pray that God will give them a wonderful time. And uh we just also next Monday 18 another uh church anniversary week is coming. We just want to once again just lift our assembly in the hands of the Lord. I'm uh um needing your prayer. uh just uh needing strength and uh asking the Lord for a few other things as we just pray together this morning. Pray for me as I pray for you. Let's pray for one another. Every family, every unspoken prayer need in our midst this morning. We have a place, saints. The name of the Lord is a mighty tower. The righteous run into and it's safe. [Music] We can go beyond the inner veil this morning. We can go beyond the the veil of our flesh. We can go beyond the veil of our mind and get a hold of God this morning. Just one word. The woman of with the blood issue never even had to say a word. It was something she said in her heart. If I can just touch the arm of his garment. [Music] As we remember the few prayer needs this morning, thanking God for all of our traveling ones and and uh brother Ben and his family there after letting his mom uh to uh rest uh uh and u we just want to just give thanks to the Lord this morning and he's been keeping us. He's been good to us with everything that is happening around us in our own individual life, family, everything that is happening around the nation, around the world, but we have a place where there is perfect rest. Come unto me all you that labor and have heavy laden, and I will give you rest. [Music] If we can just say a word to the Lord this morning. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we just want to thank you, Father. Lord, we just want to thank you, Lord God, for just uh giving us, Lord, another time, oh God, Father, to come together, Lord God, and and and to lift up your name, Lord God. It's all about your name. Your name is a mighty tower, Lord, that the righteous run to, oh God, and they are saved. Father, we thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, Lord, that you have given us, oh God. Father, that we can come together this morning, Lord. Father, thank you for God being with our traveling ones, Lord God. Father Lord, granting that we can see travel back and and uh Father Lord we just appreciate you for your love and for your mercy for your grace oh God. Father Lord upon our life oh God almighty God we pray for this prayer day. We thank you for brother Boscap grandson oh God father Lord. Oh God we pray that father he will be more than sounding good Lord he will be more than looking good to father God. He will have a change of life. Oh father, Lord Jesus, and that spirit of depression will go away from his life. Almighty God, we pray for our dear brother Lord. Oh God, father that must go through a surgery. We want to bring him to you this morning. Father God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, we pray. Almighty God, Father, Lord, you are touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Oh God, I pray precious Lord. Oh father God that your grace Lord will just come in a special way. Father, Lord, oh God, almighty God, I also prayed and asked that Lord, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, every hands that went up, oh Father God, with an unspoken prayer need that you, oh God, Father, Lord, we discern the need, oh God, Father, to minister to the same, Lord, I commit, oh Father, my weak, feeble body in your hands and pray, oh God, how I need you, precious Lord, Father God, I really need you Lord. I pray that Father, oh God, you will help us, Lord. Father, as an assembly, oh God, Father, I pray this morning that Lord Jesus, the inspiration of the Almighty, we come in a special way, to God. Oh father, Lord God, and you will just visit with us, oh father, once again you will visit with us, oh precious Lord, we pray, oh God, to you be the praise, to you be the glory, to you be the honor, oh God, I pray, Father, just come, oh God, and bless us, Lord, in your presence, Father. This assembly we committed to you. You see our need, oh God. You see the places where we are lacking, oh God. Father, you see our backsliding. Oh God, Father, Lord, you see precious Lord Jesus Christ, where we need you the most. Oh father, Lord God, we remember every home, every family. Oh God, Father, Lord, we pray that Lord Jesus, your word say when the enemy coming as a flaw, the spirit of the almighty God will raise up a stander, just raise up a standard, Father, for us, Lord. Oh precious Lord. Yes, oh Father. Yes Lord. Yes Jesus. There is a place of perfect rest beyond the end of you. So rest little bride rest for all is worth. There is a place. Oh yes Lord. We have a place of perforest beyond the in view. No rest little bride. Rest for all is well. [Music] Let's stand to our feet. Lord, I need a brand new touch. Let's sing that this morning. I don't know about you, but that's my confession. Amen. And uh we also want to greet uh brother Rafer. God bless you, brother. Yes. It's good to have you. Amen. Good to have you. Amen. Let's just let's just sing there. [Music] Lord, I you know I need a brand new touch. My strength of yesterday is gone. If Another touch. I'll have the strength to carry on. Let's sing that again. Oh Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. [Music] Just another touch, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'll have the strength to carry on. One more time now. Oh Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. [Music] You gave me, Lord, another touch. I'll have the strength to carry me all. Do you believe that this morning? If we can just get a touch from the Lord, that's all we need. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's a wonderful thing. Wonderful thing. Let's sing that to the Lord this morning. Uh before we get into what we want to share with you. Oh, what a wonderful thing. Very wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ within your head with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful, wonderful thing. Oh, it's a wonderful thing. Very a wonderful thing. So be free from sin and have Christ with him to be me and join him with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful, wonderful thing. Oh, it's a wonderful thing. wonderful place to be free from sin and have Christ with me to be made and joined with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. Let's just praise the Lord now. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. It's a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ with pain to be paid and joined with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. Lord, it's a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing to be free from sin and I price with me and join him with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful, wonderful day. Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. The music was becoming wonderful. Amen. It was beginning to enter my elements. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's just uh turn to the word this morning. I want to speak on something that I pray that the Lord will give us grace and uh uh might turn to be like an anniversary message but uh I don't know you will figure it out when we get to the end. Amen. I'm on trial this morning. You be my Josh. Amen. Praise the Lord. You appreciate the service on Wednesday night. Amen. That was that was wonderful. Hallelujah. That was wonderful. That was wonderful. Praise the Lord. And like I said, uh uh the week uh of July 18, July 18 actually fall on a Friday night. So, uh I'm thinking for us to have a all night service uh uh that that uh July 18. So, look at your program that we will we will announce to you. The last all night service we had beside uh the end of the year that was with brother Cliff Farmer. So, uh, I'm hoping I can get brother Cliff back to to preach for us that night and then stay and preach for us Sunday morning. So, it won't be a a Saturday, Friday night service of uh thanksgiving in prayer and then uh he preached Sunday morning. So, uh let's let's just keep that uh to the Lord in prayer. Hopefully the uh July 6 that will be the first uh Sunday on uh uh of uh next month we hope to have a evening uh prayer meeting which will be a communion service. So uh uh let's also keep that before the Lord. Any changes we will let you know. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And uh so by God's grace uh this morning we want to read from first king chapter 18. Very familiar very familiar uh uh uh uh what's his name there now? Um Elijah with the with the prophets the prophets of B. That's what we want to read. Elijah with the prophets of B. And I want what I want to speak on this morning. I'm I'm kind of tightening it. Uh familiar places. Familiar places. Familiar places. Let's read the scripture and uh and then we will we will now uh uh first king chapter 18. First king chapter 18. First Kings chapter 18, we would read from uh verse 20. Let's just read from verse 20. First Kings chapter 18, reading from verse 20. And so Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel, and gather the prophets together unto Mania. And Elijah came unto all the people and said, "How long have ye between two opinion? If the Lord be God, follow him." Amen. And I can say it in another way. If the message is truth, follow it. Praise the Lord. If the message of the hour is truth, follow it. If the Lord be God, follow him. But if B, then follow him. And the people answer him not a word. Then said Elijah unto the people, I even I only remain of the prophet of the the prophet of the Lord. and build their profits are 450. Let them therefore give us two bulocks. And let them choose one bulock for themsel and cut it and and and cut it in pieces and lay it on the wood and put no fire under it. And and I will dress the other bulock and lay it on the wood and put no fire under. and call ye on the the name of your God and I will go and I will call on the name of the Lord and the God that answered by fire let him be God and all the people answer and said it is well spoken praise the Lord let's pray together father we just want to ask u your blessing and say precious Lord come and help us Lord Lord, and as we try to bring this little thought of uh exitation, encouragement to your people, we just love you and appreciate you. Now, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. I thought that uh I I've said that we were I was going to have a little meeting after church. There was something that uh we we were wanting to to uh get from the city of Brooklyn Center and we have not we have not got it from them yet. Uh we're trying to to see if we can get permission to put something in the back here and uh because uh uh our uh we have uh our concern for the the children's Sunday school. Now we used uh that time just before the song service uh to to play uh uh about 25 minutes 30 minutes uh portion of of of a tape. We we've been doing that since we came back from CO and uh uh uh a way there to use for uh our other Sunday school for those that are able to come and those that are able to follow it online. uh were at that time place and uh uh and that those were things that I wanted to address. So uh since I'm not having a lot of lot of what uh I wanted to bring to you as an information uh let me not give you bit and pieces but that's that's what we wanted to talk about. We hope we can be able to to hear from the city and then uh uh decide on what we want to do. uh and and when we sit in the meeting that we can we can throw it before you and then uh we can decide what we want to do. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Now, so this this message I want to preach that I entitled familiar places uh uh I actually take it as an inspiration from uh spiritual amines here with that message was played here couple of weeks ago and I was actually studying the message when uh when realized brother Brandham says something and then asked uh sister Annette if we could play it again And uh I know uh some uh make time to come and follow you know uh the message what is play. Uh I mean some have no idea at all and uh maybe some are not interested but uh uh I mean uh we don't have a message of our own. No, we are we are just uh echoing what the prophet of the hour has given to us. Praise the Lord. and uh uh and so I'm I'm actually taking uh my inspiration from there. So I will read a few quotes from that message and I'm hoping that by the grace of God you'll be able to see it. But let me let me uh uh lay a little foundation here so you can you can be able to grab uh where I will be going this morning by the help of the Lord. And uh uh couple of years back when uh uh when uh the Lord blessed Sister Kish and uh then she had she had her surgery uh that we all prayed and and want to thank the Lord for uh uh she had to do transplant uh uh surgery which was a heal surgery. I preached a message that I entitled Familiar Voices and I don't know if you can remember it, but if you can remember, it's an opportunity for me to preach it again. So, I always love that. Praise the Lord. Amen. You just wait until the people forget, then you preach it again. You know, that's a way to to kind of for remind them. But uh I spoke on uh uh familiar voices and what and what I got that inspiration from it was from the hospital. Uh there was uh a sister that was in a very very tragic accident if some of you can remember. Uh and she was over in Rochester Hospital and uh and and she was she was almost almost determined brain dead because they couldn't they couldn't I mean she fractured her body into different many different pieces and uh and we were visiting my wife and myself and uh uh and you know and uh the nurse was was talking to her because her her sister met us and said they they you know they say they are not communicating with her brain and uh so they want to pull the plug and she said no I don't want them to do it I want her to you know pass on her own so we sat there and we talked and then the nurse came and you know and explained some few things to us that if they can just if they can just you know uh communicate with her brain then they can be they can know what to do you so they can know where the pains are and and different things and they will know what to do. So then we went in the room and uh and we and we were going to pray for her and uh uh you know and we prayed and then my wife started rubbing her hands you know and started saying uh uh uh Naomi uh I'm the one you know aren sister you know rubbing her hands and just say calling her name and uh and uh and then the nurse came in the room and after the time of the surgery that will be the first time that you know she she just did her hair like this you know she did her hair like this and then and then the the nurse said that she says she says oh my she says that's a good sign and she said she's hearing your voice but from a far place Okay. So, she's hearing a familiar voice but from a far place because she's unconscious, you know, but because of her her, you know, her her name was called and you know and and and you know and and she started saying some things to her and she wiggled her head. Now, the second time I will witness that was after Sister K. Sre uh Sister Kelly, my wife was in the room also. I mean, we were mainly there and uh and and you know, they were doing the same thing, you know, massaging her feet, rubbing her hands, you know, and calling her. That one I took a video of it. Uh I think I I still have it if if my phone is still good. And uh uh yeah, and and then when they were calling her name and rubbing her hand, you could see her just just turning her head all over the place. And you know I mean and I mean she couldn't identify anything but yet she could hear familiar voices. Praise the Lord. So when Jesus said my sheep hear my voice is because his voice is familiar. Are we together? Because his voice is familiar. And you see these are the things that medical science has broke into and they are having so much result. Praise the Lord. Amen. We are running away from familiar voices. I mean people get issues with their family. You know they don't want to talk to anybody from their from their home. They don't want to talk to anybody of their siblings and and all of those things. But yet science is breaking into these things. Praise the Lord. Amen. When a person have a a terminal disease and science has determined that this person is going to die in 6 months or 3 months, medical science will recommend that you take this person to familiar places. If they love the beach, take them to the beach. If they love h mountains, take them to the mountains. I mean, they they want to go to Disneyland, you know, just just take them to places that they have desired to go or places that they love to go. There's a reason. There's a reason. And so this morning uh I want to talk on uh familiar places. Like I said my inspiration is from that message spiritual harmonies here. And when and when brother Brandon preached the message I will give you I give you so much desire make you so tested to go and and listen to it. when he preached the message, he came out with a diagnostic. If you're right there, when he started the message, he came out with a diagnostic. And the diagnostic was he read from Amos chapter 3. And after reading from Amos chapter 3, he talks about how Israel was prospering. They were prospering and they have soon forgot because of their state of prosperity. They have they have gone into a shock because that's what causes armia is it's a shock. So they have gone into a shock coming from out of Babylon. Now they have gone into a time of prosperity. So because they have they they they had they have come into this place of shock. It had make them to start getting away from the Lord. Disregarding God's word and they were no longer caring anymore for the Lord of God, the things of God, the house of God. They were not caring for it anymore. and everybody was building their own idol and and and you know and building their own thing. So he he that that was the diagnostic that he came up with and said Israel at that time was in this condition of spiritual armia. Are we together? And he brought the church to the same place. He brought the nation America to the same place. Are we together? Amen. Now, so as he as he talks on the diagnostic, as he talks on the diagnostic and and what the people are doing, he read he he he quoted a scripture from Jeremiah where God told Israel, "I found you like a young woman under the tree that was in her own blood because she was abused by the idolatry and I took you unto myself. I clean you up. He says, "Now you have forgotten me and you are committing wom on every green tree." Praise the Lord. One will put a person in their state. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh uh you would think they at the at at a at a time of prosperity these people will will rebuild the house of God. They will rebuild their commitment to God. But you see coming from honor slavery and coming from under the stress of what to eat the stress of how tomorrow will be or I don't know if I will live to see tomorrow. Just coming out of that can put you in another shock that it's so soon that you can forget of all that the Lord has done for you and pretty soon you start claiming everything that they are the works of your hands. Praise the Lord. He talks about family life. We love our family. We love our wife, our children. He said, "What will make a man to leave his home?" He says, "It is this condition." He goes into a shock. Are we together? It's a It's an age situation. Revelation chapter 3. Uh h uh the loudish is she's found in that condition. She's rich, but yes, she's miserable. Praise the Lord. Two things that that must not go together, but yet is going together in our age. She's rich, but yet she's miserable. So as he talks about this, he goes on, he talks about family life, he talks about the church, he talks about Israel, and and as he goes alone into into his message. Now this this is the beautiful thing that I mean when uh when the Lord helped me to see it, I I just cry like a baby. I cry like a baby because I've read it. I read it. I read it many times and never saw it. At the end of the message, he will give us a story about a French soldier. If you remember, they were coming from war and all of these soldiers were wounded. They had dared with lot of things during the war. You know, he he he let us know that sometime war will put a person in their condition. Are we together? Now he says here now this this aminos here we are told uh uh it is cause it cause you to be in a place where you cannot identify yourself. Now it is it is it is unusual thing. It don't happen too often but the cause is from shock. It's some uh uh uh it's somebody that don't even know who they are. You find it from war. Sometimes soldiers, sometimes people getting it. You know another thing that cause it is worry. When people worry, they they they you you it's so easy for you to go into a shock that uh you don't even remember that God woke you up this morning. Praise the Lord. If he did not had a plan for you, you will be lying dead. If he gave you grace to see another day, he has a purpose for your life. Amen. If alarm can wake us up, let's carry in the graveyard. Are we together? Amen. So he he's letting us know when people get into a state of worry, it send them into a shock that they are not able to remember that one time in your life you went through a bad period and you came out of it. So if you are in a bad period now, you will stay calm out of it. But because you go into a shock, all of those things does not matter. Now what matter is this thing on my on my list or this thing right before me? How am I going to do it? How what what going to happen? And and God, if you are God, you know God and God and and right there now you want to make God. He was existing before you existing before your problem. But what is happening is that you have gone into a mental shock now. So he comes to the end of the the the the message as he's preaching and he tells this story. He tells this story about this French sodium and uh uh they came from war and I mean all the guys have you know they are smoking they are uh trying to smoke all the horrible things they see in the world and you know and and everything they are doing they are singing they are telling old stories and all of that. As they were driving and uh uh you know uh uh uh uh on the train, they came to a stop and uh and every one of them were given uh the liberty to go down and and take a cigarette and smoke and you know use the bathroom or just get a fresh air. Just go down get a fresh air. You know there is no misaging. There is no shooting nothing. Just get a fresh air. And this young French soldier when he got down from the train, he looks up looking at the trees, looking all around and he saw a towel. When he saw the tower, something kicks in. He started leaving his friends and started going towards the tower. And as he go as he was going they were yelling his name and the general said no leave him. Okay? Because I mean these guys they they are they they are they mess up in their in their mind. Leave him. So he started going. So he assigned to two uh some some soldiers to just go along with him. you know, he he started going and going towards the tower and you know, and he found a trail and and as he went down, he got down to a little village and he went to a certain house and out of that house came a setting man. And the man said, "Oh my son, you told me you were dead. I'm glad you have come home." Praise the Lord. So he got his healing out of this state of uh uh uh amini and and and uh depression and all the horrible things on his mind by going to a familiar place. As he got down from the tree, something came familiar. And that thing was enough to restore his consciousness. Amen. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Oh, I hope that a preacher was here to really preach this. I hope that a preacher was here to really preach this and dre this in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I and and and that is the reason why God sent us a message. Amen. That is the reason why this is called the good news. Is the the the the preaching of the gospel because the word has been sent. The book has been opened. The seals is revealed to bring us to familiar places. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. To bring us to familiar places. And that's where we want to start from this morning. That's where we want to start from this morning. Let's look in the scripture a little bit. Let's run through our Bible a little bit and and uh and and and see some things. Gen Genesis chapter uh uh 25. Praise the Lord. Genesis chapter 25. The Bible will speak about Abraham. Uh I'm I'm just going to read that quickly. If you want to write it down, you can write it down. And Abraham gave up the ghost, and he died in a good old age, an old man, and four of years, and was gathered to his people. Praise the Lord. Genesis chapter 25:17, the Bible will speaks about uh and and these are the years of Ishmael 100, and he gave up the ghost. Ishmael died and was gathered unto his people. Genesis chapter 35 verse uh uh uh 29. And Isaac gave up the ghost and he died and he was gathered unto his people. Genesis 40 49:29. And he charged him and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people. That was Jacob. Bury me with my fathers in the cave. That uh that is the field of Aaron the Hittites. Now, so you go through all of these and uh uh you know, you go through all of these uh uh I think uh yeah, I think that you go through all of these. It tells us that when when these patriots die, they will gather onto their people. there. So uh uh uh this this also brings brings a rear to us that uh uh uh uh when when when we leave when you were when you you remember brother Brandham experience behind the curtain of time okay all of the people that's why he said are these all brandams he said no these are all your convines so all of the people when we leave here we don't us to meet Abraham and Isaac. No, we meet familiar people. Praise the Lord. We meet familiar people. That's what brother Bram says at at I mean uh uh the time of the rapture. If the dead saints comes back to life, you know, it's not somebody that was in brand of tabernacle that would come here. We would not know them. It was it would be somebody that was part of this assembly. Amen. Amen. That will show up in church and as soon as we see them, we be gone. We know that something has happened. So, so are you grapping the concept of familiar? Amen. Are you graping the concept? So when we leave we we we are assembled with the people familiar people the people we serve the law with. Amen. So you see the reason why we have to be nice to one another. Amen. You can be in a church and just be a stranger. We have to uh uh uh uh uh you know be familiar with one another. Are you seeing the picture? I I just look at this quickly before I came out of the office. Uh something came to my mind. Let's let's look at Genesis chapter 50. I I just want to to build a little bit and then we will get into what we want to talk about this morning. I' I've already started preaching though. So, Genesis chapter 50. When you read Genesis chapter 50, when you read Genesis chapter 50, reading from verse 6, and Pharaoh said, he's speaking to Joseph, go up and bury thy father. I called him as he made these sword. and Joseph went up to bury his father. And uh and with him went up all the servants of uh Pharaoh, and and uh the the the elders of of his house, and and all the elders of the land, and all the house of Joseph, his brethrens, and his father house, only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herbs they left in the land of Gan. Does this sound familiar to you? Does this sound familiar? This whole thing we reading, does this sound familiar to you? Praise the Lord. Let me remind you because we are in familiar places. So, let me remind you now. Do you remember that Pharaoh requested this? Leave the little ones. and and your herbs, go up and worship and come back. Do you remember that? Amen. Now, so at at the at the at the barrier of Joseph, Israel is going to travel a familiar path. Read the rest of the chapter. Praise the Lord. Amen. They are going to bury Jacob in the promised land. They are going to travel a familiar path. I'll just I thinking about that this morning and I quickly just look at that just before I came came out of the office. Now, so uh uh this is this is what I want to bring us this morning. This is what I want to bring us. Now, here is Elijah. Let's come to our text. We'll get back there again and there is more for us to read. But here is Elijah. This uh this man of Tishbar, this uh this this prophet of God coming on the scene. We don't even know uh uh anything about his upbringing, his uh his parents and nothing like that. He's just show up on the scene and he's having the word of the Lord and condemning the idolatry that is done in in Israel. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he announced himself by calling judgment on the land. There will not be a deal or rain until I Elijah call for it. Praise the Lord. Immediately the heavens was closed. There was a drought. There was farming in the land. Three and a half years. Are we together? And the people the people don't have food. They have they're going up to to Ahab. They, you know, they're making noise. I mean, everybody use up their reserve and everything. And then and and and Y said that Ahab has sent soldiers all over the place to look for Elijah. We know the rest of the story. They met him on the mountain. He called fire down on this one. Call fire down on that one. Call fire down on the other one. Are we together? until this young uh uh Jewish boy met him and said, "No, don't don't do it. Don't do it. I mean that if if I go and tell them now that I have seen you, he's going to kill me." He said, "Go and tell Ahab." Praise the Lord. Are we together? Now, so we see all of this. We see all of this. I'm trying to to uh uh put uh some context to this so you can be able to grab the picture here. and uh uh and and and yeah, he will meet Ahab and Ahab will call him to this showdown. Let's gather all the people. Call him to the showdown and he will uh come up there to the mountain and he will be the one to give them an instruction. Well, let's let's uh let's let's ask God. You ask your God to vindicate your message. I'm I'm going to ask the God of Israel to vindicate my message. Are we together? Praise the Lord. So you take a bullock. I will take mine and and and and you can you can cut your into pieces. Put it put it on uh whatever way you want to do it. I will cut mine and do the same thing on the other side. and uh and and the God that answer by fire, let him be God. Praise the Lord. As we are talking this, I want you to keep that in your mind because you see the thing about it there is there are the uh uh let me let me ask you a question. Have you have you ever been broken in your spirit where you are broken and you are feeling a desperation for God? You are feeling a need of the Lord and it looks like he's needing you. I mean h you you are needing him and you are you are placing things around in the hands of the Lord. Have you ever had a time where God take you to familiar places in your mind? Where he takes you to places and say remember I did this for you. Remember I did this for you. You see what it does is that the a a a uh h it create faith. Amen. Amen. Because you know whether whether people believe it or not you were there. You know what happened. You know that that was God. Nothing but God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sometimes we want to say it and make people to believe it. But if people don't believe it, don't don't don't doubt your own testimony if people don't believe it. Are we together? Look at look at brother Brandham gift of discernment. never seen before everything that we have all of these uh people know there is somebody here with headache and and uh you know you you you've been feeding headache for one week now I mean if you if you discern I will put my hands up because I've been feeling headached for one week now you know and and maybe we have my wife said been feeding headache for one week now so you will have two three person that you I mean never never before that god will give such a gift in confirmation to his word he said The son of righteousness will rise with healing in his ways. Amen. That's Malachi 4:1. That was the fulfillment of that scripture. Amen. That was the ministry that raised up over a Allen and all of these men. Tommy Osborne were down in Portland when he saw that minia coming there to challenge brother Brandham and he fell right there. That man fell right there on brother brand feet. Tommy husband and his wife were sitting right in the in uh in in the audience. Now but this is what I want to say to you with all these noise I have made. Brother Brandham gave of discernment. What what what did the Lord do to raise the faith of the people? Amen. He goes back in their life. Amen. Amen. Honor discernment. I see you as a little boy. Praise the Lord. The congressman Tommy, I mean uh uh uh uh William Offer, he was sick for 60 plus years. Fell down from on on on on the hear on the h as a little boy. Broke his back. He will go back with that gift. God will take him back in the life of the people. William was sitting there in the in the service and brother Brandon says, "I see a little boy falling from off and he broke his back." We had our brother, brother uh forest farmer that preached for us years and and I'm hoping to get him back tell us a story right here in Chicago. He was there with his father as a little boy wearing brace on his foot and brother Brandon will call back there and says, "Mr. Farmer, your son is wearing brace. Take that brace off his foot now." So that gift will go back in an individual life to a familiar place. that you know that it is only God that can tell this man. So what does it does when that gift goes back? It raises your faith that if God can go back 10 years in my life, he know where I am now. He know what I'm going through. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So the discernment was to raise the faith of the people. It's your faith that heals you. It's not the discernment. The discernment was to raise the faith of the people. Amen. By taking them back to familiar places. Praise the Lord. Oh, let God take you to a familiar place one time in your life. Your life will change. Amen. Let it take you to Calvary one time. Thank you, Lord. Your life will never be the same. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to go to to new churches. We want to go to new city. Where we need to go is familiar places. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. I sure you do. Amen. Glory be to God because I'm feeling fine. Amen. I'm feeling fine. Thank you, Jesus. I was just out of strength this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, so here is Elijah standing on my candle and giving these people the option to be the first to go ahead and and and build their altar and call on by and call on. He said maybe he's sleeping. Praise the Lord. The God that answer by fire, let him be God. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Hallelujah. And you see these familiar places in your life, they are memorial. Praise the Lord. That's why you see most familiar places, they always build a monument there. So when people come back, they can remember what happened here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So they can remember Solomon says, "Don't take away the Asian landmark because those landmarks are a memorial." Elijah brings the people and then he says to them, "Bill, build your altar. I will build mine." The people went ahead building their altar, calling and shouting and and the noise that were on the mountain. 400 men yelling by whichever way they are calling him. 400 men. It was noisy. Are we together? And Elijah waited and then he waited and then he waited. Let's go back to first king chapter. There are some few things I want to read to you here, but I got to get I got to I got to lay a good foundation with this. Amen. Then the preachers will come in and take it from there. First King chapter 18. First King chapter 18. First King chapter 18. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let the God that answer by fire, let him be God. Amen. So when uh uh Elijah got these people on this mountain, we read a little bit of that uh Let's look at verse uh 29. Let's look down to verse 29 a little bit. And it came to pass when midday was passed and they prophesied until the time of the time of the of the sacrifice of the uh the the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that there was neither of voice none any to answer none any to regard. And Elijah said unto all the people, "Come near unto me." And all the people came near unto him, and he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken. When was it broken? Where was it broken? Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's look at the the the the reparation and then uh we will have an idea. Thank you, brother Dan. Thank you. Appreciate it. Let's let's look at that and then we will we will have uh let's read down a little bit here. Man, I'm glad to be inside. It's hot out there. Yeah, it was it was uh roasting out there yesterday. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. The Bible says, "And he repaired the altar of the Lord. I was broken down." Verse 31, "And Elijah took 12 stones. I call into I I call into the number of the tribe of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the Lord came, saying, Israel shall be thy name. And with the stone he built an altar in the name of the Lord. And he ma and and he made a trench about the altar as great as will uh contain two measures of seed. Praise the Lord. Now the Bible says he's repairing the altar that was broken down. Are we together? So what I want us to do is that in repairing the altar that was broken down, Elijah is trying to bring these people to a familiar place. He had to do something to remind him. Now remember now the people have gone into a shock. There was mismarages taking place. Ahab the king, he has gone down and married, you know, the daughter of that other uh uh uh uh goddess and and and h uh he married the daughter. So I mean uh the all of these things were happening. The people they were so they were so messed up in their spirit they don't even know. And even the the teachings of of of of B was so was so prominent in that day. Are we together? until everybody had an idol in their house. Are we together now? So Elijah is trying to bring these people trying to grab their mind. He's trying to do something. And the Bible says when the evening the the the the time of the evening sacrifice, he got on the mountain and he started to repair the altar that was broken down. Are we together? Let's go to Joshua chapter 4. We might not have a lot of the time to read, but let me let me just because I I do too much reading here and then I I lose my time. When you read, you will remember this was the time where Israel must go through the Jordan. And as they are going through the Jordan, Joshua instructed that the Levites go ahead of them, stand in the middle. Are we together? And the Jordan imparted. Are we together? Amen. Joshua will command the people that they should take 12 stones from under the Jordan River. They should go out and build a mon. Each tribe should take a stone and go and build 12 stones. They must build it. They must take 12 stones from the land and bring it back in the Jordan and put it together. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. And set it up. He says, "Put this together and let it be a memorial that in many days to come when you are telling this story to your children, you can point and say, you see those rocks, it was not like that. We were the one that gather it." Praise the Lord. If the Jordan fill its banks and you can't see the rock, bring them to this one out here and show it to them. That became a memorial. And a memorial is an altar. Whenever God build a memorial in your life is an altar. That's the reason why he always take you back to that place and say remember what I have done for you amen. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Amen. Amen. Because what Elijah did, God is going to use the anointing, the spirit of Elijah to do the same thing, to rebuild the altar of the Lord to bring the people back to familiar places. Amen. Are we together? Amen. And until you get to familiar places that you can remember where the Lord took you from, you you you will keep dealing with spiritual harmonia because one day you are safe, the next day you are not. You're going in the rapture and you don't even know where you going. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's what all of this kind of a undecisive behavior is among the people. They want to find comfort in in in in sitting in church, but they will not get involved in uh in in in in in something for the Lord. They will not get involved in something. I was talking to a a good friend of mine uh uh a couple of weeks ago and and we were talking and I was just I was trying to fish fish on him a little bit and you know and I I I just told him you know yeah my my uh my friend I I I'll have to you know pick you up one of these days you know so we can we can get back on the field and do he just you know I'm I'm not a minister. I said well he gave me the right thing to shoot him all over the legs this morning. You don't have to be a minister to do something for God. Amen. You don't have to be a minister. This is not just a a a kind of a showcase work. Wear neck tied. Put a bunch of coats together. Praise the Lord. Jesus said, "Let men see your good work and glorify your father in heaven." Let your neighbors see your good work. that your work may see your good work. Let him hear about what God has done for you. Amen. John Wesley said, "The sky is my pit. Wherever I find myself honor the heavens, I will declare the goodness of God." Praise the Lord. Amen. We have to bring uh good shepherd to familiar places. We got to bring you back to familiar places. Amen. For us to be thankful for where God has brought us from. And don't and don't get a feeling that we have arrived. Yeah, that's where your backsliding starts because a a shock will enter the changes in your life and the different things you will be dealing with. It's easy to throw you into a shock. It's an unconscious thing. It's an it's an unconscious thing. You enter right in there and before you realize, you don't know how to trace your step back on your knees. You don't know how to trace your step back to take your Bible and read because you are in a shock. The whole world is on fire and you are giving the responsibility to put it off. Amen. Only you giving the responsibility to solve the problem of the whole world. Amen. Amen. You are in a shock that you don't even know how to tell God, thank you for waking me up this morning. You wake up straight on Facebook and and who has sent me message? Who has sent me text before you realize you are gone? You are in a shock. You were not like that before. Praise the Lord. You read the message. I mean Abraham comes right back to this very same story. That's what I'm using this as my text. He come back to this very same story and tell us that you know God had to use Elijah. Take the people because what a h a minia will put you between two opinions. That's what he said. He said they will put you between two opinions. And you are struggling between these two opinions. And that's where Israel was. They were between two opinions. They were still tied to their denomination of belief. And yet they want the revival of the day. They want the manifestation of the son of God. Oh, I can I can't wait. So we can speak things into existence and you start making lists of people you will speak you will speak yourself out of existence. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? So Elijah comes here on the mountain and what he does is that he takes 12 stones. Praise the Lord. Amen. If these people were reading their Bible, they were so deep in idolatry that it couldn't even move them. He took 12 stones and patted them together would not be enough to remind you that this is what God did when he brought us out of Egypt and brought us into the promised land. He built a memorial. He told our fathers to build memorial. Amen. If you don't bear memorial, your children will have nothing to look back to. You must build memorial in your home. Let your children remember. Amen. Amen. We woke up and we prayed. Amen. Let them remember. Amen. Amen. Not your favorite television show or your favorite what? Whatever it is, be a memorial. Amen. The people were so so down, destroyed in idolatry that they couldn't even remember that God gave them a memorial. Amen. And until we build a memorial. Amen. Praise the Lord. One of these days, people will look back to this place, they can't even remember that there was a group of people here. There was a church on this corner. What kind of a memorial are you building young people? What memorial are you building? How you want to be remembered or you want you want us to make story when you are gone. Praise the Lord because we we good to make story. He was a nice guy. And I just half the half hour I he stopped. He Yeah, he was a nice guy. Yeah, he he was a nice guy. Very quiet. Nice guy. Praise the Lord. What memorial are you building? What are your co-workers going to remember you from when you no longer working in that company? When you no longer laying down that street, what your neighbors going to remember you for for take 12 stones tomorrow when you are telling these stories or your children eyes what meanth that and you set them down then the story become real. Why? because you have brought them to familiar place. Amen. Amen. The message become real when we can come to familiar place. Glory be to God. You love the Lord. Amen. I sure you do. I don't know how how can we come up with this statement. You love the Lord. If you didn't love the Lord, you won't be sitting down. You're listening to all of these things I'm saying. I don't know how we come up with that. You love the Lord. You love the Lord. Praise the Lord. Anyway, y'all just forgive us. Amen. But I'm hope that this is this is getting home to you. I'm I hope that is getting is getting right there with you. you know he says yeah uh another thing and another thing that causes it among people is getting between two opinion that just like what I said uh that will cause amnesia uh and uh it gets you to a place where you actually you have done you have lost your reasoning You have lost your mind. You don't know who you are. You can't identify yourself. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Bible says we are dead and our life is hid in Christ. For this reason, Paul said, "It's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me." Praise the Lord. Amen. We have a new uh uh identity. We have a new identification. Glory be to God. You can walk around it and everything, but you still can't identify yourself. You know, that's that's the condition what Nebuchinnezza was in. He couldn't identify himself. Seven years because of the spirit of pride. God literally gave him the people of Israel to discipline them because what? They defied the Sabbath. They never allowed the land to rest. God raised him up. He said, "My servant Nebuchinnez." And he took that to himself. He got into a shock. Think about it. He got into a shock. When we get into these situations that sometimes you see that we take for common and and a person will think that h I'm the one doing it. It's my decision. Spiritually, you are in a shock. That you will use your own hands to destroy the thing that you are building. No matter how you try to to to to uh tell yourself that uh you know I I choose to do this. No, you enter a shock. Normally you will not do it under normal circumstances. You will not do it. Praise the Lord. Until we begin to realize and appreciate that everything we have, he give it to us. He gave it to us. Praise the Lord. Your job, your finance, your family, he gave it to you. You must acknowledge that. Keep that before you. Are we together? Amen. Brother, go ahead. Here. He says, "And we are identified with our family and human life." He says, "By marriage and our wives and and and and we marry." He says, "And our family, we identified by the union." And then and then what to think? What if this horrible thing will happen and and and you and you wouldn't be able to remember you are married. Who your wife? Who is your children? Who who is your father? Who is your mother? Who is your neighbor? You are just in that state. When this place used to be a cherished place, you drive to now you can drive by and don't even remember that there is a church on this corner. when it used to be a cherished place. What is happening? We don't remember quiet time. We don't remember prayer time. We don't remember church order. And we think that we are advancing in the message. No, no, no. Something has gone wrong. Now there is a place when you get this amnesty said you might get like Nebuchadnezzar. Okay, just like what I said. So I'm just telling you that's what I took my inspiration from this morning. But this is what is happening. So Elijah comes and build this and see what he says. See what he says as the prophet build this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. And with the stones he built the altar in the name of the Lord and made trenches about the altar. Verse 33. And he put the wood on it and cut the bulocks in pieces and laid them on the wood and said, "Fill four barrels of water." And he said, "Do it in uh the second time." They did it the second time. He said, "Do it the third time." And the water ran down the trench. Praise the Lord. And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elijah the prophet came near and said, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel. Let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and I am thy servant, and that I I have done all these things at thy word. Praise the Lord. Amen. It is the word of God because why? God told Joshua to make a monument. Praise the Lord. Amen. You want to look uh uh uh uh also there in in in Exodus when Moses when Moses built the h came down with the tablets. When God gave him the word, what he did, the Bible says he built 12 pillars with stones. After he received the word, God told him to build 12 pillars with stones as a memorial that this day I have given you my word. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Now let's look at some few things and then I try to wrap this whole thing up this morning. You love the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus. Revelation chapter 13. Let's look in Revelation chapter 13. Let's look in Revelation chapter 13. Or you want to first take uh Ephesians chapter 1. If you want to take Ephesians chapter one first before we go to Revelation, let's take uh the Apostle Paul, Ephesians chapter one and and see what he says here. Hallelujah. Ephesians chapter 1, Paul who says here in Ephesians chapter 1 verse three, blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus who have blessed us with all spiritual blessing in heaven and places in Christ. by calling as he have chosen us in him before the foundation of the word. Why we can remember? Amen. Why we can't remember? Because when we fell, we went into a shock. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Because when we fail like uh what what brother Israel Ariel preached on Wednesday night with uh uh uh Mashibusha 7 throwing him down. Oh that was just a beautiful time. Amen. That was a beautiful time. I told him while he was preaching I was writing and trying to write on the names the meaning of the names and I saw him going into it. I said well Lord the Holy Ghost have already taken over. I I keep my comment. Praise the Lord. I don't need to add to it. It was just beautiful. But I call in as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy without blame before him in love. He has choose us in him before the foundation of the word. Are we together? Sin has put us, the fall of Adam has put us into shock that we think their holy life is hard for the person to live holy and live righteous and do right is hard. No, but he choose you. That was the picture he took about you. Revelation chapter 13. Are we together? Revelation chapter 13. I love how the Holy Spirit did it right here. Revelation chapter 13 uh verse 8 and and 17 verse8. The the Bible says the same thing. Beautiful. You see how God will dwell all day. See right here, Revelation chapter 13 verse 8. And all that dw upon the earth shall worship him whose name are not written in the lamb book uh in in in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. So here the Bible is making us to know that there are names that was written in the lamb book of life. Are we together? Chapter 17 verse8. Also the beast that thou saw it and is not and shall and shall descend out of the bottomless pit and go into pedition and they that dwelt upon the earth shall wonder whose name were written in the book of life from the foundation of the world. So when God choose us in him he wrote our names on the lamb book of life. Praise the Lord. Amen. When he choose us in him to be holy and live right and be a memorial, we should be God's memorial. Amen. He wrote our names on the Lamb book of life. Are we together? That was what he did. Hebrews chapter 4 verse three. We come into familiar places. Praise the Lord. We got to get out of this arm here before we go in the rapture. We cannot go in the rapture doubting our position in Christ. We can't go in the rapture doubting whether we will make it, whether we will not make it. You got to get out of your state of uh of uh h spiritual armies here. And it would takes the word of God. It would takes the message of the hour. That's why those seals were open. That's why he will come with a thanksgiving message and say to you, you never did it in the first place. Amen. You were trapped into it. Why? He's trying to take us to familiar places. Amen. But we are held down with habits. We are held down with uh with h the memory of our past and and and and the things we are struggling with in our body. Instead of accepting God's word, sitting on our feet and said, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the word." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Until you take that position, you will never break free. You will always try try and sin will drag you back down again. Hebrews chapter 4:3 says what he says here uh uh uh uh uh verse two for unto us was the gospel preached as as were unto them but the word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith in them that hear it for we which have believed do enter into rest as he dead as I have swn in my wrath. If they shall enter into my rest, although the works were finished from the foundation of the word, the works were finished from the foundation. Amen. That's the reason why when he came on the cross and he paid the price, he could say, "It's finished." This was what was left. I can reclaim my ill back because the works were finished. I've paid the price of redemption. Amen. is now if they can believe it. I have to send them a prophet to take them to familiar places and bring the word of God that will be able to take them to familiar places that you were chosen in him before the foundation of the word. Are we together? Amen. Oh, you love the Lord. Amen. See what Jesus will say to his say to his disciple. St. John chapter 17. You love the Lord. Amen. You got to pray for me for me to stop saying that. That's my prayer request. Amen. Amen. I keep saying it which means you're not praying enough. I believe God will answer your prayer and will be delivered. St. John chapter 17, you know, we call Matthew chapter 6, we call that the Lord's prayer. That that actually is not the Lord's prayer. When you when you really studied it, you know that God was giving us a way when you pray. He said when you pray say Matthew St. John chapter 17. This is the Lord's prayer when he prayed and it says in John H Matthew 11 when he says, "Father, I thank thee." That that's that's the Lord's prayer. That's the Lord praying. He said, "Lord, Father, I thank thee that you have hid these things from the wise and the prudent and you have revealed unto babies such as we learn. people that can be willing to go back to familiar places. Men always want to go to places we all having dreams. I wish I can go to this place. I want to go to that place. It's always places that we have never been before. But God desire is to bring you to places where you were before. Amen. Places where your memorial is laying. Amen. Amen. places where when you get back you remember and say I was at this place before. St. John chapter 17 he says father 24 I will that day also whom thou has given me be with me where I am that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me for thou loveth me before the foundation of the word. Praise the Lord. Amen. He says, "Let them see it, Lord. Let them see the glory. Let them see the glory that they had before the foundation of the word. Living in a state of innocence, no evil desire, no evil thought. Praise the Lord." Amen. We have tasted it. It's hard to get back. This flesh. It's hard. It's hard. That's the reason why Christian life is a daily battle. It's a daily fight. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. You are reclaiming your glory. Your flesh is telling you something different. You are saying no I don't believe you. I believe the glory that I had with the father before the foundation of the world. I believe he choose me in him. I'm elected in him. That's what I believe. Amen. Oh my. See what this man says. See what this prophet of God says right here. Serpent sea. He says, "We are taught in the blessed word that we have fellowship with him before the foundation of the word." When the morning star sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy way back before the foundation of the word. How how do we know that that wasn't at the same time the lamb was slain? That when God in his great thinking seen us shouting and rejoicing in our salvation through Christ, we don't rejoice in our salvation. We sit down like people that need help. The word is being preached. God's thought declared unto you. We must be rejoicing in our salvation. We must be saying, "Thank you, Jesus." Amen. We don't rejoice in our salvation. We just said the poor me. Oh me. Oh man. Oh God have mercy. Oh help me. Man, sin can abuse people. Sin has abused us so bad. that we we struggle to identify with our self. We struggle to identify with our real self. Our real self coming from out of the out of God's word. You see, but but uh the thing about it is that many times we try to do it in ourself. If you recognize God's truth and and and God's word asks you to be born again, you have to take step to everything that God's word command you. If the word of God says repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus, you got to take step to God's word and says I believe that and and it's the word of God. I want to get back to what what reality I was. Amen. But many times people we we try to sort it out in our mind. We try to work our way. I'm going to take seven days of fast. The message was powerful today. When I go home beginning this week, I'm going to fast the entire week. Praise the Lord. And then we carry oursel down through hunger strike. Amen. Not staying in prayer, not reading God's word, not dedicating ourselves. You just on a hunger strike booty in his great thinking. Praise the Lord. He's seen us shouting and rejoicing in our salvation through Jesus. And tonight we we only got a foretaste of the great glory divine which shall be revealed at his coming. He said the same thing in the manifest the psalms. No wonder when the monsters sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy when they seen the plan of salvation. God putting your name on the book of on on on a book before the foundation of the word. Praise the Lord. You see Jesus told the same thing to his disciple. Don't rejoice because you are casting out demons. Rejoice because your name is on the book. It never came real to John until he found himself on the island of Patmos. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. and one had a bug that no one was worth it. Glory be to God. That was the reason why John says, "Every creature in heaven, on earth, beneath the earth, help me. You be shouting because he saw his name." Amen. But Jesus told him when he was here and in his earthly ministry, he told him, "Your name is on the Lamb book of life. Don't worry. You'll see your name one of these days. Not there yet. Yeah, you will see your name. Not there. Don't wait to get there. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Those skills fall will fall off and and something will open in your heart and then you will realize I'm not what I used to be. Amen. Even though I'm not there yet, but I'm not what I used to be. Amen. Amen. It starts to give you an appetite for godly life and clean life and and and all the hateful thoughts out of your mind and and hateful desires out of your mind because it's possible. If he choose us in him to be holy, it's possible for us to get there because it's his choice. It's not your choice. All he need to do just bring you to familiar places. Have you ever gone back to the place of your childhood where you grew up? You know the feeling. I remember one year I was I was coming coming from Liberia. I was going to coast. I came through the border and I needed to pass in the city where our church was and I was I tried I was I I tried to do everything to disguise myself because it was not too safe and uh but I wanted to see if the building was still standing. So I went and uh the place was yet so quiet and and you know I was just and as I was and as I was going down the street I mean goosebump was just coming all over my body. Why? Because I was in familiar places. I could see the places, you know, I go and buy roasted food on the on the street. I could see the places and in the market hall. I came right down. As soon I came down the market, our church, our church building was right down there. I was just standing and looking and this guy came from behind me. He recognized me. It was my landlord's son, you know. He recognized me. He says, "Man, where where where have you been?" I said, "No, I'm in Abby Jen." He says, "My mom, my mom talk about you all the time. Let's let's go home." I said, "No, no. I have a bus. I got a job. I just I didn't want to call crowded, you know, uh bring a scene, you know, but uh I mean that's that's what it is. Every time I go home, uh uh uh uh Brother Caleb Church is right in the area where I grew up. I love going down there. There is something about going to familiar places. There is something about going to familiar places. And that's what the ministry of Malachi 4 has come to do to take us back to familiar places. Before we came here, before we bypass our family, the word has come to take you back to familiar places. Amen. for you to be seeing yourself as a son of God. Not just a church member, not just a church member, a son of God that love God. Amen. That is in love with God. That want to meet God's purpose for their life. Amen. Lord, if it is just one person, Amen. that my life can be a witness to. Yeah, let me tell them the kind of ugly daily life I used to live. But the grace of God took me from that trash. That's what God want to make out of you. Amen. God want to make you little memorials. Somebody can say, "You see that guy down there? You see that girl? Your life touched me. That's why he want to make out of us. When people tell their story, they can bring you back. That's that's the thing about memorial. The story is not complete until certain things are said, until certain names are called. Amen. Oh, I love the Lord. I'm feeling so good this morning. Amen. And you know why I'm feeling good? Not because I'm preaching. I'm feeling good because this thing came so real to me. It came so so real to me. You don't know. You don't know how I feel. You don't know how I feel. So this this is just a testimony. It's not it's not even a message I'm preaching. It's just a testimony. Amen. And that's what God does. You see all these characters that are in the Bible. All these character that the they are familiar places of your life that God hid in those character. That's the reason why they can preach about David and you can see yourself in David. Why God use those men life in such an extraordinary way? Honor, inspiration. They said things when David said, "My God, my God, why have thou forsaken me?" A man had looked like uh what is he talking about? God has been good to him. But he was under inspiration because that would be the very same word that Jesus would say. Amen. Amen. Amen. And that's the reason why the word of God, this Bible becomes so it becomes a new book because you're not just reading ancient Jewish history. You are looking in a mirror of God's word and you can see yourself. Amen. I have been there before. I know what it is. I know what rejection means. Yeah. Praise the Lord. That is the work of the Holy Ghost to bring you back to familiar places. Jesus said when the Holy Ghost come, he will do what? Remind you to bring you back to familiar places because that is the only way that a person can come out of amia. That is the only way if these things start becoming so real to us that God choose me and put my name on the lamb book of life before the foundation of the word. He choose me in Christ to be holy to be right. If that becomes so real is enough to change your life. It's enough to change your life to create a desire in you to be more like him. Amen. Amen. Oh, you just packed me up this morning. Amen. Oh, I thank God for the atmosphere. Amen. I thank God for the atmosphere. Thank God for his word. Amen. He want to bring us to familiar places. Praise the Lord. Think about that those that that couple that brother talk about on the brink of divorce and they are splitting everything. They get in the attic of their house and their hand gets on the baby shoes. A baby that they had and that baby is dead. What happened? They came to a familiar place in their life. One shoes and it was enough to heal their divorce. Amen. That's all God needs just to bring you to a familiar place. And let it become so real to you. The things that we hold so dear and you know and and and we busting our brain about. We know that if he can take care of the birds, he can take care of us. We're not preaching slothfulness and lives. But we're not going to take ourself above God's work. We're not going to take oursel above when I know that I'm supposed to be a memorial. Amen. supposed to be a living monument. Amen. That's what Peter says. That's what he want to be. He want you to be a living monument. I challenge you really get in prayer. You get down in prayer and I mean you are just so much there in prayer. You praising God and you thanking God. Let he just take you to familiar place. You break down and start crying. It change you from inside. Let God just take you to a familiar place in your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's what he love to do. Praise the Lord. Because you see, heaven is strange to us because of the shock of sin that we are in. Amen. But when the sins gets on the other side, every word is familiar. Praise God. Why? Because they are delivered from this shock. They know as he is known. Amen. Praise the Lord. And even in that state, you can be able to reckon with this life because an understanding breaks out that you begin to see, oh, I see why I went through that. Oh, I see why this happened. Oh, I see why this happened. Because the fullness, the fullness of knowledge is there with you. But right here, we trapped in this body. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why you read something, you say, "Oh, I see it. I see it." And tomorrow you get back, "Oh, I see it. I see it." The same thing you saw it yesterday, you see it again. Because why? It keeps opening slowly. Slowly your consciousness is coming back. Your consciousness is coming back. You make mistake, you say, "Oh Lord, have mercy upon me. Please help me. Lord, please help me. Please help me. I don't want to be like this." Why? Because your consciousness is coming back. Medical science broke into this. Yeah. They broke into it. You know why? H a science started putting television in in the patient's room to get their minds off their sickness. Because when you put some kind of a funny thing on, you are laughing laughing laughing. It it it helps the nails of your body. It relax you. So your mind is off your sickness. When a person is in a state of coma and other thing, they want they want close family members. Why? Because they are tapping into these things. Maybe if the person hear a familiar voice, it will grab their attention and all of this. Praise the Lord. When that veil leaves from your eye, the message of the hour is not a strange voice to you. Praise the Lord. You hear it. It looks like you have heard it before. Yeah, you heard it when you were with the father. When you were an attribute in your father. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's why the person can say, "Oh, that you know that I was looking for this truth. Something was telling me." Yeah. It was a familiar echo. Amen. Coming from far. Oh, hallelujah. Let's just give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why God sent a prophet, people. It's not to make a cut out of us. No. God sent us a prophet to bring us familiar voice. Amen. Familiar saying to to to take us to familiar places, our names in the book, our predestinated h election, adoption. Praise the Lord. The Bible says the prodical son came to himself. He was in a shock eating from pig pen. But when he came to himself in his mind in his spirit he remember in my father house even the servants don't eat this thing what am I doing yet that was how he pick up his bed put in your resination and went back home because he came out of his shock even the dogs don't eat this then you think about in your father house amen honor your father provision. You think he want you to be slave to be enslaveing yourself just to meet your needs. No, he want you to trust him. That he can bless you. Amen. He can bless you. He can put you to a place where you can enjoy the joy of your salvation. When even when you going to work, you are happy to be going to work because you know you you are going to work. You are a monument. You are a testimony. You don't have to be compromising, telling lies and you making up stories to survive. Your heavenly father, amen, will want you to be making story to survive. That's how much we have reduced God to. That's how much we have reduced him. That God can only bless me if I enslave myself to the system. Musicians, you can come Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] I don't know about you this morning, but just like I said, [Music] Brother Brandon talks about that slave that says I'm not for sale. Talks about that man and sat right there. He knew that back home his father is a king and uh and because it was real to him even though he was far away from home he was not going to enslave himself. He was not going to allow his chains to define him. He was not going to allow his different environment to define him. He knew I'm a son of a king. Whether in chains or not, I'm going to behave as a son of a king. See how it's so easy now and day for people to back up on the word of God. Our trust bank is so empty. Our trust bank is so low that as soon as we face a little thing, it's so easy for us to back up on God. It's so easy instead of trusting God and and taking more steps and making more effort and say Lord you you have brought me this fire you are more than able [Music] I don't know where you are this morning, [Music] but God desire to take you to familiar places if you love to travel with him. [Music] If you love to travel with him and want to take his hands, he's ready to take you down familiar places. He's ready to show you how grace has been so good to you. He has been so good to us more than we deserve. [Music] [Music] And sometimes that's all we need. That's all we need as individuals. That's all we need. [Music] When things gets rough and it looks like nothing is making sense and nothing is taking a hold, all you need is just get down and cry and just ask God to take your hands and and let you just carry you down the little path. Sometimes it just take five minutes and the atmosphere around you change your mind is set up. You say, "Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] This message never came to condemn you and then never came to just uh enslave you and and and and and and put you on a legalization. God has come. He know that we trapped in a body. We trapped in a body. It's a cage. It's a cell. [Music] And until he help us out, we would die with our lustful desires. We will die with our anger. We will die with our bitterness. Until God reach down and get us out of that state where he can change our lives. We'll be sitting right in his mercy. We'll be sitting in a provision that he has made and we still be having desire to destroy our own life. destroy our family just for some kind of a stupid pleasure, just for some kind of a stupid past life. [Music] precious memory. Oh, how how they lingered. Ah, there ever floss my soul in the stillness of the midnight. Oh, let almighty God just get you in that condition. that he just gets you in that condition or he can condition your mind and just condition your heart. Many of us are life life is better for us no matter what you are going through. You can't compare it to what it used to be. How much more? How how much more should God do to make himself real to you? We are always trusting one thing or another. We can't trust the Lord. It's so easy for us to let go on God. The one that holds our very existence, the one that holds our life, it's so easy for us to let go on him. [Music] I hope that God as a church he will bring us back to familiar places. We started as a little group of people yet we could hold conventions. Now we have we have just become a slothful group of people drag our feet to church. And and and I mean I mean things is just we we make special meetings on the weekend and and you don't see people in church. Uh well what is happening? What is happening? What's what's what's going on in in our in our spirit man? Don't tell me about bills. How did you survive before you came to paying bills? [Music] We don't make God first in our life. He's not our priority. [Music] We find every lean thing to make excuses of. [Music] I mean, when we went through the co it was just like a revival. We were going from house to house having communion. Prayer meetings were going on. We came back to church. I mean, uh h it was just such a present of communion and such an atmosphere. [Music] Start a singing group dedication where all of these things have gone. What has happened? [Music] That's a spiritual shock somewhere. [Music] Think about our families. Think about our children. What are we teaching them to trust? What are we teaching in what kind of life are we are we setting before them that this is how life is? You just strip yourself naked and and and dress and and all of those things because that's what they look at. That's what they see. [Music] [Music] While the music plays softly, let's just pray together this afternoon. Maybe you are just like me. How I want God to take me to familiar places. How I want him to take me back. [Music] Take me back. [Music] Take me back, dear Lord. [Music] Heavenly Father, Almighty God, Lord Jesus, we try Lord God to to use this Lord Father to call ourself to a sort in the family. [Music] Lord, we are caught between two opinions. Lord, we are caught between two opinions. We are caught into this shock of father Lord God where our natural needs appeal to us more than our spiritual need. It's not just enough to be baptized in Jesus name. It's not just enough to believe that brother Brandham is a prophet. There is a place. There is an inner chamber. There is an inner chamber. [Music] There's a place where he want to have communion with us. There's a place where he want to take us where we can be able to meet the purpose of our life. The very purpose why he breath us into the chamber. [Music] All of you young people, all the little ones, we're beginning to to lost our young people. Why? Because what kind of a memorial that is set before them. They will have to come to that place. They will have to come and make choices. There's a whole lot that they deal with out there. When they go to school, they go to work. Lot of voices appealing. A lot of things appealing. They see things people do. The way they dress, the way they carry themselves, the kind of filthy music they listen to, the filthy things they see. [Music] Parents, are you thinking about what memorial are we building for our children? [Music] Are they seeing the loving father through us? Do they come into the room and find you praying? [Music] softly now into [Music] the chamber. Be sweet. Oh yes, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly love. Let thy present cover. Oh sh [Music] I long for. Oh yes into. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Thank you for sending the prophet. Thank you Lord God. Father Lord Jesus. Oh God. He never only told us Lord Father God of a state lord of Armin is here. Yet he tell us oh God how we can be delivered father Lord that he's going to bring us to familiar places oh God in the word. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Should I guide on anything more? This is really what I long for into the chamber. [Music] Be free. Holy Spirit. Yes. Speak to me gently as I I'm on my knees. Ever. [Music] Let your sweet presence, let your presence cover. Oh Jesus shine guide unending. Lord God, this is really a word I need. Oh heavenly father, oh Jesus, oh God, father, Lord, you know where we are stuck in our life. You know father God where we are stuck Lord where our mind is stuck Lord maybe is seized by oh God something that surprises us Lord God something that Father we expose ourself to something Lord Jesus Christ oh God that we just can't get over Father take us to familiar places Lord take us to familiar amiliar places. Oh God, remind us Lord take us to familiar places. Sometime we need to remember that we went down the we went down the aisle. Sometime we need to remember that we were standing right before a minister and taking a a vow. Sometimes we have to remember when we were lying in the hospital room giving birth to a child. Sometime we have to remember Lord, you know, Father, what will resonate with us? You know what will resonate with us, Lord. You know, Father God, oh Jesus, oh Jesus. Oh Jesus, take us to that place, Lord. Take us to that place, oh God, where once again we can rebuild an altar. We can build a monument, Lord. We can leave a memorial, Father God. We don't just want to live our life for ourself. We want to live for others. We want to live for others. Oh God, sometimes we just need the sweetness of your presence. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus, you know where our mind is, Lord. You know where our spirit, you know the things that are going through our thoughts this very moment, Father. Oh, Father God, if we can just let go and let God have his way. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. One time Samson with his eyes out his bounty changed he can't see [Music] but God talking back to a familiar place and the Lord told him touch your head. And when Samson raised his hands in chains and he touched his head, he realized his hair was growing. He have come to a familiar place. And the Bible say he called for the lead and said, "Take me to the pillow of the post. Take me to the pillows of this house." Why? Because he have come to a familiar place. [Music] If you ever been to a familiar place, [Music] oh God, oh God, [Music] oh father, Lord, oh Jesus. Samson stood between those PS. He said, "Let me die with my enemies." [Music] And the Bible say he he d he killed more in his death than he killed in his life because God reminded him. He got back to a familiar place. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. You know how our life has gone in cycles Lord. How we have gone in cycles Lord. We have gone around the same issue over and over over and over over and over. Only you. Only you Lord. Only you, Lord God, only you, Father, can wake us up to the moment. Only you can wake us up to the reality. [Music] Oh God. Oh God. Please Jesus. Father, do it for me this day. Do it for each and every one of us. Oh God. Do it for this assembly. Lord, [Music] oh sweet Jesus. Oh father, oh almighty God, oh creator of heaven and earth. Lord, please. Lord, please Jesus. I pray that God, you will move on every heart to God. Move in every home. Lord, move in this assembly. Father God, Lord, if you take us back, Lord Jesus, our life will never be the same. [Music] If you [Music] Father, I pray that you bless us now as we leave, Father. And uh go with us, Lord God. Bless the day, Lord God. Father, it's our day, Lord Jesus. And we just Lord find a place of God where we can uh think on these things. We can sit down Lord God father with our wives with our children with our brother or the sister talk these things over. Oh, thank you, Father. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Just bless us now, Lord God. Commit the service on Wednesday night in your hands, oh God, that you will meet us here, Father, where we gather in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you Jesus. [Music] [Music] Let's uh let's uh try that song. Come walk with me. Come with me. I hope we have the worst day. We go through so many songs that uh I don't know the ones that uh we have the songs. Come walk with me. The way is straight and narrow. Come walk with me. You cannot walk alone. [Music] For the road is long and there are many dangers. Come walk with me and I will meet you. I walk with me with his strength and the road. Come walk with me. You cannot walk alone. For the road is rough. There are many in the earth down walk with me and I will leave you. Praise the Lord. I'm completely out of tone this afternoon. Amen. That's the last the last uh phrase of the song is not there. I don't know why. And I will lead you home. Let's just look for the song to sing. You have one there. Amen. Let's stand on our feet. See, there are people almost everywhere and one of them [Music] Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of dead. There are people now. There are people almost everywhere that's all the fire [Music] is burning down within our glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can't say I'm one of Let's see one of them again. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of dead. Hallelujah. One of them. Oh yes. I'm so glad that I can say one more time now. One of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people though are learning n they have all receive Pentecost baptiz in Jesus name. I'll tell you now both fire and wine is the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them again. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. Are you glad that God has brought you to familiar places? Amen. Amen. Amen. Sometimes that's all you need. If you're dealing with a situation in your home, in your family, all you need just travel back. Sometime it's just enough to help you reconcile your differences. Praise the Lord. I hope it was a blessing to you because I'm really blessed. You know, the Lord really helped me with that. He helped me really helped me with that. I was just I was really in deep thoughts, you know. He really helped me. He really dealt with my life. And you know, uh it's it just changed things for me. That's all the Holy Ghost want to do. bring you back to familiar places where you have been before. It's not a strange place. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. We see you on Wednesday night in Jesus name. I'm so glad I can say one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We have to be when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I to Satan to get me behind. Victory today is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I told Satan to get him behind the Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get him behind. Oh, joy today is mine. Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I told Satan to get him behind. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with grace. Now we say this is a day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad I will rejoice for he has made me. I will enter will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his call with praise. How we say it is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me love. May God bless you. Have a nice week. [Music]
