################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - 03-23-2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - Messiah the Prince - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   03-23-2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Messiah the Prince
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfNO5A8tAyY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you this morning. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what the glory he shed on our way will do his good will. He abide with us still and with all who will trust and oy trust and oy for there is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy Not a shadow can rise, nor a cloud in the sky, but his might quickly drive it away. Not a doubt nor a fear, nor a sight nor a tear can abide when we trust and oy. trust and oy for there is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and [Music] oy nor the burden we bear nor the sorrow we share But all he does, [Music] nor a grief, nor a loss, nor a frown, nor a cross, but if we trust and oy, trust and oy, for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus, but to trust and oy. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Let's go ahead and rise. You deserve the glory. and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in [Music] worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the homor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. You deserve the [Music] gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. God, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. What a joy. What a privilege to be in his presence this morning. Turn to somebody and give them a smile this morning. Hallelujah. It's always a joy to be in his presence this morning. Okay, we have a prayer request here this morning. God bless you saints. Uh please remember me in prayer. I have a minor procedure tomorrow. Thank you. That's from Sister Alice. And this was also a prayer request from sister Naomi. Uh continues prayer for my niece, my niece's son Noah. He needs uh a knee and wrist surgery. And it's one of the prayer request. The second one, pray for my brother Paul. He's back in the hospital. pray that they can help improve his health. Let us just bow our heads as we remember those needs in prayer this morning. Pray for somebody this morning. Let's pray for the service this morning. And so, Father, we thank you, oh God, for giving us this wonderful time. Such a wonderful privilege, oh God, for us together this morning. We bless your name, Lord. We thank you for this hour. We thank you for this moment. We thank you oh God that you come and grace our occasion oh God. Lord you have promised us that where two or three are gathered in your name you will be there to bless them. Lord we thank you for your word I'll come forth this morning. Bless the song service. Bless every aspect of the service this morning. We thank you oh God for the prayer request. Oh God bless uh sister Alice. Lord we pray that you be the master surgeon above every surgeon. Oh God, sister Naomi's prayer request. Lord remember her. remember her nieces. Lord, I want to thank you for brother Paul. Remember him also, Father. We thank you, oh God, for even those of us that have different needs. Oh God, we bless your name, oh God. We thank you, oh God. To you, Father be the glory. You are such a wonderful God. Lord, be with us this morning. We thank you and we glorify your name. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. What a joy and what a blessing. [Music] Hallelujah. Years I spent in vanity and pride caring not my lord was crucified. Oh, we not for spooky to die at merger was great and grace was free. There was multiplied to me. Yeah. My brothers who found liberty at [Music] Calvary by God was also at the law I sprout till my soul is worthy at Calary. Mercy there was great and praise was free to cry to me. Yeah. My brother and soul from liberty are worthy. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Mercy that was great and praise was free. There was multiplied to me. Yeah. My brother saw liberty. I can [Music] cal that love that through salvation plan. Oh that grace that brought down to men. Oh th mighty God that God is spent at Cal. [Music] Mercy there was great and grace was free and there was multiply to [Applause] [Music] me at Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Glory. Mercy that was great and praise was free. There was multiplied to me. and my brother and folks [Applause] unfortunately the offering as we move on with the song service. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more cry there. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see. Hallelujah. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. No more crying them. We are going to see the king. No more crying them. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. No more dying. We are going to see the king. No more dying death. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to be the king in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We must have to fear when we come in the name of Jesus. Stand [Music] before in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Blessed name of Jesus. He must have to feed when we come in the name of Jesus. Stand before in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. [Music] I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter. I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice. For he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will. Oh, I will enter. I will enter his name. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. There's always joy in serving God. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. The name of the Lord is our strong to the righteous run into. They are saved. The name of the Lord is our strong to the righteous run into they are save. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Lord most high. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Lord most high. The name of the Lord is thy strong power. The righteous run in you. They are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run to they are saved. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Lord knows high. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Lord most high. The name of the Lord is high tower. The righteous running too. They are save. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run to they are sing. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Lord most [Music] high. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Blessed is the name of the Lord. Lord most high. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. God most [Music] high. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Lord most high. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Bless your name, Jesus. Amen. Amen. All right, let's move on here. I'm kind of homey for a country to which have never been before. [Music] No sad goodbye with the beast spoken for time anymore. [Music] I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday I'll be a [Music] stand till my home shall be eternal. Build the land. Sweet beauty. I'm [Music] looking just across the river to where my faith shall. Just a few [Music] Lords to live on and then I'll take my heavenly life. I'm longing for you and someday I'll be I'll stand there. My [Music] hope shall be eternal. [Music] Bu Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. All right. Now let's sing this song as we change the order of service this morning. Put your hands together. Love the Lord this morning this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Amen. To God be the glory. Thank you Lord. [Music] Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus. Daily let me go higher, higher in the school of wisdom or of grace to know. [Music] Deeper and I pray and higher every day. And wise a blessed Lord in the precious holy world. [Music] Blessed Holy Spirit take me deeper till my life is fully lost on Jesus and his blood will [Music] hallelujah and I pray and die every day and wise a blessed The Lord in the precious holy [Music] one you're everything. Why so bless in the preious food? Let's take the last verse down through the [Music] goel. Let me go in the holy love of Jesus. Let me [Applause] fruitful and deep. Yet I pray I every day why so in the precious fooly word every day Jesus kill my heart and have perfected my life. So I say, but yet I pray and your every day. Oh my alone in that precious holy birth. Keep in the feet of Jesus. Holy faith and true in his power so exalting wisdom yet peace and soul so deep for yet I pray and your every name wise I bless the Lord in the precious Oh, for yet I pray and I every day why alone in the precious blessing one more time. Oh yes, for yet I pray. And I your everything in the precious holy [Music] [Applause] word. Praise the Lord. Amen. You ready? desire to go deeper. Amen. You got to be heavy to go deeper. So I hope you ate this morning. Praise the Lord. What is good to be in the house of the Lord. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. We thank the Lord for giving us another opportunity to be in the house of the Lord. Praise the Lord. And uh it's just so good to see uh the grace of God on your faces. We want to we want to greet our visitors this morning as we greet each and every one of you. Amen. And uh there's uh Sister Zoe. Okay. God bless you. Praise the Lord. And She's from Miko. So I just look for the Miko people. You could be right there. Good to have you. Good to have you visiting with us again. And uh we have a we have a friend and brother that is visiting with us. Uh uh I think it was Friday. uh came from work and I was just so tired needing some time to to just spend before the Lord and I came and I was over in the office and then I had a bank at the door. I was wondering who is there. So I I tried to in first and just trying to pay attention to what I was doing and I had a bank again and I said well I think there should be somebody that that really need my attention. And then when I look out there, he was there with his brother just stopped by and uh wanted to make sure that uh uh he greet us and make us to know that uh he's in the area and there's uh uh Reverend Augustine and uh praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord any praise. Praise the Lord. He's uh originally from Seelion and I think he moved to the country year over here with his brother just in the apartment close to us and he he says uh he needed to be in church. So he was trying to make sure he map out the area and know that he can be in church on Sunday. So we are glad to have you and uh uh we we will pray then and find an opportunity to have you to come and greet the church and uh so it's just good to good to see uh the love of God stay in the hearts of people. Amen. Praise the Lord. The love of God stay in the hearts of his uh of his children. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. This morning I want to take uh I want to take a subject that uh you know is one of those things it comes out of the word of God and it just uh it just it hits you and you say wow. I mean uh uh you know uh the weekend we had brother uh Joseph Chakosi from the UK. He preached out Saturday night and Sunday and uh he was talking about Christ and and talking about the Messiah and uh uh I think on that we said that Sunday if I can remember we sank a chorus Messiah is the King of Kings. That's I think if I remember maybe that could be the first time we sank it here but that is a that's a old song uh uh we we used to sing back home and uh that stuck on my mind but then when he was going through the Christ series talking about the Messiah the anointed one in Christ and all of that after that I I was just kind of meditating on something and I decided to go back and look at uh uh the subject on Miah. And what stood out to me that I want to bring to you this morning is that uh the Messiah was was a title that was used by Daniel. Daniel used it twice and is also used twice in the New Testament. And uh uh and the two times it was used, one in uh uh uh St. John chapter 1 at the beginning of Jesus ministry and the second time it was used is in St. John chapter 4 when he met the woman at the word. And what uh is very interesting as we were looking to it this morning is that it's a is a it's a title. is a is an attribute of God that that relates to us a whole lot and is is is very important. I pray that the Lord will be able to to help us to be able to bring it to you. Let's just stand on our feet and then uh we sing a chorus here while we uh before we go into the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing a chorus here. I just want to to get my nails away. Let's sing their song. Let's talk about Jesus. The prince of peace is he. Amen. Let's just sing there. The prince of peace. See the great fees to [Music] thy pure and w the rose of shon the shepher of such tender. [Music] Oh, let's talk about Jesus, the rock of aes. He the lamb of sless, the man of Cal, the great Immanuel, the word of God. He is the bridegroom so divine. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings is he, the Lord of all suffering through our eternal, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the Let's talk about Jesus. Oh, and more. Oh, let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world proclaim the power and magesty of such wonderful the bright and gold. Let's sing his praises. Oh, let's just talk about him now. Oh, let's talk about Jesus. The bread of life is he the savior all of this man of God. The prophet priest and king the mighty God is he. Farewell of living water. One more time now. Oh, let's talk about Jesus, the prince of peace is he the great physician to all his pure and the ro of sh the sheer of oh let's talk about him one more time oh Let's talk about Jesus. The prince of Jes. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, musicians. Thank you, Sister Naomi, Sister Joy, Brother Desim. Thank you for making music for us this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. While we stand to our feet, we turn to Daniel chapter 9. Daniel chapter 9. just to give us a little history here and uh that uh we need to pay attention to and appreciate. We know that Daniel was down in captivity in Babylon. But then God started dealing with him while he was in Babylon. And much of what God will be dealing with Daniel will be concerning us the Gentiles. portion of it will be uh uh uh concerning the 70th week of the Jews, their their redemption and all of that. But uh uh there's a portion there that uh that speaks about the Gentiles. You see uh Daniel prophecy is so deep and is is uh is placed craftily in the word that you see between the book of Malachi and Matthew there's a period of time where theologians call the solemn years it looks like nothing is recorded between the time of Malachi and Daniel I mean Malachi in Matthew. But you will realize when you study the book of Daniel, you will find out that Daniel prophesied of what will happen between Malachi before the Messiah is born. Praise the Lord. Amen. That is just how rich the book of Da is. And uh uh hello Olivia. You're feeling much better. You have grown taller than your mother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's read Daniel chapter 9 verse 20. We will not go into that prophecy. I I just want to to to show you a little bit Praise the Lord. And I I I just I can't I can't help but uh let's let's just read what I want us to read this morning. And you you have your seat and I will go back to to everything I want to share with you this morning. Let's read Daniel chapter nine. Let's read from verse 19. Oh Lord, year Oh Lord, forgive. Oh Lord, yaking and do. Praise the Lord. What a prayer. Oh Lord, year. Oh Lord, forgive. Oh Lord, he can endure. Deferred not for for thine own sake. Oh my God, for thy city and and the and thy people I called by thy name. the city of Jerusalem and the people I called by his name. And while I was speaking and praying and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel and presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountains of my God. Yeah. While I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel whom I had seen in vision at the beginning being caused to fly sweatly, touch me about the time of the evening oblation. And he informed me. Praise the Lord. Okay. Okay. Let's let's continue to read. Oh, I I see what happened here. Okay. And he informed me and talk with me and said, "Oh, Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skills and understanding." Praise the Lord. I mean, we really need it. Amen. To serve God, you need skills and understanding to be able to deal with uh uh uh the devil and you need to know his tricks. You need to understand skills and uh I mean you need to get skills and understanding. Skills is good for war. I was actually going to uh uh speak on this morning where David said he taught my hands to war. That's what I was studying during the week. But then I felt like I can talk on this because uh what we want to talk about is more about uh spiritual warfare than when we get to teach my hands forward. It will make more sense. So I am come forth to give these skills and understanding. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat while we continue to read. I realize it's a long reading. Let me do the standing. Amen. while you take the comfort of your seat. At the beginning of thy supplication, the commandment came forth, and I am come to show thee, for thou I greatly beloved, and therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you read the book of of of Daniel, you will see there are a lot of similarities with the book of Revelation. Okay, Daniel had all of these creatures uh uh you know with different faces and I mean a lot of similarity with the book of Revelation. You see that uh uh God was detailing a whole lot of things uh for us. Uh praise the Lord. Is that sister miracle behind you? God bless you. Good to see you. Amen. I think I need to keep my glasses on. So let's read that in verse 24. 70 week are determined upon thy people and upon the holy city to finish the transgression and to make an an an end of sin and to make reconciliation for the iniquity and to bring and to bring in everlasting righteousness to seal up the vision and uh and prophecy to anoint the most holy. Now uh uh this this is about the 70th week but let me put something in context here so you will be able to see it and appreciate it because Daniel was in captivity and Malachi is an exile prophet one of the prophet after captivity. Praise the Lord. So when Malachi came on the scene, uh uh uh he started trying to to uh engage Israel and show them that it was God's love for for the way that God took them into captivity. It was an expression of God's love. Then he said, "You may say back to me, how is that the love of God?" Amen. Okay. Now, look at it like this. Israel despised the Sabbath. For many years, they never regarded the Sabbath. So, God was going to claim his Sabbath. He was going to claim a time for the land to rest because he told them in the book of uh of uh uh uh Exodus and and and and Leviticus that uh after seven years the land should rest. You must give the land rest. You must give yourself rest. Praise the Lord. Because rest is a very important ingredient of the Christian faith. That's the reason why the Holy Ghost is a type of rest. Praise the Lord. And because the people despise the rest of God, they despise the Sabbath of God, God was going to claim it anyhow. And I tell you, if you despise the rest of God, the rest of your body, God will claim it. One of the way to claim it is to call you home because you are abusing your body. Are we together? When God made the the the entire word in the beginning, the Bible says the Lord rested. He rested. And when he called Israel together, he told them, "Hallow the seventh day for rest." Praise the Lord. Are we together? So God was going to claim the rest from his people whether they like it or not. I will send you in captivity. The land is going to rest. And when the land have its rest, I will bring you back. Are we together? Amen. God means just what he says and he says what he means. Are we together? So here is here is the context there now. So, Malachi is here because I'm trying to show you how you can see the rest the years that is called uh uh uh uh the the the empty years or I I don't know how to term it between Malachi and and uh uh Matthew for you to be able to see it because yeah, he's prophesied of things that are going to happen even before the Messiah comes. Are we together? Verse 25. Know therefore and understand that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and build Jerusalem. When was that? The going forth of the commandment. From the time of Caesar, from the time of Neimas and and and Ezra. That was the going forth of the commandment. for them to build the walls, for them to build the the the the temple. So Daniel prophecy cover all of that period of time to the coming of the Messiah. So there is no wasted years, there is no vain years, there is no blank years. God is busy. Are we together? No. careful and understand that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the prince shall be seven weeks. These are weeks of years now weeks of weeks. weeks of years. Are we together? The street shall be built again and the walls even in troublesome time. And after three scrolls and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off. but not for himself and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary that up to the time of Titus the destruction of Jerusalem and the end thereof shall be with a flood and unto the end of the world uh desolation are determined. Now, what we want to talk about this morning, not prophecy, I just want to pick up something that interests me. Messiah the prince. I want to talk on Messiah the prince. That's the first time that title of God was used. That's the first time that title of Jesus Christ was used. So when you read the prophecy year from the building uh of Jerusalem onto Maiah the prince, you know definitely when he's talking about Miah the prince, he's talking about the coming of Jesus. Amen. Are we together? Do you agree with me? Praise the Lord. Amen. If you don't agree, just hold tight. And uh so when he comes down again to verse 26 and say after three scrolls in two weeks shall Maziah be cut off. That is the death of the Lord Jesus. He will be cut off but not for himself. And he says and the people of the prince. Then he used the word again the people of the prince. Are we together? Amen. So that's what we want to look at this morning. We want to look at Maiah the prince. What a title is just like we s talk about Jesus the bread of life, the great physician, the shepherd. That's all his titles. Amen. Messiah the prince was another title. But this title has a very significance to you and myself. And that's what I want us to pay attention to. That's what I want us to d uh uh into this morning and just feist on. Amen. And just feist on. I'm I'm just so happy to talk about this because studying this I realized that if you understand the the important you see it's almost like the seven redemptive name that God gave Israel Jehovah Jara Jehovah Rafa Jehovah it was God telling his people that I will meet you at every point of your need. Amen. Remember now when God when Abraham called him Jehovah Gyarra on the mountain what did he said? He said the Lord will provide for you. Is that what he said? No. No. The Lord will provide for himself. So you have to think about God's provision. It's not for you. It's for himself. It is God meeting your need that pleases him. God is providing for himself. Amen. So, it's now all about our needs and wants because he placed us here for his glory and he's going to give us the portion that we need for every step of our journey. So, it's better to tell the Lord, Lord, provide for yourself in my need. Lord, I'm sick. Provide for yourself in my in my sickness. Because the moment you begin to understand that it's not about you, it's about him, the better it gets, you learn to wait on the Lord. Because he's providing for himself, not for you. Are we together? You love the Lord. Amen. So that is the same way with with all of his attributes. Now we're going to look at another attribute here that is that is that is very very we've been talking about the word made flesh and this just comes right in there that uh we will appreciate as we look at it. Amen. Now when you look at this word maziah the prince in the Hebrew is called maziah ni the word prince mean ni I've heard that over and over there this uh there's uh this uh uh there's a rabbi that I listen to. He used that over and over and uh I I I I love the sound of it but just studying this subject just make me to love him more. Amen. Because the word nid actually means prince but it says is the prince of the Gentiles. Then my head. Praise the Lord. I mean, it's been my head. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. Praise the Lord. Is being my head. Messiah. It is Jesus. That tied to Messiah is in respect to Israel. Amen. They are waiting for their Miah. is in respect to Israel. But the prince, the prince brings us the Gentiles brings the rest of God uh uh redemptive people into view. Are we together? So the word prince also shows his power. Amen. Shows his power. Messiah is the Christ. Is that right? We're going to see it in in St. John. Messiah is the Christ. The prince part of it is the power, the authority. That's what make Christ is the anointed word. Christ is the anointed one. Not just anointed because it's sacred, but there is a power behind it. Are we together? So what I'm trying to bring to us this morning is to appreciate the power that is behind the word. Amen. The power that is behind the word. Take a scripture with me. Psalm chapter 138. Psalm chapter 138. Let's go this morning. I'm fired up. Amen. Amen. I'm fire up. Praise the Lord. I woke up this morning after studying and praying. I went back to sleep. I was preaching this message in my sleep. I said, "My goodness me, I'm just at the right place." Amen. I'm So I'm fired up. Amen. I started becoming so tired and sleepy. So I got to get a cup of coffee. I told you I got to wake myself up, get a cup of coffee and get myself there. Let's read Psalm chapter Psalm chapter 138 verse two. Listen to what David said here. I will worship towards thy holy temple and praise thy name for thy loving kindness and for thy truth. And he said, "For thou have magnified thy word above thy name." The word is magnified above the name of God. Now you see that is the reason why the Christian church is is filling all the time. We want to rebuke the devil in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. But we not magnifying the word. Praise the Lord. Amen. We want to live in disobedience to God's word yet we want the power of his name. It does not work like that. God don't operate like that. He have exalted his word above his name. That shows the importance of God's word. Praise the Lord. He said, "He that love me will call my name." Is that what the Bible says? No. He that love me will keep my commandments. Is that his word? Praise the Lord. He has magnified his word. above his name. Are we together? So we see here that Messiah is his calling. He's called to be the Christ and uh uh uh the prince. is his power. So he is the anointed leader. He is the anointed one. Are we together? Now let's look at Christ in the New Testament. There only two times Maiah, sorry. Only two times Messiah was used in the New Testament is in the book of St. John. Let's look at that. St. John chapter 1. St. John chapter one. And if you even look at it, you will see that the spelling is a little bit different because the Old Testament held the Hebrew and the New Testament took the Greek. So the spellings are a little bit different. But that's that does not uh uh it does not uh confuse us. I mean we are right there. We know what we're talking about. We know who we talking about. Amen. So St. John chapter one. There's there is another thing I want to show you yet. It's in John chapter one. Uh let's let's look at verse uh 35. It's in John chapter 1 verse 35 just before we come down to the Messiah and not. Amen. Look at this. I saw this uh reading the word and it kind of a blessed me. I love to share what blessed me. Amen. Let's share the blessing. Let's pass it around. Amen. Amen. Verse 35. Again, the next day after John stood and two of his disciples and looking upon Jesus as he walked, he said, "Behold the lamb of God." That's uh River Jordan experience. And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. Then Jesus turned and saw them following, and said unto them, "What seek ye?" They said unto him, "Rabba, which is to say, being interpreted, Master, where dwelleth thou?" He said unto them, "Come and see." They came and saw where he dwed and they bowed with him that day. For it was about the 10th hour. One of the two which heard Jesus speak and follow him was Andrew. Now this is what this is what caught my attention. This is off subject, but I I love it. I love off subject. Amen. Because you get down the road and and then you just going through all the trails. Amen. I love it. What caught my mind is this. Look at this now. This is the beginning of his ministry. And here is it. He has two men that are following him. Think about the role of Emas. That was the end of his ministry. Okay. At the beginning of his ministry, these are two men, two of John disciples that that were attracted to his ministry and they are following him. And what is beautiful here is that the scripture only gave us one person name and never told us who was the second. Praise the Lord. You see that's the reason why the Jews they look at the word of God as a pattern. You can see pattern in the word because it's designed by God. Amen. is designed by God. See how unique it is. It's not only a star that is peculiar to John, but Luke did the same thing. At the end of Jesus ministry, he tell us of two men that I met on the role of Emas and the Holy Ghost take one person name. Nowhere in scripture you will find the second person name. History history said do not give it. you search uh biblical history, it's hard to find who is this second person. And the same thing yet in the beginning of Jesus ministry, two of the disciples. I I I'm sure Andrew knew who was the second person. But there is nowhere in the scripture he said it was me and this person that that went after Jesus. is beautiful because it's a design by God there that that that there are people there are his elect. There are people that are doing the work of God. There are people that are laboring in the field and we might never know their name. is God's design. Right? In the book of Revelation, it comes out Paul uh uh Antipass, my faithful servant. You never see Antipass in the book of Acts. You never see Antipass in any of the record of of the gospel. But yet the Holy Ghost picked his name up to show that with all the men that was working, there was a man called Antipass. If he only had three person in his church, he was doing the work of God. If he never had a church and he was just on the street, he was doing the work of God. It's God's design. He designed it that way. that we don't need to know your name to call you brother. Praise the Lord. We don't need to know your name to call you brother. Praise the Lord. You know, you talk to some people you know about this. No, I never heard his name. And and and and it's it's just a kind of a snap. I never heard his name. He does not matter. I might not matter to you. I matter to God. Praise the Lord. Amen. I like to show them this scripture and say, "Do you know this guy that was walking with Andrews? Maybe he don't matter to him, but he was there before you and myself. He was the first one that got attracted to the ministry of Jesus Christ." Praise the Lord. Those those kind of a things do they just they just take my whole day because I just get lost in it. Amen. I just enjoy I just appreciate the design in the holy scriptures. Praise the Lord. If it was men that wrote this book, they will come back and edit it and put that person in it. But because it's God that designed it, nobody can edit it. Okay, let's get back to our subject. You love the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wanting to be [Applause] praised. Hallelujah. So don't don't don't fight for your name to be in the paper. Just do what you are called to do. Do it right. Do it faithfully. Let's get back to our scripture here. Okay. Okay. Now I'm ready to preach. Verse 40. One of the two which heard Jesus speak and follow him was Andrew Simon Peter brother. He find he uh he first find his own brother Simon and said unto him, we have found the Messiah which is being interpreted the Christ. Now pay attention to that because the second time Messiah will be used in the New Testament, it comes out with the sin definition. So the Jews knew that the Messiah was going to be Christ. The Messiah was going to be this prophet that Moses talked about. The Lord your God will raise up a prophet. They were they were believing that this prophet will be just like Moses. He will be like Moses. He will be a man even greater than Moses because they were believing that the Messiah, the uh uh uh uh uh the Jehovah of the Old Testament will come and embody in that man. That's what they were believing. So whenever they use Messiah, they make an emphasis. He will be the Christ. He will be the anointed one. Are we together? Amen. Now Andrew is identifying him as the Messiah. Why? How Andrew knew? Jesus have not done anything publicly yet. But Andrew is identifying him because his pastor John the Baptist told them and said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the word." Amen. And they believe their pastor message. They believe John message. And that's the reason why Andrew can say, "We have found the Messiah, the Christ." Praise the Lord. But watch now. Let's let's let's read a little bit. You love to read the Bible. Amen. Let's read uh uh the Messiah which is interpreted of Christ. Verse 42. And he brought him to Jesus. Andrew brought his brother Simon to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he says, "Thou art Simon, son of Jonah, call his name, call his father's name." Amen. What is that discernment? He comes in the presence of of Jesus. Jesus called his name before any introduction. Says, "Thou are Simon. You are a son of Jonas." Are we together? Praise the Lord. Well, it could be easy for for Simon to think that, well, Andrew stole him my name, but just wait a little bit. Are we together? Just wait a little bit. Thou thou Simon, son of Jonah, thou shalt be called Tyas Cifas, which is but interpreted a stone. The day following Jesus will go forth to Galilee and find Philillip and he will say unto him, "Follow me." Now, now Philillip was of Bethia, the city of Andrews and Peter. And then Philillip went and found his friend uh uh uh Nata and said unto him, "We have found him of whom Moses," that's that's Deuteronomy uh uh the uh 18 uh Moses in the Lord and the prophets did write. Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathaniel said unto him, "Can there can there any good thing come out of Nazareth?" Philip said unto him, "Come and see." Jesus saw Natania coming. And he said unto him, and said to him, "Behold, an Israelite in thee, in whom there is no God." Nataniel said unto him, "Whence knew thou me? Jesus said, Jesus answered and said unto him, before that Philip called thee, when thou were under the fig tree, I saw thee. Even before Philip called you, I saw you under the fig tree. Praise the Lord. I mean, that just it just blew Natana mind. Amen. He's he's telling me my address. He's telling me where I was. Praise the Lord. You know, I mean, uh, uh, some of some of you know the story. Brother Bangs Woo's brother, you know, they were all, uh, Jehovah witnesses, uh, uh, you know, Brother Brandon prayed for brother Bangs Woo's son that was that, you know, that was handicapped and he got healed. So, he's now became a believer. He went and told his brother and his brother you know was as I mean thanks you just you just for all sorts of things you know he was trying to witness to them and uh uh uh so when when his brother came to see brother Brham you know he brought he brought him to uh to brother Brandham and then brother Brham started to talk to him you know and then he felt in his heart that yeah okay my brother have told this man some things about me, you know. Then he told, he says, "Well, you think your brother told me, but I will tell you that you did the right thing to go through that window last night because you was you were sleeping with another man's wife and a man had a rifle and he was going to blow your head off." Tell me in a word. Praise the Lord. I mean, it was it was just enough for him to say, "I surround a God." Yeah. Really? Praise the Lord. Amen. It was enough for him to say, "I surrender." Because those kind of a things is not things that you go home to tell your brothers. It's a personal secret. You almost die because you are running with somebody's wife. Praise the Lord. Are we together? So what what are we trying to show here is the sign of the Messiah. Amen. The sign of the Messiah. Now what what I don't want us to do, I don't want us to leave it in history. I want us to make it present day. The sign of the Messiah is stay here. And what is that sign? Hebrew 4:12. The word of God is sharper than the two-edged sword. Discerning the intent. Amen. Praise the Lord. It stayed. That that is that is the ni. That is the power of the word that is in the church. Praise the Lord. Amen. That is the power of the word that the preacher can be able to preach and the Holy Ghost can be able to identify something in your life. Are we together? I don't want us to keep it in the history. We are only using the Bible to be able to identify that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Are we together? Miah the prince. St. John chapter 4, the second time Maziah is used in the New Testament. Praise the Lord. Like if you look at the word Asian of day, it's another it's another attribute of God. And the only time is used in the Bible is in the book of Daniel because it's a it's it's a specific attribute of God that is tied to the Gentiles. Let's uh let's look at this. St. John chapter 4. St. John chapter 4, we read right here from verse 10. Jesus answered and said unto her, "If thou knew the gift of God," that's what I wanted to read from verse four. "If thou knew the gift of God," why? Because the Messiah is the gift of God. Amen. The anointed word is the gift of God. You don't go to theological school to get it. Amen. No. God reveal himself to you beyond all you can learn. God come personally and he open the word and show you this is me. Look here he says if thou knew the gift of God and who is it that said unto thee give me to drink thou would have asked of him and he who gave you living water. The woman said unto him, "Sir, that has nothing to draw away, and the well is deep, from uh from whence uh then thou have the living water, are thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us this well, and drink thereof of himself, his children, and his scatters?" Jesus answered and said, "Whosoever drinkketh of the water uh whosoever drinkketh of this water shall thirst again, but whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst. But the water that I shall give him shall be in him as a world of h water sprinking up into everlasting life." The woman said unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not neither come hither to draw." Jesus said, "Go and call your husband." The conversation start there. He was trying to get the woman attention. Contact her spirit. And yet this year the conversation, "Go call your husband and come here." The woman said, "I have no husband." And Jesus said, "Yeah, you have said the truth. Thou has well said, I have no husband, for thou has had five husband, and he whom thou now have is not thy husband. In that seth doubt truly as soon as he said that, now this is what I want you to see. the the ministry of the uh of the Messiah, the anointed word. The purpose of the anointed word is to attract the elect. Amen. Is to attract the illlet. Remember Jesus said, "Blessed is he that is not offended in me." The word is not sinful to offend you. The word might call you out. the word my blaster you rebuke you but the purpose of the word is to attract the elect. Amen. Because if the word start speaking things in my life, if the word is calling me up, then I know that uh God has a purpose for me. Praise the Lord. Are we together? So as soon as he said you have five husband, the one you're living with is not even your husband. It grabbed her attention. She knew that no this this is not just another Jewish boy. There is something about this man. He must be a prophet because he's not guessing. It's not a guessing game. He's straight on the point. Praise the Lord. The woman said, "Sir, I perceive that thou a prophet, you know, our father, she jump into thy religious spirit now and trying to identify herself as a worshipper. Our father uh uh worship in this mountain. But you said this in Jerusalem uh uh you know that that we should worship." Jesus said, "Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, neither uh uh when ye shall neither in this mountain none in Jerusalem worship the Father, ye worship you no net. For we worship, we know what we worship, for salvation is of the Jews. The hour cometh where the true worshipper will worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For such the Father seeketh. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. The woman knew that this is truth. Amen. This is truth. She's I mean she's she's so engaged now. Praise the Lord. She's so engaged. The difference that she saw you are a Jew, I'm a Samaritan. She have gone over that. Praise the Lord. She's not She's not interested in national spirit anymore. She's interested in a heavenly identity. Praise the Lord. The woman said unto him, I know that Maziah cometh, which is called Christ. When the Jews identify him as the Messiah, they call him the Christ. The Samaritan identify him as the Messiah, they knew that it was the Christ. What is the Christ? The anointed word. Are we together? The anointed word. Not just the entertaining word. The word that is anointed to change our life. The word that is anointed to rebuke spirits from us. The word that is anointed to bring healing, bring us peace of mind, settle our troubled spirit. Praise the Lord. Raise us up from all our abuses. That's the anointed word. I know that Messiah come and wishes called the Christ when he is come, he will tell us of these things. Praise the Lord. He will tell us of these things. And then when Jesus identify himself, I that speak unto thee am he, she had no more argument. There was no more argument. Praise the Lord. Amen. Why? Because when he talks about the Messiah, he was not centering the Messiah on the Jews. He says when when he cometh, it is not this mountain. It is not in Jerusalem. It is God's children wherever they are. Praise the Lord. God will be able to get in contact with his people. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then moreover, he went into my life to tell me my trouble. Praise the Lord. She identified him as the Messiah and and the Bible says and upon this you know she went into the Senate and said come and see the man they have told me all that I've done. Praise the Lord. One time she was hiding her past, but this time, Amen, she's glad that he told me all that I've done. Why? Because she found redemption. Amen. She's not ashamed of her past. Now she's using her past to bring people to the Messiah. Are we together? Messiah the prince is getting interested. Amen. I love it. I love it. I'm having a good time yet. Amen. If you don't know there, just watch my smile. You'll know that I'm having a good time. I'm loving it. Praise the Lord. I am loving it. Let's let's just read this quote here from he care. Do you care? I do a lot of Bible reading this morning and uh he care. Do you care? In the beginning was the word. Is that right? The word is God and the word was made flesh and dwed among us. And the Bible said in Hebrew 4 that the word is sharper than two edges swall a desenter of the thoughts of the heart. Is that right? And that was Jesus. And that's what Jesus did to prove he was the anointed word. He descended. He went deep into their life. You are Simon. Your father is Jonas. You said the truth because five husband is not your even the one you are living with. So he he peers into their life. And that is the same thing that the preaching of the gospel must do. That is the same thing that the reading of the word must do. Praise the Lord. Amen. The word is an anointed word. If you have the word and the anointing is not there, you don't have the nagi because the ni is the prince. Now, it's coming to be it's coming to be beautiful. Let's just finish this thought right here. And that's what Jesus did to prove he was the Messiah. He He was the anointed word. Messiah. Oh my. Don't you see that? What? What is Messiah? The anointed one. The anointed what? The anointed word. Praise the Lord. Amen. The anointed word. And the word was made flesh. He was the anointed word. You see that Bravville seed? He is the anointed word. And now when you commit yourself to him, then he use you beyond what you know, proving he still the anointed word. Praise the Lord. A descender of the thoughts of the heart when you commit yourself to him. Praise the Lord. He takes over your being. He gives you an ability more than you have. He gives you knowledge more than you know. Praise the Lord. He makes life interesting to live. You still have your struggles and trials, but life gets interesting to live. Why? Because you know the purpose why you are here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And you ready to stand for that purpose. You ready to fight for every inch of ground? Are we together? Christian life is not a boring life to you. It's an interesting life. Because every day interesting things happen. Praise the Lord. You can wake up right in the morning. You says, "Oh, devil, I see you. I see you. I see you. I'm not paying attention. I saw you right now. Amen. And people might think you're getting crazy, but life is interesting. Life become interesting. Oh my. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wanting to be praised. Hallelujah. People that think that Christian life is boring, they have not hit the new birth yet. Amen. When you hit the new birth, it gets interesting. Praise the Lord. It gets interesting. Hallelujah. That's the reason why as soon as you get baptized, all hell break loose because the devil know another child of God is on the earth. Amen. Another person to give us hard time is born. Praise the Lord. Oh, I love that. Amen. When you commit yourself to him, he takes you beyond your abilities. Are we together? Now let's pay attention to some things here that I want that where we where the rubber meets the road. That's where I want for us to get to right now. Where the rubber meets the road. Now that's what makes the subject very unique because Daniel is identifying something to us that we need to pay attention to. He comes and he talks about this man Gabriel in the book of Matthew is the angel Gabriel. But when he when Daniel speaks he says this man Gabriel because the angel was not an angel with wing he was an angel like a man. That's what Daniel call him the man Gabriel. Praise the Lord. And now he's talking about this man and and and and and Gabriel is giving the message to him and telling him when Maziah the prince the prince of of of your people. Now this is where it gets interesting. People put on your seat belt because it's it's about to get spooky. It's about to get scary. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just don't come to church to make you to feel good. We want to make you cry sometimes. Amen. We have something for everybody. Are we together? Now, let's go here now to Daniel chapter 10. Where the subject gets interesting. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Where the subject gets interesting, people. Man, I feel like I'm preaching on a convention this morning. Amen. I can feel the connection. I can feel the connection. Are we together? Now, so he he speaks to Daniel a year and he says to Daniel, he says to Daniel, there's a drama that was in my mind that I wanted to to play out to you. Let's let's read. Let's read. We will get there. We'll get there. I hope I I I will be I'll be inspired to be able to play out so you can see it. Daniel chapter 10. Are we together? Let's read from verse 12. Daniel chapter 10. Then say he unto me, Fear not, Daniel, for from the first day that thou set your heart to understand and to chasten thyself before thy God. That's what fasting is. It's not hunger strike. You are chastening yourself. You are disciplining yourself before God. Amen. From the first day you set your heart to understand these things and you chasting thyself before God, thy word was heard and and I am come for thy words. But the prince of the kingdom of Peshure. Now that's where this word prince takes another connotation for us. Now you will see why Daniel used Maziah the prince because because Daniel was binging with territorial spirits. He was binging with principal spirits. He was binging with spirits that were ruling a nation. Like every nation has a spirit. Amen. So when he said Messiah the prince is to bring our own captain into position. Praise the Lord. Is to bring our own force into position. Are we together? Praise the Lord. I'm telling you, I'm having a good time up here. I'm just enjoying myself. Amen. He said, "From the moment you make your request, from the moment you set your face and lift up your hands to cry and understand the words of Jeremiah, I was commanded from the throne to bring your request." Praise the Lord. But in the atmosphere, there were spirits that were deployed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I told you I say it's going to get spooky. It's going to get scary because you and myself, we are not exempted from those things. Amen. There are spirits that are deployed to set you off on things that are concerning you. Praise the Lord. There are spirits that are deployed to war against you. Amen. And all the purpose of that spirit is to discredit the word of God and make you to make your own choice to run your own life when you did not give it to yourself in the first place. It it it discredit the word. It did it it takes away the appetite of reading the word. It makes you not to understand what you are reading. If you are not understanding what you are reading, how will you have interest to read the Bible every day when it just look like a bunch of confusing spirit? I mean uh confusing uh uh uh story. Are we together? And why why why the h uh is is to discredit the word because the word was given to us for us to equip ourself. The best thing that God could put in the hands of any mortal man is his word. Why? Because he is his word. He's our defense. He's our provider. He's the one that fights our battle. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So when you when you start to immerse yourself in the word, then angels and it come about you. Are we together? From the moment you set forth your face to understand these things Daniel and you chastening yourself before the Lord. Your words were heard and I was sin with thy word. But the praise of the the kingdom of Pure withto me 21 days. And I will tell you in those days even if there were gay and lesbian it was not popular like now. In those days if I mean there was some sense of decency. The kingdom were uh the people were respectful to their laws but we living in a lawless time right from uh from uh the government the church everywhere lawlessness all over the place. I'm saying that to say if Daniel was handled 21 days where there was distancing. Praise the Lord. Amen. Where were where there was distancing? How much more about this time where lawlessness is the rule of the day? Everybody get their own law. Amen. Lawlessness is the root of the day. How much more does the believers handle? You look at the things on the news, you are handled by it. You look at the things on the street, they handle you. Nothing there to to even edify you. Praise the Lord. You can't even read the news to feel edify. It just grieve your spirit. It handles you. Glory be to God. And you think we will make it through this age by just being church members. You think you will make it through this age by just joining a church. You need more than that. You need a birth. You need a baptism. You need a a Messiah nag in your life. You need the power of the anointed word to be able to guide your mind from all the filthiness in the street. Be able to guard your spirit. The prince of Pure Henry 21 days there was spiritual warfare. Praise the Lord. Swords was drawn, demons were slayed in the heavens, fighting on behalf of the elect. And if that happened this time, the same thing is happening right now. I believe the same thing is happening this morning while I'm preaching the word of God. Demons have been slayed in the heavens because there is bunch of spirit here to make you sleep and carry your mind all over the place. Are we together? Love the Lord. That's why we are here because we love him. Glory be to God. Daniel say I was handle. But listen to this now. You're going to get you're going to get sweet. I love it. Praise the Lord. I love it. He says, "But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withto me one h and 20 days. But Lord Michael, one of the chief princes came to help me." Now we shouldn't run wild with this, but just relate it. He said, "Maziah the prince." And years say he's calling Michael the chief prince. We will get to that. Just keep that in the back of your mind. Are we together? So uh uh uh uh uh uh you you look at this. Look at this. Angelic beings angelic beings in warfare running to the rescue of one another. Amen. Angelic beings in warfare running to the rescue of one another. But then we sit down. We run to the destruction of one another. The church, the people of God, Gabriel calling for help. And yet we will be dealing with things in our lives that are destroying us. We can't look for help. We can't call for help. The angels understand God's principle that he is our help. God himself identify himself as our help, present help in time of trouble. Which mean we all need help. And when you need help, call for it. Because you don't call for it, it's to your own destruction. People will be dealing with things in their lives, drowning, no touch with God, empty, and they just dragging that cups. Instead of asking for help, calling for help. If you think I can give it to you, find somebody else. You need it. Are we together? M of the chief princess came to my help, came to help me and I remain there with the king of Pure. Spiritual warfare. Spiritual warfare not only in the days of Daniel is going on right now. Is going on right now. And these spirits do not have good intention for you. They don't have good intention for you. They want to drag you down into drugs, drag you down into uh uh h destruction. Are we together? These spirits don't have good intention. You love the Lord. Let's continue to read. Still in Daniel chapter 10, let's look there in verse 19. and said, "All men greatly beloved fear now." Speaking to Daniel, the angels speaking, "Peace be unto thee. Be strong." Yes, be strong. And when he has spoken unto me, I was strengthened. When I heard the word, I was strengthened. and said, "Let my Lord speak, for thou hast strengthened me." Praise the Lord. Then said he, "Knowest thou wherefore I've come on today, and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia? And when I am gone forth, Lord, the prince of Greece, Grecas shall come." Now you have to realize now he's talking about the changes of the kingdom. They were in the Babylonian kingdom. The next kingdom after the Babylonian kingdom was going to be the Persia kingdom and the next kingdom after that was going to be Greece. Now, so each one of these kingdom had a prince. Praise the Lord. Amen. So he was trying to ident if we deal with the prince of Persia the next the next spirit is coming the same thing in our life when you deal with one thing another thing rise up amen we are not lying on flinging bags of ease we are called to a fight if you are not able to fight take the word of God as the sword of God and stand on the promise of God, you will have a disgraceful Christian life. And you know the worst thing about it is that your own conscience will tell you you are not a kind of a Christian that you supposed to be. Now what other people will say, your own conscience will tell you you're not living up to the word like you're supposed to. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. We're talking about spiritual warfare. We're talking about the things that concern us. We all go through it now. So he's telling him here that after So we realize that every nation has a spirit. Amen. Every nation has a spirit. Every government that comes has their own spirit. And that's the thing that suppresses the people. Praise the Lord. Are we together? We must look for the kingdom of God to reign in our heart. There is no political government in this on this earth have any solution for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. They don't have solution for us. They are not gathering for the millennium. Are we together? So we see we see those things and uh you will realize that when you come over to the New Testament the New Testament do not exempt those things. Jesus himself he called the devil the prince of this word. Amen. He called the devil the prince of this word. Let's look at some scriptures quickly as we try to find a place to land here because you notice we are not done. Amen. We just want to find a place to land to be able to regroup ourself again and then get into battle. Matthew chapter 12:24 we realize here the Bible says the Pharisees said unto Jesus but when the Pharisee heard it they said this fellow does not cast out devil but by the prince of devils. So it was it was something that were believed. It was something that the the the the religious world knew that there were they were they were prince of evil spirits. Praise the Lord. Amen. They were prince. Every bad habit is controlled by the bad spirit. That just the underlying thing. Every bad habit is influenced by the bad spirit. Don't never make it your family spirit because your families are not demons. It's just a bad spirit. Amen. It's a bad spirit that needs to be rebuked, that needs to be fight against. Don't say it's from my family. You're not you're not from demons. Jesus over here in St. John 12:31, he says, "Now is the judgment of this world. Now shall the prince of this world be cast out." in chapter 14 verse 30 uh when he spoke about the comforter he says afterward I will not talk much with you for the prince of this world cometh and have nothing in me. So Jesus is identifying there is a prince there is a an authoritative spirit that governs this word. Amen. Praise the Lord. There is an authoritative spirit that govern this word. Our only protection from it is to come under the word of God. I don't care who you are, how you were born, where you are born. We were all born in sin shiply in iniquity. Amen. We come directly under the influence of lies. Are we together? The word of God is our only deliverer. The word of God is our only protector. Amen. It's the word that cuts us away from those things. Are we together? Now see what uh uh uh Paul will say in Ephesians 2. Ephesians chapter 2 verse 1 and two. He says, "And you have he quickened, who were dead in trespass and sin, were in time past, ye walk, I call into the the course of this word. I call into the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now walketh in the children of disobedience." See identifying it to that prince. It's a power. It's an influence. It's a evil anointing that is sending all of our young people into drugs, destroying their youth, destroying their mind. Praise the Lord. The prince of the power of the air. You just even even our Lord Jesus identify it. He says the prince of this word is stay loose. Even he himself was in the word. He was living here and he's identifying it. Are we together? A Christian life is not a carefree life. It's not a careless life. A Christian life is a disciplined life. A Christian life is a life of observing. We take counts. We take counts. You watch things in your life. You take inventory. How am I doing? You talk to yourself. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why when the devil destroy take a person from the word and destroy prayer in your life, you become a powerless Christian. You live with guilt. Your life becomes so heavy. You wake up in the morning, you get tired. You didn't do anything. you just tired. It almost looks like all of those springs of the power of the air was stepping on you all through the night. Are we together? John will say in Revelation 3:1, "Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the word of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein, for the time is at hand." There is a blessing in reading the word. There's a blessing in hearing the word. Praise the Lord. The moment you touch you you take the word and you are reading it, angels are deployed because that was the first form that God took. In the beginning was the word and when God took that form when the angels were created to worship him they were worshiping the word. That's why the prophet will make it simple. Read your Bible and pray every day. That's the way to grow. That's the way to grow. Read the Bible and pray every day. And just see how your life will change. You will see how things will drop away from your life. you I mean unless you are a preacher if you're not a preacher don't be studying and you know and and try no just read the word enjoy it put yourself in it and enjoy the story enjoy interact with the word and just see how it would change your life. Blessed is he that readeth and they that hear the word. We have it on our iPhone, on our phones, and and uh you know, you just play. No excuse. No excuse. Keep yourself in the atmosphere of the word because that's where your healing is. That's where your delivering is. Praise the Lord. Wednesday night, we pray for sister car. And then uh I think on Thursday or so uh they had rush her to the hospital with her blood pressure. Brother Wesley sent me the text this morning. I forgot. and ask that we pray for her. She's back home, but they have changed her blood pressure meds and all of that. So, we we just want to keep her in our hearts as we preach the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. The word have so much power to heal her right now. So, you see, you see the prince part. You see word where word uh uh uh Daniel was giving his heart to understand the prophecy of Jeremiah. He was trying to understand the 70th week. He he was giving his heart to the word. It created an attraction in heaven that a son of God want to understand his time. He want to understand the day that he's living. God deplored an angel. go and help him understand. The same thing with the Ethiopian Enoch. He was reading the book of Isaiah. He could not understand it. God told Philillip from a revival in Samir, dash him in the wilderness and say, "Help him to understand." If you have a desire to understand, God will make you understand. God will open your understanding. You are not interested in God's word more than himself. God is more interested to make himself known to you than you desire to. Daniel wanted to understand what is this 70th week? When will it be over? What is this all about? It brought an attention to heaven. Praise the Lord. Amen. And God the blooded angels and say go and give my son understanding. I challenge you read something in the word and you think you don't understand it. Pray about it. Say Lord I wish to understand this better. Just prayed about it. Come back and read it again and pray about it. God will use something in your life. He will use something happening around you and it will just strike you. This word is a living word. It lives. It's real. It's truth. Are we together? So you see the prince part. You see where the prince comes in play. Daniel is identifying the power that came to his rescue as Messiah the prince. He's identifying the power that came to his defense, Michael the chief prince. Are we together? That's that's how God heal us. That's how he deliver us. Sometimes he just drop a thought of his word in our mind and you and you just think on it. Oh wow. I Yeah, I read that thing in the Bible. That word that is dropped in your heart has done something. It never just only comes to remind you. Amen. It's just like when Jesus said flesh and blood has not revealed but my father it was something that dropped down from heaven and it's just dropped in Peter heart. Thou art the Christ son of the living God. Praise the Lord. I remember down there in in uh in in Shivak, Alaska, preaching there one time and and one of the brothers, you know, uh uh uh was testifying. You know, his boys started getting on on on drugs and drinking and all of that. And you know, the Lord had just had just saved him to out of drinking, deliver him from drinking. And uh I mean, this this was this was a stone drinker. I mean drunker. This is somebody that was that was the town knew him for that you know and the Lord had really delivered our brother and he said he was just laying down on on his bed and you know uh and he was just you know in that place of of regret and he was just you know asking the Lord for mercy seeing how his life has affected his son and all of that. He was just lying on the bed and uh and then while he was lying on the bed he says the the scripture of Isaiah came to his mind when the enemy come as a flawed the spirit of the Lord will raise up a standard he said he just jumper from his bed he said yes Lord you are the stander you can deliver me praise the Lord and that word was his deliverance and God helped his sons praise the Lord Lord, you can practice this word. It's not human. It's not human uh uh thing to practice. It's divine. Amen. It's divine. God back his word. Are we together? You love the Lord. Amen. Are you tired? Are you hungry? Well, thank you for bearing with me. Let me read something to you and then we close here. I'll come back to this. We can take it all. Hear his voice. Honor the prince. Hear his voice. He had been delayed 21 days because of the evil in the land. And if he was delayed 21 days because of the evil of that land in the days of Persia, what will he be in this day? How long could he be delayed? Amen. Praise the Lord. and uh and and and it is all of those things that nominal Christians don't understand and they think that prayer don't work. They think that God don't answer prayer because of the way they think about it. Praise the Lord. What will he be in this day? How long could he be delayed? But that undying faith, that hunger and desire in the human heart that won't say no. Praise the Lord. No matter how much is delayed, we will keep believing. We will keep holding on. We will keep praying. We keep rejoicing because we know that God is faithful. That undying faith. Praise the Lord. Jesus said even before you open your mouth, the father knows what you want to say. Even before you open your mouth, he knows what you want to say. But you have to understand these principles. You have to understand these things that are happening. It's not a time to complain or to cry. It's the time to keep praising, keep worshiping, keep thanking God. But that undying faith, that hunger and desire in the human heart that won't say no to God, but will hold on till God speak from heaven. You can't play with this with this gospel. is not to be played with. It must hit the T 10 times out of 10. It got to be perfect or or it isn't right and it won't work. It got to be perfect. The word, everything that God said is truth. Every promise that God made, he can fulfill. Praise the Lord. God is faithful at his word. If we would just know how much this word is for our benefit. It's not the emotion. It's not the thing that we get ourself through. Is this word falling in love with this word? Loving this word more than our desirable meal. Man shall not live by bread alone but by every word of God. Because everything you need to live is in this book. Musicians, you can come. Thank you for bearing with me. If you let me, I will preach till tonight. Like I say, I'm fired up. I'm on a cup of coffee. Amen. And I'm doing good so far. I still feed God. But I just want us to get to that place and just think about think about this thing. Think about think about your relationship with the word of God. Think about how much are we prioritizing the word of God in our lives. What we take it to be. What we take it to be when we hear the word is it say man's opinion when you listen to the text the word being preached. Are you loving the word? Are you embracing the word? Or there is a place in the world you are struggling. Word of life ever truth changing me changing you. Let's sing that together before we go to pray. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Let the word of God impart. One more time. Word of God ever true. Change. Amen. Changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Let's sing Asian word. and [Music] world. Let the ancient world of God. Word of God ever true. Change in change in you. We have come with hope. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Let the word impart. Let the word have the preeminence. Let resolve our differences with the word. You cannot resolve your differences with your feelings. Oh, I feel like this or I feel like that. No, resolve it with the word. Look, the word says this and let's say amen to the [Music] word. Resolve your struggle with the word. [Music] He has magnified his word above his name. The name of of Jesus will not have an effect if the word is not in place. If you don't have regard to the word of God, you using his name in vain. You are just using his name in vain because you don't have regard to his word. That's how much God takes his word serious. Let's sing that again. Ancient word. world and change in me change in you. We have come with hope. Let the nation in love. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with all hearts. Let the word of God. The word is your captain. The word is your blet. That's what the devil sees and he back up. Not your phases, not your loud voices. Is the word. Show him the promise of God. Show him what God said in his word. That's your banner. That's your shield. The word will take every place of the [Music] armor changing mechan. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to we want to lift you up, Father. We want to exalt you. You said if you be lifted, you would draw all men. You have magnified your word. You have lift your word as a token. The prophet said we must present our our prayers with the token. Amen. Yes Lord with the promise with the word father is to show us how much the word is important. It is the word that is fighting our battle. Yes. It's the word that have created this bumper of protection over us. We can despise the word. We can disregard the word. We can play the word down and just be just be going on with emotions and sensation. The word must come to life every day in our [Music] life. Father, we want to thank you. You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Thank you, Jesus. Your word has power to change a sinner to sin. Father, your word has the power to deliver. Amen. Your word can heal. Yes. Glory to your name. This is a living word. Amen. This is a living word among the people. Father, I pray that Lord, you would just inflame our hearts. Lord, wake up our consciousness. Oh, Father God, that we we not going anywhere. There's not a B change for us just by our idea. We have not joined a club. This is not a C. You have brought us, Lord, Father, on holy ground. You have brought us to a place to a word to a message that can change us. May we take the word serious. [Music] May we respect the order of the word. May we respect the statutes of the word, the precept of the word. The word is our blessing. The word is our protect protection. [Music] Father, your word is truth. Thank you, God. Thank you for giving us such a word, Lord. Such a word, Father. [Music] The word that has gathered our homes. A word that keep our homes together. A word that has keep our life together. A word that has kept this assembly together. Thank you, Father. [Music] We just give ourselves to you this morning. [Music] Help our prayer life. Help our personal life of communion, personal life of devotion. [Music] Father, we love you. We appreciate you Lord. What a wonderful savior you are. Bless us now. Bless us oh father. Thank you Jesus. Bless us Lord. Let your word have preeminence in our lives. Amen. Thank you Lord. For heaven and earth will pass away. This word will never fail. Yes. It has never failed. It would never fail. Yes Lord. We thank you father. Thank you Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Ever true changing me changing you. We have come with open hearts. Let the nation warn us. Let's sing this song uh while I turn the service over to brother Lawrence and uh the uh the word is working mightily. Amen. Let's stand on our phone. Amen. Say yes. [Music] [Music] Oh, God word is working mightily. The word is working mighty. No matter what the circumstance, what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Oh yes, the word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. Oh, no matter what the circumstances, what I feel, the Lord is working mightily. One more time now. Yeah. The Lord is working mightily in me. The Lord is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance, what I feel or see, the Lord is working mighty in me. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this afternoon. Amen. Are you blessed this afternoon? Just turn to somebody and say, "God bless you." Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. All right, we'll sing this song and we are all dispatched. Take the name of Jesus. with you child of sorrow and of hope. It will joy and comfort you. Take them wherever you go. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of joy of heaven. precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Take the name of Jesus ever as you from every step. Leave tempation run you gather. Breathe that holy name in prayer. Precious name. Oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven.
