################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - Apr 23, 2025 Wednesday Service Bro Dan Ali The Lord Is My Shield, In Whom I Trust - Dan Ali.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-24
Title:   Apr 23, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Dan Ali: The Lord Is My Shield, In Whom I Trust
Speaker: Dan Ali
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzTYxDd2yPg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you all. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let us put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. Lot of joy. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. We have a thanksgiving um request here. Shalon, saints. It is a great joy to be with my family in the United States. Firstly, thanks and appreciation to the almighty God for everything. Thanks to the church for their prayers and their financial support um doing the planning of my wedding up to the process that make my trip to my family possible. A special thanks to the following individual support and endless encouragement um during the storm the stormy cloud um pastor Blott one and family, brother Max and family, brother Dan and family. This is from brother Jala, sister Bridget's husband. God bless you, brother. Amen. Welcome again. Amen. Hallelujah. M he who fes a multitude turn the water into wine to the hungry call it now. Come and [Music] dine. Come and dine. The master call it come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fells a multitude turn the water into wine. to the hungry. Call it now. Come and die. Come and die. The master call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fells the multitude turn the water into wine to the hungry call it now come [Music] down. Jesus has the table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invite his chosen people come and dine with his mana he fed and supply every need. Oh sweet to s with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master calling. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed a [Music] multitude turn the water into wine. to the hungry callth now. Come and die. The disciples came to learn. Thus oying Christ command for the master called to them. Come and die. There they found their heart desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Toss is satisfied the hungry every time. Come and dine. The master call it come and [Music] die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fels the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry call it now. Come and [Music] die. Come and die. The master calling. Come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed a multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry call it now come and [Music] die. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for the king of kings and lord of lord. We are here to die with him tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. And let's go ahead and [Music] stand. Shall we gather around the river? The bright angels be strong. We increase the ties forever. flowing from the throne of [Music] God. Yes, we gather at the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. Gather with the saints and the river flat from the throne of God. [Music] On the bosom of the river, where the Savior keeps [Music] we shall meet in sorrow never meet the glory of the throne. [Music] As we gather around the river, the beautiful beautiful [Music] river from the throne of God on the mountain of the [Music] Worship in our receiver praise. We will walk and worship ever on the happy golden day. Yes, we gather around the river. The beautiful Beautiful river scatter with the saints of the river scful from the throne of God. Soon we reach the shining river. Soon the pilgrimage will cease. Soon happiness will [Applause] quiver with the melody of peace. Hallelujah. We guide around the river. The beautiful, beautiful river. gather with the saints at the river that flows from the throne of [Music] God. Yes, we gather at the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. are the witnesses and the river the from the truth of God. Yes, we gather around the river. The beautiful [Music] beautiful [Music] witnesses. Oh yes, we gather at the river. the beautiful, beautiful river. And we gather with the saints at the red [Music] river by the truth of God. The Lord bless you tonight. Good to be in the house of the Lord. You may have your seat. We want to thank the Lord for giving us uh another opportunity to be uh in service tonight. And uh like we normally do, we will just uh take this uh few minutes before we change the order of the service for the word. We will go to the Lord in prayer. We will go to the Lord in prayer. and uh we want to thank the Lord for blessing us uh on the weekend with his word and uh the Lord in his mercy has been so good to us. [Music] Amen. Let's read Isaiah chapter 12. Let's read Isaiah chapter 12. I will read the first verse, you will read the second, and then we will read the last verse together. And in the day thou shalt say, Oh Lord, I will praise thee. Though thou are angry with me, thy anger is turned away and thou comforted me. And not be afraid. For the Lord Jehovah is my strength and my son. He also is become my salvation. Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the well of salvation and in say praise the Lord. Call upon his name. Declare his doing among the people. Make mention that his name is exalted. Sing unto the Lord, for he have done excellent things. This is known in all the earth. Cry out and shout, thou, inhabitants of Zion, for great is the holy one of Israel, in the midst of thee. Let's read that again. Cry out and shout thou inhabitants of Zion for great is the holy one of Israel in the midst of thee. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we want to thank the Lord. We know that great and holy one is is in our midst and uh he there dealt with us greatly on the weekend. Brother Crosby and the wife back home in uh in UK. They send their greetings. uh spoke to him just few minutes before I left home. And uh so we just want to thank the Lord. We just want to go to the Lord in prayer tonight and express our our gratitude to him for blessing us with his presence on the weekend, the word, the atmosphere, the pouring of his spirit. And uh again, we just want to thank him. What a memorial Easter is. What a memorial to be able to join the entire word and remember the death, burial, and resurrection of the Lord Jesus. We want to just uh be grateful to the Lord. We want to be grateful to him. We want to put our hearts and in his hands tonight and ask that he will just bless us in his presence. Let's sing this chorus together while we go to the Lord in prayer. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. So reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is part sing all your needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Let's pray together tonight. Let's just bring thanks to the Lord and uh with uplifted hands and lifting our voice to him. Let's say thank you. Let's bless him tonight. He's worthy to be praised as we just put our hearts before him. Let's pray together in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we just want to thank you tonight. Thank you, oh God, Father, for your great blessings. Thank you, Father, Lord God, oh Jesus, just like Father God, like the psalmist here, Lord, cry out, shout thou, inhabitants of Zion, for great is the Holy One of Israel. It is in the midst of thee, Father, Lord, over and over, Lord, you have proven, oh God, Father, your word, you will never leave us. You will never forsake us, Lord. We we want to thank you Lord God. Thank you for this day that you have given to us Lord. Thank you for watching over our going out and coming in. Thank you for bringing us together Lord God that Father God we can lift our hands oh God father as we bring the evening sacrifice to you oh father we just want to thank you. Thank you for your great blessings on the weekend Lord. Father thank you oh God father for breaking the Easter seal. Oh God, Lord Jesus, making the weekend memorable to us, Lord, Father God, our brother cross be laboring of us. So Father God and preaching on Lord God, Father, Lord, the importance of the ascension, Lord God, you let captivity cart, you open the heavens, set us under an open heaven. Oh father God and Lord Jesus, moving us, oh God, from fear to faith, from worried, oh God, for us to be warriors. We just want to thank you, Lord God. Father, we praise you. We glorify your name tonight. Oh God, we want to thank you, Father. Lord Jesus, for the brothers and sisters, oh God. Father, we thank you for this assembly, Lord God. What your grace is doing in our midst, Lord. Father, you promise in your word where two or three are gathered in my name. I will be there in their midst, Lord Jesus. Oh father, as we unite our hearts together tonight. And oh father with the hearts of the saints. Oh Lord, father. Oh God, Lord Jesus that are all joining to prayer tonight in order into service tonight. Father God, oh sweet Holy Spirit, we give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, Lord Jesus. We give you the honor, Father God. You are worthy to be praised. You are worthy to be praised. Father, blessed be your holy name, Lord. We exalt you in the highest. Oh father, what an excellent God you are. What an excellent God. What a wonderful father. What a great savior you are. Jesus. Oh father we thank you tonight oh God. Thank you for your blessings Lord Jesus. Thank you for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost Lord. Father thank you father Lord even for the young ones. Oh Lord God that will identify with you in baptism. Our sister Lord Saturday afternoon Lord we pray for her. You will bring her Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father do oh God. Father walk with you Lord as her heart desire is oh God we pray. Oh blessed be your name tonight Jesus. Blessed be your name tonight father. You are wanting to be praised. Oh God we want to thank you father Lord for our different families. Lord Jesus. Thank you precious Lord God. Father for our dear brother Jala Lord God Father with his uh thanks report Lord God. Father, we thank you for keeping them while they were away, Lord Jesus, and reunited them again. We ask that, Father God, your grace will help them, Lord, as you settle down, Lord. Father God, Jesus, oh precious Lord, we lift you up tonight, we lift you up tonight, Father God, we want to enter in with you, oh precious Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, oh Father. Lord, yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, oh Father. Thank you Lord. Thank you precious Lord. Precious Lord. Softly thou Father. Oh create in me a clean heart. Oh Lord and renew the right spirit within me softly. Now let's sing it to him. Oh yes. Create in me a clean heart. [Music] Oh Lord, and renew the right spirit within me. Let's sing that one more time. Create a me. Oh yes. Create a mean a clean heart. Oh Lord, and renew the right spirit within me. Oh Jesus, cast me not away from your presence. Oh Lord, take back your Holy Spirit from me. Glory restore unto me the joy of my salvation, oh Jesus, and renew the right spirit with thee. Let's say that one more time. Cast me not away. Let it be a prayer from your heart tonight, Lord. Cast me not away from your presence. Oh sweet [Music] Jesus, take that your holy spirit from me and restore to me Lord the joy of my salvation. That's what I need Lord. and renew the right spirit within me while the music play softly. Let's put our hearts before the Lord tonight. Whatever is special on your heart tonight you want to commit to the Lord. And if there's a loved one you want to remember, let's pray for one another. And uh we just commit oursel to the Lord. Let's speak to him tonight in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, oh God, Lord is is more than a song. Lord Jesus is more than a son Lord. Oh God that's why we need Father create love creating us Lord Jesus give us a heart like down Lord give us a heart Lord Father that long for you oh God precious Lord not a heart oh God father of ourself Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, you promise, Lord, to take away this stony heart. Lord, you promise, oh God, Father, to give us a heart of flesh, Lord God, you promise, Lord, in your word, oh God, that this heart of man, oh Lord God, is desperately wicked, Lord Father, oh God. So we pray tonight, Lord Jesus. We pray tonight we come before you, oh God, once again, Lord Jesus. Oh, confessing ourself, Lord. Confessing our ways, confessing our thoughts to you. Oh father, we pray tonight how much we need you, oh God. Father, Lord, oh eternal God of glory, Father, we pray, oh God, sweet Jesus. Oh God, oh Father, we don't want to be cast away, Lord Jesus. We don't want to all be away from your presence, oh God. We want to have a heart, Lord, just like David. I was glad when it said unto me, let's go into the house of the Lord, Father God. Oh, precious Lord Jesus. Just like we find time for everything, oh God, we want to, oh God, have that heart, Lord, that can find time for you, Lord, that can find time, oh God, to put everything aside, Lord, and devote, oh God, that time to you, Father Jesus. Oh precious Lord, we pray tonight. Oh God, give us a heart. Lord Jesus, give us a heart of flesh. Lord, give us a heart that can receive. Oh God, give us a heart that can be burdened. Lord, give us a heart, oh Lord Jesus. Oh father God, that is longing for more of you. We pray tonight, oh father, we pray for one another, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, those Lord God that are praying with us, Lord, streaming in, oh God, we commit them into your hands, Lord Jesus, we ask you bless them, oh Father God, tonight also. Almighty God, as we lift your name up in the highest, Lord, what an excellent God you are. What a wonderful father you are, sweet Jesus. Oh, we love you tonight. We appreciate you, oh God. We want to thank you father, Lord Jesus. For every heart, oh God, that is represented, Lord. Every home, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, every family, oh God, Father, that is part of this assembly, Lord God. Even Father, Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, the ones, oh Father, we have not seen for some time. We pray to God, Father, for Brother Mike Wilson, Lord Jesus, there in one known, Father God. We pray to Lord for brother Steven and sister Cindy. Oh God. Oh Father, Lord, their daughters, uh, Sister Amy, Lord, we pray for them, Lord. Oh God, brother Wesley and Sister Carol, we commit them into your hands, too. Father, Lord, we remember them, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious Lord. And just pray, oh God, even for our traveling ones, we commit them into your hands, oh God. Oh father, we love you tonight, sweet Jesus, we love you tonight. We appreciate you, oh God. Oh father we pray Lord Jesus eternal God father Lord yes oh God your sweet Holy Spirit oh God father would just come oh God father Lord oh what an excellent God you are what a wonderful father you are Jesus what a wonderful father you are blessed be your name tonight Lord blessed be your name tonight father sweet Jesus we love you God we love you father we appreciate appreciate you Lord. What an excellent God you are father. What a great eternal God you are. Precious Lord Jesus. Father blessed be your name. Thank you Lord God. Thank you for blessing us Lord Father. Thank you oh God. Father Jesus for dealing with our hearts. Oh God father Lord you said in your word. Oh God father you are the one Lord Jesus that choose us. You are the one that caught us. Lord Father you are the one that gave us a desire to respond. Lord God, we thank you tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh heavenly father, Lord, oh heavenly father, we appreciate you. Blessed be your holy name, oh God. Let the sweet holy spirit, father god, father, come and rest with us tonight, Lord Jesus. When we come to that time, oh God, father, to fellowship around your word, may we not be absent minded, Lord Jesus. May we, oh God, father, be engaged, Lord. Let the Holy Ghost have the preeeminence, Lord Jesus. We pray, oh father God, for different needs, oh father, Lord. Oh God, in different homes, Lord Jesus, undertake for your children, Lord. Rebuke the enemy, Father God, from their dwelling, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we pray, Father, for our young people. Give them the Holy Ghost, Lord. They need conviction, oh Lord Jesus. They need to be converted, oh God. Father, Lord God, and we pray to Lord Jesus Christ against every religious spirit. Oh father, you make yourself real in their lives, Lord Father, tonight. Oh, what an excellent God you are. What an excellent God you are, Jesus. What an excellent God you are, Father. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, sweet Jesus, tonight, Father. Lord God, if there's a heart, Lord Jesus, that is longing for the Holy Ghost, may you give it to them, Lord Father God. Oh, give us, oh Lord Jesus, a fresh baptism of your spirit. Oh father, you promise, Lord God, that the dynamics to this church will be the refilling, oh God. And that's what we need, Lord Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus, come, oh father. Lord, undertake for your children, Lord God. Be merciful, Lord God. Father, Lord. Oh Jesus, on our silliness, Lord God, be merciful, Father God, on all of our neglects. Oh Lord Jesus, oh God, we pray tonight that Father, you would just give us grace, Lord, deal with our hearts, Lord. Instruct us in righteousness, oh God, and truthful father. Lord, we pray tonight. What a sweet Jesus you are. What a sweet Jesus you are, Father. What a sweet Jesus you are. Blessed be your holy [Music] name. Yes, Jesus. [Music] And I need my voice to [Music] worship you. Oh my [Music] soul, rejoice. [Music] Enjoy my king in what you hear. And let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] Lord, I love you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. And I live my voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice take joy my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. What a wonderful thing to get in communion with him. Jesus says the hour cometh. What a true worshipper. We worship him in spirit and in truth. But we can just fall in love with him. But we can get to the place and just fall in love with him realizing that there is nothing between our soul and our savior. If there is anything by the word of a thought or fear, whatever it is, we can bring it under the blood tonight. Oh father, we just love you, God. We just love you. We just thank you, Father. We appreciate you, oh God. We appreciate you, precious Lord. Father, we want to cultivate, Lord God, a praying people, Lord. We want to cultivate, Lord, hearts that are yielding to you, oh God. Hearts, Lord, and minds that are thinking on you, Father. Oh, we love you tonight. [Music] We love you tonight, Lord. We love you tonight, sweet Jesus. Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Lord, that good and perfect comes from you. You the heart of my contentment. Oh, for all I do. Let's stand and worship him now. Sweet Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Let's sing that to him one more time. Oh yes, sweet Jesus, you are the center of my joy. Oh Jesus, all that's good and perfect comes from [Music] you. Lord, you the heart of my contentment hope for all I do. Oh Jesus, you the center of my joy. Let's sing that one more time there. Yes, sweet Jesus. You the center of my joy. [Music] Oh, and all that's good and perfect comes from you. Lord, you the heart of my contentment. Oh, for all I do. Sweet Jesus, you are the center of my control. Let's take one more prayer lead tonight before we change the order of the service. There are few that have uh request that we pray that the Lord will help them with their u working schedules. Uh they go long long and want to be in church and some in school also. We just want to bring that to the Lord tonight that the Lord will just help his children. He knows their desire and uh and uh he would just recondition things around them and uh and u father we just want to ask that tonight Lord God. Oh precious Lord Jesus Christ. Father, Lord God, for this dear one, Lord God, Father, that have requested the Lord Jesus. And many, oh God, that is holding that request in their hearts. Oh, Father God, precious Lord, we pray that Lord God, you would just, oh God, go, go forth, Lord. Go, go for your children, Lord. Go on their behalf, Lord. Precious Lord. Oh, Father God, what a water request, Lord God. We pray that Lord, you will open doors, oh God. Lord Jesus, you would turn the light on. Father, I pray for better blessing. Oh God, Father and his family, Lord Jesus, as so God, Father, they are settling down, Lord. Your grace will help them, Lord. Father, oh God, we just love you tonight, oh God, we just love you tonight, Father God. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for that love that you have placed in our hearts, oh God. Oh God, you are the center of our joy. Oh father God, you're the one we love. Oh God, you're the one. Oh, Father, Lord, oh precious, we come to worship tonight, blessed be your holy name, Father, please, Lord God, Father, come and speak to us tonight, Lord Jesus. Come, Lord God, take your word, oh Father God, and and just uh speak to our hearts tonight in a special way, Lord Father. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, Father God. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. We pray for the sick in our midst. Lord, you will touch them. Oh God, Father God, thank you for Sister Ellesia healing. We pray that God, Father, you will bring her true. Thank you for Sister Kelly and Lord Jesus. All the ones, Lord, Father, that are believing you, oh God, Father, for strength, healing in their body. Granted, Lord Jesus, healing in their homes, oh God, grant it, Father, Lord God, oh precious Lord, what an excellent God you are. We love you tonight. We love you, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's take that song blessed assurance and uh for for the for a while blessed assurance Jesus is mine. sometime back uh uh that's many years back I think that was uh during Lord's time uh the the South African has have a version of singing that song this song and they had in Suetto that's one of my favorite songs so whenever I'm there that's that's the way they bring me into the pit so we will try that Let's try that tonight. [Music] Blessed assurance Jesus is Lord. Blessed assurance Jesus is mine. Oh, what a full face of glory divine hairs of salvation. For chase of God, born of the spirit, washing his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praise in the savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising the savior all the day long. Confess [Music] submission all in our rest. Visions of rapture on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echo of mercy we first up. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior of God. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior all the salvation. on it and bread. I am my savior. I'm happy and blessed. I'm worshiping and waiting. I'm looking above fulfilled with his goodness. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior. Oh. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praise in the sing. Oh. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praise in the sing all the day. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the sing for [Music] the speak for us tonight. Let me get people singing. Let's sing that first verse [Music] again. Sometimes people are speaking in tong. You don't hear what they say. Bless assurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what the force of glory divine head of salvation, watches of God, born of the spirit, watching him. Oh my God, this is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior all the day. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior. Brother Dan, you can come. Oh yes. Oh this is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] Savior. Come here and speak to us tonight. blessed assurance. If it is your story, Amen. that's your story, then you got to dance and worship together. Amen. Oh, blessing assurance. Jesus is my foreign salvation. For chase of God of the SP. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Oh, praising my savior. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Come on brother. Yeah. This is my soul. Praising my savior all day long. Praise the Lord. Shall we give the [Applause] [Music] Lord? Amen. Praise the Lord. Shall we pray? Our Lord and our Savior Jesus, we thank you, oh God, for this atmosphere we are enjoying by grace. You have said in your holy word that where two or three are gathered in your name, there you are in their midst. And we have seen that time and again. It has never failed. And we know that for assurityity, the Lord our God indeed is with us. We are so grateful father oh God that you have counted us among the lost despised few and we do not take it for granted father we bless your holy name tonight and we worship you father in the name of Jesus our lord and savior father do not let that this just be a song let it be a reality lord give us a heart of worship father set our hearts on fire for things pertaining to thine kingdom Father, keep us on our toes. Do not let us relent in our walk with you. We pray for strength that Father, you will bring us onto an expected end that wherever we find ourselves, Father, oh God, we shall praise your holy name in good health and in sickness, in in plenty and in nothing. Whether we are in the mountain top or in the valley below, Father, do not let that make any difference. Let us always bring you praise because praise belongs to you and to you alone. Father, we are so grateful for being the Lord our God in whom we have put our trust. Thank you, Jesus. And praise be to thee tonight, Lord. Father, we have gathered not to hear the enticing words of men's wisdom, but that we may hear from you, Father, and we pray, oh God, may you come and speak to us according to our needs. We humbly beseech you tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Thank you, musicians. Can we please reach out for our Bibles? God bless you all. And uh it's always a joy um when we come here and then we see one another. It's just a joy. Um, we know how busy life is here in America. So, if in the middle in the midst of it all, we can make time to be in the house of God. Amen. God will never forget our labor of love for him. Praise the Lord. Whatever you do for the kingdom of God, know that there is a reward for it. Praise the Lord. Shall we turn to Psalm 144? Psalm 144 I read verse 1 and two. Blessed be the Lord my strength which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight. my goodness and my fortress, my high tower and my deliverer, my shield, and he in whom I trust. Yes. Who subdueth my people under me. Praise the Lord. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his word. Shall we be seated? Praise the Lord. Tonight I have titled this. The Lord is my shield in whom I trust. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord is my shield in whom I trust. As I was seated in the pastor's office and just trying to put my toes together uh because my mind was just cuted all over, I feel things were coming and I I just decided to put them down um just to walk into the message tonight. Praise the Lord. It's just amazing how the Lord wants to have fellowship with his people. Just imagine that a friend you have not seen for a very long time, a friend who means everything to you, the friend comes and then pays you a visit and then you take this friend and you put them in the living room and then you go to bed. You come up in the morning, they are seated, you look into their face, you bypass them, you go. No hello, no communication whatsoever. Nothing. There is no relationship, no fellowship. You just go. You come, they are seated, you look at them in the face and you go in. It's just the way we sometimes treat the Lord our God. We treat him like he doesn't belong. We treat him like he doesn't deserve our time. We treat him like he doesn't deserve our respect. After everything he has suffered and done for us. But the Lord our God wants fellowship. It means everything to him more than we have ever imagined. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Just somewhere last week, my wife was sharing a testimony, there is a particular time in the day that I just enjoy to be before the Lord. And if there is any time the devil would fight me is just around that time. It means so much to me, I can't explain why and how. But one thing I do know that that time means a lot to me. And on this day, I was just having my fellowship. The children were in bed and I just sat there and I was just enjoying the Lord. My wife was at work. We have a video in the living room and then she was there at work and then she had me on the video. I didn't know. And while I was just sitting down and enjoying the Lord, enjoying the fellowship, enjoying that time, she said there was somebody seated next to me. Now when you come to our living room, there is a desk behind there. That is where gospel studies and there was somebody in that seat and she was trying to find out who is this. So she just enlarged it to try to figure out but the children should be in bed around this time. What are they doing? And it was not Emmanuel. It was not God's will. But who is this? And then I didn't know there was anything going on. I just sat down there did what I was supposed to do and I went to bed. So now God asked the mommy. So when daddy finished with his devotion, did you see anybody leave the chair? Mommy, he said, "No, I just didn't see anybody." When she was done, he was done. And I just told him, I just told him that it was the angel of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now when you give your time to God, when you dedicate yourself to God, when you come to the place to acknowledge that God means everything to you and you are ready to die for what you believe and what you stand for, I the Lord our God would never turn his back on you. We have seen that play out time and again. When you sit to have fellowship with God, God comes down. I remember co covid time either in 2019 or 2020, we used to have fellowship in our house. Brother one will go to brother brother Jordan's place in St. Paul and then they broadcast everything. We would go and pick this villa at the time she was in Bloomington bring her to Plymouth. We will sit down and have fellowship together and when fellowship is over we will drive her back and come home. There was this day we brought her and normally before the service starts we will just pray. After service we will pray again. So we prayed and service started by the one finish ministering and then we prayed and when we were done s there she is. She asked me brother did you see anything? I said no. And then she was sitting down quietly. You didn't see anything. I said no. And she said when we were praying, light came through that door. It was those wide doors beside the main entrance and then there was light that came through. And not just light, but it was accompanied by heat. And she said it was so intense. It was burning her feet and burning her side that she turned her feet on the side and it was still burning and she just opened her eyes. She didn't see anything. And I said it was the Lord. When a man's way pleases the Lord, there is nothing the Lord would not do. Sometimes when we have fellowship, it doesn't matter why it is. God is not in numbers. Amen. God numbers don't mean anything to God. God wants a people with a sincere heart. A people that have dedicated themselves and are ready for this journey. Amen. Don't let fear hold you back. Praise the Lord. Amen. We are serving a living God. Who cares? Amen. I have shared this story a thousand times and if Christ tries I will share it another thousand times. Amen. About that little girl somewhere in Tema in some part of Ghana that will just walk on that bush path and go to church and then she'll cross from church at 9:00 p.m. she's on that small bush path singing and praising God and just going home. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I it was this day she was on that journey again praising the Lord not knowing somebody had taken notice of her and was trying to take advantage of her. She knew that time the lady was going to pass on that road and she came and they laid in the dark waiting for her to come. And as this lady was just coming and she was just singing and praising God, she didn't know there was any danger lurking around. And when she got so close, when the man lifted his eyes up as he later on confessed, what he saw was the lady was just singing and praising God. And there were armed men on the left and on the right. They were just guarding her as she was walking. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. She did not know. She did not know. She did not see anything. But the Lord was with her. Hallelujah. The devil operates on our fear. And you know we have come to that place that we say we have believed and yet fear is so much operating in our lives that we hinder God in a lot of ways. The only thing that brings God on the scene is faith. Right? Fear does not bring God. So why fear is it's like you have tied God's hands. God is there. He wants to make a move. God is there. He wants to do something. He wants to come on the scene. But your fear is keeping him behind. Praise the Lord. Amen. Fear has ruined our lives in many many many many ways. In ways we don't even think possible. Fear. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We are going. I mean if I had to go this direction just using my personal life probably in the next 1 hour or in the next one and a half hours I can go on talking about this. Praise the Lord because there is a lot the Lord has done for me. Amen. I'll be very very ungrateful to say the Lord has not done anything for me. The Lord has done more than enough for me. And if it comes to the divine protection of God, I can talk about this any day, any time for several hours. But praise be to God. What actually brought about this when brother one told me to get ready and encourage ourselves tonight was a video clip I saw. It's probably about I don't know maybe 2 or 3 seconds long and then my mind just went around and it is based on that that I want us to encourage ourselves tonight. I have sent that video there. When I'm ready, sister Ned, I'll call for it. But just follow me. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord is my shield in whom I trust. Praise the Lord. Now, the earth was a hopeless case. A hopeless case. The Bible says that it was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. It was just a bundle of mess and chaos and confusion. There are no adjectives any man could ever put together to describe how useless this earth was once upon a time. God did not choose this earth because it was the easiest he could put together and then bring man on this earth. No, it was probably the worst of them all. It was just a mess. Praise the Lord. Now, God selected the earth. He chose it. And God with the intention he has to bring man on earth, he started his work of creation. We all know the story. The book of Genesis, let there be light and there was light. God created day and night and then on and on and on it won't for the earth to be able to sustain life. God had to give the earth life. The earth did not ask God to choose it. God chose the earth. He chose it. And he started his work of creation. put the waters together, formed an ocean, created the land, the trees, the vegetation, the moon to give and the stars to give light at night, the the sun to give light by day, the mountains we see, the rivers, I mean all the beautiful things we see on earth, God created them, placed them where they were placed for a cause. And when God finished with his creation, now note, God did all this and then he protected the earth. We don't see it. We don't see it. Praise the Lord. It's like having the angels of the Lord with you and you don't see them yet they are there. The earth is enjoying so great a protection but the earth doesn't know it. If you should ask the earth how is life? I promise you if the earth has mouth to speak, you will not hear of any good thing. Oh, there is so much noise these days, so much excavation going on, so much explosion, so much trouble, so much wars, so much bloodshed, so much earthquakes, so much tsunamis. You will not hear the word, you will not hear the earth talk about anything good because that is what it knows. Praise the Lord. Now, what brought me to this point as I said was a video clip that I saw. And before I go further, sister, can you please put that video here for us? [Music] So you see that is the earth there. This is Jupiter. And then this is Jupiter. And you see those heavy heavy heavenly bodies that are coming to crash the earth. Some of them are so big, right? that they would crush the earth and the earth will just obliterate. That's right. It will just shatter it in one piece. But as they are coming to strike the earth, the Jupiter is there. And then I love the heading. Jupiter with its immense gravity captures many asteroids and commerce that could have originally collided with Earth, helping our planet avoid potential disasters. Is Jupiter really Earth's guardian? Praise the Lord. Amen. So, the Lord created the earth and he decided to protect the earth against every attack there is, every attack there would ever be. that everything that would come against the earth to destroy it, Jupiter is there to absorb it. When I saw it, it just hit me so much I decided to research it and it just blew my mind. Now think about it that if God spent all the time he spent to put this earth together in the condition it is and he did not leave it to chance. Right. Amen. But he decided to protect it against every invading force. Think about you. Yes. Amen. Think about you. That's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. He thought of it. You and I are also earth. Yeah. And you ask yourself between this earth and you whom are rest to God. God did not create us for the earth. He created the earth for us. And if the earth means so much to God that he can protect it against destruction, think about you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Fear should not be our portion. We are protected. Wherever you find yourself, don't let the devil tell you that you don't marry in the sight of God. You do. I have said it a thousand times. And I will say it again. If I step out there and I land there, it is the perfect will of God. I will not be intimidated by the fear of death. No. Once upon a time, I used to fear. Death is no longer in the equation. No. Amen. Don't serve God out of fear. The fear of going to hell. Don't let the fear of going to hell drive you into the arms of God. No. Let it be a love relationship. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That's right. Don't begin to imagine how am I going to make it? How am I going to do it? God has already figured it out. Amen. Just walk by faith and believe in what God has done. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. The Lord is my she in whom I trust. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Now remember that God created the earth for a purpose. And the earth has always served its godgiven purpose. That's right. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. It has never refused to shine its light. It has never refused to ch to to surrender to the change of seasons. It has never refused to bring the rains down the clock. It has it is doing what God has put it there to do. And so long as it is doing it God-given purpose, it has the divine protection of God. Amen. That's right. And remember also that we are not just here to be counted among just as numbers. Right. We are here with a Godgiven purpose. We are here to serve the purpose of God. And so long as you are serving the purpose of God, you have the divine protection of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. The only time I can think of that the earth the sun went to bed rather it was shining when it was supposed to be going to bed. It was awake. Was when Joshua Yeah. needed the son to do an extra work and he commanded the son to stay still. Amen. And the next time was when the Lord Jesus was crucified and he lay on the cross dying that the sun refused to give his life. The sun held his breath. The wind stopped to blow. This the earth could not hold his peace. The rocks rented. Praise the Lord. Oh man, what are you doing? This is the God of creation. That the earth could identify him. And men failed to identify that. But the earth has always performed its god-given duty. Yes. And when you are walking in the perfect will of God, when you are doing what God has mandated you to do as a son or as a daughter, leave the rest. You don't have to go to bed wondering which side of the bed you are going to rise up the following morning. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Be rest assured. Oh my goodness. I pray God to help us. Yes, Lord. We are serving a living God who cares. Amen. The Lord has delighted in us and because he has delighted in us, we have overcome. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Now, a lot of the times We as children of God will come to a place and then things happen in our lives and then we begin to question if I love God, if I am doing my best for the service of God, if I have given my all, I have been faithful to the call. Why am I having challenges? Why am I having problems now? Some of it has to do with you not becoming too comfortable in this world. Praise the Lord. Right. This is not our home. Yes. That's right. We are just passing through. That's right. Amen. We need that awakening. Amen. Amen. that we are on a journey, that we are just passing through. Amen. Praise the Lord. And a lot of the times we complain and complain and complain and complain and we fail to see what God is doing behind the scenes. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Amen. Sometimes you get so broken, so so so broken, so torn apart. But you are not the first and you will not be the last. That's right. Your brokenness is meant to bring the best out of you. That's right. It's not meant to kill you. It's a brokenness that leads you to God. Yeah. If God should allow the devil to have his way in your life, you will not be seated here tonight. He has shielded you against all the terrible attacks. But then he allows some small small things in your life and even those small small things he uses that to reveal himself to you. And yet we don't want it. We want it to be just smooth, to be so comfortable, no challenges. No, it doesn't work out that way. Praise the Lord. When God when God breaks you, it is beautiful not to the eye, but to the soul. Yes, it doesn't put smiles on your face, but with all the brokenness, the tears, the pain, you look beautiful to him. Praise the Lord. Not to men, but to him. Amen. We saw that in the life of Job that he was so broken, so so broken that his friends came and sat and they couldn't even make him up. His wife couldn't take it anymore. And he said, "Why don't you curse this your God and die?" But in the sight of God, it was beautiful. We saw that in the Lord Jesus Christ that he was crushed to death. The most horrible death anyone could ever die. But it was beautiful in the sight of God. The Lord Jesus was broken for you and I. It pleased the father that his life was crushed. Praise the Lord. Now, a lot of the times we think he died a common death. Remember on the cross there were three two thieves and the Lord Jesus Christ. And we think, "Oh, they all were crucified. They all died." And we think his death was an ordinary death. It was not an ordinary death. One day I was just walking down the platform and it just hit me from nowhere that the Lord Jesus did not die an ordinary death. Yeah. The thief was just a soul dying. One one person just dying for himself. One just dying for himself. But think of it that the Lord Jesus died for every one of us. Yes. Every one of us. As many as have already lived, as many of us that are living today and as many as will live till the coming of the Lord. He died for every one of us. So think about it. Yes. How many billions are we today? Probably 8 billion. How many are already dead? I don't know. How many are going to be here towards the coming of the Lord Jesus? I don't know. So you can say that he died 10 billion times in that one death because he died for you. He died for me. He died for you. He died for everyone. Yes, that's right. So, it was not an ordinary death. I never thought of it that way. But when it hit me, I said, "Wow, praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Now, listen. in the message the bomb of Gilead 1959 11:24 he was put to the test there he went to Calvary mockery spit all over his face his face bleeding where they jacked handfuls of beard out of his face beaten when he could have spoke one word and it would have changed the whole thing. Excuse me. But the thousand held he died. He had the sins of the world. Every sin that was ever in the world was placed upon him. Yeah. Under the burden of sin, with all the weight of sin laid upon him, he died. He died until the sun went down in the middle of the day. He died until the stars wouldn't shine. He died till the moon wouldn't shine. He died until the earth had a nervous frustration. Shook so hard, right? With a chill under the rocks, ran out of the mountains. He died a death that nothing could die. Praise the Lord. The death he died, nothing could die that death. Praise the Lord. Amen. Excuse me. He died such a sinful death. So gruesome, but it was beautiful to the father. This was just a footnote I added. A servant is not greater than his master. And if he went through what he went through, do you want us to just come and just have things so so so easy. Somewhere in the Bible, the Bible says, "Let any man that comes after me deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me." That's right. Praise the Lord. There is a cross for you. There is a cross for me. I don't get to choose my cross. And you don't get to choose your cross. Yeah. If I have to choose my cross, I'll go for the very light one. That's right. And I don't get to choose your cross for you. Neither do you. Because if I have to choose your cross for you, I will probably go and look at the heavy one and give it to you. Make sure you sweat and sweat very well. But I don't have the luxury. I mean, so we all have a cross to carry. That's right. If he being the lord of lords and the king of kings, the almighty god came into human came in human flesh and he went through what he went through. Do you expect me and you to just come and have it so so so easy, so soft? No, it doesn't work that way. If you have it that way, there is something wrong. Right? Praise the Lord. Amen. If you have it that way, that means there is something wrong. Sometimes you are so broken. So broken beyond repair and you would question your faith. You will question the love of God for you. But it doesn't change anything. Yeah. like a sister one time confessed how all hell was against her. And almost all night she will be crying, praying, crying. Nothing was changing. But then she would come out with all the smiles in the world on her face, giving people cheer, giving people hope. Nobody knew what she was going through behind the scenes. People are fighting battles you probably have never imagined. Amen. And if they are making it and if they have come this far by grace, it means you can do it. It is by grace. Amen. We are all depending on the grace of God to see us through. Amen. And by grace he has brought us this far. God knew that in the day and age we are living in 200 billion demons will be released into the earth. Right. And he has positioned us. Yes. Amen. He has given us that that protection. Yes. We have no cause to fail. Amen. Amen. Right. God has given us everything we have need of. We have no reason to fail. We are shielded against every one of these demons. Amen. By the grace of God. Amen. We shall serve the purpose of God. It doesn't matter what comes our way. We shall do the will of God. That's right. He will bring us onto an expected end for his name's sake. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be broken. It's good to be broken. And when God is breaking you, we complain too much. Ask for grace to be able to endure that you may see the glory of God. There was a little girl that was going to write her final exams. Now I tell my boys, I say you have no reason to fail any course here in America. Wow. Because the system is designed to make sure you don't fail. Those homework you do, they count. Showing up in class, they have something they call court. I asked them what is called it say it's a place you go in the morning to receive direction and also the market. The system is designed to make sure you don't fail. But elsewhere in the world, they will teach you all the things. Praise the Lord. All the assignments you do don't count. Yeah. You showing up doesn't count. All the test and the quiz, they don't count. Now there comes a time that there is an exam hall where you go and you have to go in to find out where am I sitting. You go oh this is my seat ahead of time and then even your exams are not marked in the school. Sometimes they are not even marked in the country right West Africa exams council they send it outside and then they mark it outside somebody who doesn't even know how you look. They've never seen your face. They are going to mark your paper. Yeah. And can you imagine a situation like that? So I tell them, you have no reason to fail in this country. And then this lady was going to write her exam. Praise the Lord. And it was an artist. they were doing drawing just um image. She was so brilliant in what she was doing and then there was an opposition in the class. There were people in the class that didn't like her. So when they went in and they went and then they saw their seats and everything, everything were placed, their their crayons, um books, I mean no no not no books and everything, rulers and everything that they need for the assignment. They placed everything and for some reason a group of these students sneaked in by night and they went to her desk and they crushed all her crayons, crushed everything, broke everything and put it right back in the case. So the following day they came and before the exam you can ask all the questions in the world. But during that exam when you go in there is a police standing there. There is a police present to make sure that there is order. You have no right to ask any question. Everything you were taught over the years, now you have time to prove. Two hours, three hours to prove it. And then she went in and sat down, took her crayons. Oh my goodness. Everything was shattered in pieces. I could imagine people that were sitting and looking at her, glassing on the desk and laughing. Oh, we got it. We got it. And then she just sat down and prayed. She was a Christian girl. And then she sat down. Can you imagine writing an exam under that condition? Her heart was so broken that she started crying. She was crying. But she took every piece of the crayon. She would just color. When that is finishing, she'll put it aside and then go for the next bigger piece. and then continue. When that is finishing, she'll put that aside, go for the next piece, and then she'll get to a place. Oh, I was thinking of putting red here. Um, all the red is turned into dust, but um I only have green here. So, okay, this is against my plan, but this is what I have. And then she would use it. She would use it. And then in the midst of it, she was just crying with tears dropping on her work. And then she would try to erase it and it will smear the work. It would just smear it. When she got through, she looked at what was before her. She prayed and submitted. And guess what? Her work was the best they ever saw. Praise the Lord. Amen. And when they asked her, "How did you do it?" She said, "I don't know." Everything just blended like a rainbow and they said, "No, they have never seen this before. The enemy meant it for evil, but God turned the tides around." Praise the Lord. [Applause] So, in our walk with God, there are a lot of things the devil is going to bring against us made for evil. But I promise you by the name of the Lord Jesus, God is going to turn the tides around. And instead of you being down, you are going to be on top. The Lord our God has shielded us against every dirty trick of the enemy. We are in the hands of God and nothing can go wrong. Praise the Lord. How did you do it? I don't know. And I know we will get there. Amen. When they ask you how did you make it, brother? I don't know. Yeah. I know a man whose name is Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Is by his grace. You ask that thief whom the Lord Jesus told you be with me in paradise today. Yeah. You ask you, how did you make it? I don't know. I don't know. The grace of God upon your life would never be in vain. Amen. And your faith in God would never be in vain. Keep holding on. Praise the Lord. We have not believed any kindly devised fable in the message demonology. religious realm. The prophet speaks, "I saw a vision. I saw a world like this round another world." Excuse me. But this one here, it had a rainbow around it. And that was the blood of Christ that protects God's wrath. Yes. Can you imagine that? God knows we are human. That he knows our frame. He knows what we are capable of. He knows how dangerous we can be. The Bible says the heart of man is desperately wicked. God knows what we are capable of doing. And to make sure that he has constant fellowship with us and that he doesn't destroy us, he made a provision. Praise the Lord. That the Lord shed his blood for you and me. And the prophet of God said is I think I'm going ahead of myself here now. The blood the the blood of Christ that protects God's wrath. He couldn't look upon that. He had destroyed the thing right now because he said the day you eat there that day you die. So he had do it then I thought like this I sin myself although I didn't do that but I was a sinner anyhow. Yes. And then the blood of Jesus Christ asks to us like a bumper. See? Yeah. That when I s my sins hit him. That's right. And it j his precious head and I could see the tears. Yeah. And blood running down. Forgive him, father. He don't know what he's doing. Yeah. And I'll do something else and hit it. Forgive him, father. If it had ever passed him, I've been destroyed. Yeah. And if I'd never accepted his grace and the day my soul sailed beyond that, I'm already judged. I've rejected. There is nothing left but judgment. I've already been judged. God said the day you eat thereof, that day you die, you are judged, right? This is the judgment seat this afternoon. Your attitude towards Christ. Praise the Lord. Amen. So the blood acts as a bumper for you and me. If it wasn't for the sake of the blood, you and I would not be seated here tonight. But it acts as a bumper. Amen. That when we sin, the wrath of God cannot even come against us. because of the blood. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. God sent his only begotten son. He didn't hold him back. He gave him as a ransom for our sins. He shed his blood for you and me. Praise the Lord. Amen. When I see the blood, I will pass over you. It is not deliver but the life in the blood. When you are living the life, praise the Lord. Any danger that comes against you would leave you alone. Praise the Lord. Because when they come, they don't see you. They see Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. If all we have, if all we have of his resurrection is an empty tomb of all people, what do you if if all we have of his resurrection is an empty tomb, let me just use the word We have short changed ourselves. He didn't come to live the life he lived and to die for you and me just to leave an empty tomb. No. He told his disciples after a while I will come back. The world would not see me but you would see me. You will know when I come. Thank you Lord. Amen. He wants to be in you to use your hands and your feet. Amen. To use your tongue, your mouth, and your lips. To use your eyes to live in you, to walk in you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. If we say he's alive, we should not be pointing to the empty tomb. You should be pointing to your life. That's right. Amen. That's right. We are the evidence that he is. Anything less than that, we have let him down. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother one, you mind coming over? God bless you all tonight. Amen. Thank you for today. Praise the Lord. That was beautiful tonight. Amen. That was beautiful tonight. That was beautiful tonight. I was thinking while he was talking there, you know, there was an empty tomb so our hearts can be filled. Amen. If the tomb was not empty, our hearts will be empty. He emptied the tomb so he can fill our hearts. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together tonight. Just play a little bit of that tonight. I'm the porter. That wasn't clean. [Music] Oh yeah, master to thee. Have that old way, Lord. I've th way Lord. Thou art the P alter. I am the clay. Please move me and make me after the way. Why I'm [Music] with yielded and ste. Oh yes, have died on way. Lord have our guide on way. Lord search me. Please try me master today. [Music] White and [Music] snow. Lord, wash me. I [Laughter] [Music] pray as in thy bread. In thy presence humbly I bow. Father, tonight that's what we are saying. Oh God, we just we want to thank you Lord for your word. Oh God, what what a word of assurance. Lord, you are our shade. You are our protector. You have created Lord a air around us. Oh God, you have given us Lord a blood bumper. Oh father God, you have given your angels charge over us. promises upon promises. Lord, I will never leave you. I will never forsake [Music] you just to be able to reassure us. Oh, Father God, that no matter what we are going through, no matter what we are dealing with, if we can just, Father, Lord, just turn the picture around. Now, how we are looking at it, but how are you looking at it? How are you looking at the [Music] situation like our brother said, father David said in the psalm, precious precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of the saints. Isaiah said how it brought you pleasure. Isaiah 53, it pleased the Lord that he will be [Music] bruised. It's beautiful in your side. If we can just see the picture the way you are looking at it from our side, Father, it's never a blessing. But how are you looking at it? Father, we thank you tonight. We say have that way, Lord. We surrender our thoughts, Lord. We surrender our life to you, Father God. We surrender everything. And Lord Jesus, we constantly do it. We need you in every every word of our life. Oh God, blessed be your name. We pray, Father God. You bless brother Dan, Lord Jesus. And uh uh we just want to thank you father god and how he ever been working Lord Jesus as deacons lord and taking care of things around the church. We just appreciate you, Father God, for your grace in this life, oh Father God. And we pray for their family and wives and children, oh God. We commit them into your hands, Lord. Father, we pray that God, you continue to make them a blessing to our assembly, Father. And we just want to commit ourselves in your hands now, Father God, the evening is fastp, Lord Jesus, we pray until we meet here Sunday morning. May you keep us while we are away from one another. Lord, watch over the going out and the coming in of your children. Father, bless us, Lord Jesus. We thank you tonight. We appreciate you, Father God. We give you the praise. We give you the glory and honor. You are our protector, Father. Lord, you are our protector. You are our defender, Lord. We love you, Father. We appreciate you tonight, Lord Jesus. We can go home, oh father God, and have a good night rest and say like David is the Lord that keep us in safety. He's the one that keep us in safety. He do not sleep. He do not slumber because he watch over us. We thank you, Father, tonight. We appreciate you, oh God. Bless us together now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand on our feet. We'll sing uh It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. The Lord bless you. We'll see you on Sunday. [Music] It is [Applause] great. It is grace to save the Lord. Oh, it is [Music] grace. It is grace to save the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send. Oh yes, it is grace. Oh, it is grace to save the Oh my. It is grace. It is grace to save the Lord. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace. Yes. To serve the Lord. Yes. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to save. Oh, it is grace. Oh yes, it is grace to save. Oh my. It is grace. Yes. It is grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord.
