################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - June 8, 2025 Sunday School Bro William Branham - 64-0411 Spiritual Amnesia para. 139 - 226 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   June 8, 2025 Sunday School: Bro William Branham - 64-0411 Spiritual Amnesia para. 139 - 226
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TrSOD54Tt0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] exactly with the spirit of Jesus Christ the prophecy in Revelations the third chapter it said because thou sayest I am rich I have need of nothing and know not that thou art poor blind wretched miserable naked and don't know See, don't know it. What is it? Spiritual amnesia. They don't know it. That's right. The churches has got the the money now. There's not a church hardly in a country, a denominational what's worth millions, times millions of dollars, building millions and millions of dollars in buildings and things and preaching the coming of the Lord is at hand. Rich and said, "I have need for nothing." the best educated preachers they ever had, know more theology than they ever known. And they got the biggest buildings, the best selected places in the city. They got the ride away to anything they want to do. And then what did they do? Got spiritual amnesia and forgot that it was God that done that for them. Just like Israel and the Bible prophesied, Jesus Christ sent his angel to John and said this last church age would have this spiritual amnesia. They were wretched. Remember, they think they're big. They think they got something. But he said they were miserable, wretched, poor, blind, naked, and didn't know it. There's no way of telling them. Amen. Now, if a man was out here on the street disgraced or a woman naked on the street blind, that would be a pitiful shape to be in that shape. But then, if they had the right mind, knowing who they was, they was a human. and they're supposed to wear clothes. Well, you go out there, they're they're human beings, supposed to be identified with human race and out there wretched, miserable, blind, and naked. And you go to him and say, "Brother, you're naked." No, here I'm Dr. So and So, you just your own business. I'll tell you I belong to so and so. You ain't got no business, you holy roller, tell me nothing. Command to do this is for people to do the things that they're doing. and they'll let you know that they're preaching broadminded. What is it? If they've forgotten the Lord Jesus's commandments, they come down and do a signs and wonders that he said he would do. They don't want to believe it. That's right. It's spiritual amnesia. See, they have forgotten and they're naked and don't know it. Don't realize that they think that because I belong to church, that's all necessary. Oh brother, that means more to God than to be a mason or anything else, any other law to belong to church. That don't mean nothing to God. You've got to be sons and daughters of God. Amen. Got to be part of God. And God is the word. When I become part of my father, I become all my father. When you become part of God, you become God in full. His whole word. You believe all of it. Amen. Spiritual amnesia. What if you didn't know your name was what it was? And if you are, you have come from a fine family, which I hope you did. If you come from a fine family of people, and what if you forget that family name and you go by your living disgraceful? They say, "Aren't your name George or whatever?" Well, I don't know who I was. See? All right. See, that's a horrible thing to be, a horrible condition to get into. Well, that's just where the church has gone. is supposed to be the representation of Jesus Christ. Yes. But it's forgot that because it's got injected into it creeds and denominations. Yes. That they've accepted that instead of the word. Yes. And they're naked, blind, miserable, and don't know it and no way to tell them. Right. I may never be in Birmingham again, but this is one time they're going to hear it. Amen. Right. I'm just I'm not responsible for another sewing seed. God directs it to the ground where it's supposed to go. Forgot. Yes, they forgot the word of the promise. They forgot. Israel has that kind of affix. When Jesus come forgot they look or they said they believe there's coming a messiah, but the Messiah come and identify himself by the word. They had so many traditions till they made the word of God of no effect. And Jesus promised just before the end time as it was in Sodom, so would it be if they identified it, the people are so traditional till it made the promise of God of no effect by their tradition, right? Spiritual amnesia. Spiritual amnesia is exactly what it is. See, they have forgotten these things. Oh, I belonged to this. I I done this. I've danced in the spirit. I did this one. My my. That has nothing to do with it. Not at all. How can you be a Christian and deny the word? You can't do it. God is the word. The word's in you. You and the word are the same. All the word is you are. Amen. If I'm living in this generation, what this portion of words promises this generation, I've got to be that. If I'm going to be a Christian, I've got to be identified with all that the Bible preaches and stands for. Hallelujah. Going to call me a hoy over anyhow. I feel pre-religious right now. Amen. I've got to be identified with everything that that Bible claims. And give it claims. And if I haven't been stricken with this modern day spiritual amnesia, I am will be and can be identified with him. If I deny it, then I've got spiritual amnesia. Something has happened. I've accepted a creed or a doctrine or some church or group of man. I can't do it. When yet the word comes and identifies itself. That's why Jesus wasn't recognized. Oh, they say, "Well, this man's holy. This our holy priest are holy this." And Jesus said, "You're of your father, the devil, and his works you'll do." Did you know Cain offered a good sacrifice, too? He was sincere. Build an altar, knelt down in worship, and offered a sacrifice and prayed to God. And if God, that's all God requires for you to belong to church and have an altar and pay your tithes and go to church and live a good life. If that's all he requires, he was unjust to condemn Cain because he did the same thing. Yes. Exactly. But religion means a covering. And you can't be covered by your own good works. There's only one thing that God will accept and that's the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's the only covering. Outside of that, if you say keep the creed, spiritual amnesia, that's what happened. Now, notice they have forgot their word. They have forgot the Bible. They have forgot the promise. They're trying to live in a glare of what Methodist was, what Baptist was, what somebody else was. Here's the promise of the day, and God speaking it through his word and confirming again, proving that it is so. And they still don't believe it. Spiritual amnesia. It's exactly right. Total total amnesians. absolutely don't believe at all. A French soldier of us told a little story before we closed. I didn't know it was even that late and I got about 10 pages of notes here left. Get it some other time. Notice a French soldier. They got a bunch of soldiers in from the army and they had this amnesia. It's from shock on the battle and they had a program and they they called up and let people who had missing loved ones to call and see if they could identify these boys. No hope for him. Maybe one or two out of it caught it. Then they took the rest of them. They going to put them in a sanitarium where they'd have to stay the rest of their life. This going up the hillside train pulling and they stopped at a station. Let the boys get out and stretch their legs and the guards got out on the hill to watch them because with amnesia why they they had to watch him. So they watched one young fellow there. He got out and began to look around that water tank. Looked all around over the hill. He rubbed his face and he stududded and he looked again. He seen that water tank. He looked all around the station and he started walking. Instead of the guard stopping him, he followed him. He went up over the hill down a little path, turned to the right, went up over another little hill and come to a little log cabin. He looked coming out on the porch and old man with a cane in his hand come out, throw his arms around him, said, "My son, I know you would return. They told me you were dead, but I know you would return." And the boy come to himself. His amnesia left him. He could identify who he was. He know that was his father. Oh, soldier of the cross has been shocked with so much training. So many shocks of denomination and creed and things of the world. Why don't you just step off for a few minutes and go looking around at the Bible? Might wander around. You might find yourself identified here in the word as a believer one of these days. You might not know them. You may come to yourself like the prodical son did and find yourself. You may find your identification in the words of God. Someone said the other night long ago said, "But brother Brandham, look at us Pentecostal people. What fine churches we got." Well, we we got ministers has been trained. Listen, when a man marries a wife, he doesn't trust in her beauty. No, he trusts in the loyalty of her vow, her word. He doesn't trust in her beauty. He trusts in her loyalty. And that's the way when you marry to God, you don't trust in some big beautiful church you can build, but in the promise that Jesus Christ made that I'm the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Do you believe that? Amen. Let us bow our head just a moment. Hallelujah. I wonder tonight in the building here where the people are sitting where there is men and women who are eternal eternity bound people and you know that someday or other you've got to meet God. And I wonder if you had a little breath of that amnesia and you would you've been identified in the wrong thing and you you'd like to kind of wander around through tonight and find out if you can't be identified in Christ Jesus. Would you raise up your hand? Say, "Pray for me, Brother Brandham. I I want to be identified as a real Christian, a real believer." God bless you. God bless you. Bless you. Oh, yes. way around. Lord God bless you. Somebody up in the balcony and say, "Brother, I really believe that's the truth. I believe as Christians, we're not Christians like they used to be years ago. What about you Pentecostal people and your mothers and fathers? stand on the street out here and be an old tambourine and your mother how she had to wear and struggle a few little children. Sometimes you had to go without clothes and everything else but dad and mother was faithful to the cause to hold up Christ. Look what your Pentecostal people did 50 years ago. You come out of the organization. That's what makes you Pentecost. You separate yourself from the unbeliever. Like a hog to his wife and a dog to his father, he went right back and done nothing. Made the same kind of oppression come out. What's the matter? Spiritual amnesia broke out among the people. You got your creeds and your denominational papers now and you're right up with the rest of them and want to be with the rest of them. You permitted your women to cut their hair and wear a painting. You you're permitting them to do all these things, permitting all this stuff in the church. What is it? Spiritual amnesia. Then the first thing you know when God begins to visit amongst some people, man, what happened? You can't receive it. See, you've been so sick of that amnesia. See, the only thing you've ever heard, don't you think you ought to step off of that cre just for a few minutes and pick up the Bible and see what a Christian is supposed to be to identify like these signs shall cause them that believe. Acts Peter said, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is to you, your children, and that is for all, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." If they tell you that it isn't so, then your pastor has a bad case of spiritual amnesia. He can't find himself identify with that church. Not an organization, a church, a mythical body of Christ. Now, Holy Ghost is here. Be sure to do just exactly what he promised to do. Now, while you're here with your heads bowed, just keep it praying. Let the Holy Spirit speak itself and see if this anyone knows as a promise what it is for this day. Now, you that's in need tonight. You, many of you raised up their hands. Before you do that, I wonder while we're here really praying for the sick, I wonder if you can get away from that unbelief, that denomination, that Greek that tells you these things are not so. That's one that would tell you it's of the devil. When they do that, they'll never be forgiven in this world or the world to come. What it is is the truth. Just think, what if it is, then are you? So, you don't have to speak it out. Just believe it in your heart. And there's people here that believe that. I've sat right here for the last two nights. You're laboring under something you might hold my tongue to get you going right out. And remember, friend, it's between you and God. What if it is wrong and you think of that? You know what happens? You'll never be forgiven for it. Spiritual amnesia to go right on into your eternal death unbelieving. He that believeth not has been condemned already. I pray for your sickness. Say, "Lord Jesus, you promise." I may be some strangers here that's never been here before. Jesus promised like it was I'll take one scripture in the days when God was manifested in a body of flesh and the people Abraham the elected group the called out and Abram's name was changed to Abraham and then he seen the word made flesh and it discerned the thoughts that was in Sarah's heart and when the royal seed of Abraham that's what he did and he called him a devil. He said, "Now when the Holy Ghost comes, he'll do the same thing." Said, "I forgiveness when you call me that, but when you speak against the Holy Ghost, there's no forgiveness. I may be in his power. Come through this audience of evil wherever you are." And with this spiritual discernment, showing that he is the word so that if there's any here suffering with amnes will be without any excuse before this altar calls me. May the Lord God help now with your heads bowed reverently praying. The there's a lady sitting here before me. She's got her hands up to her face. She's suffering with a spinal condition and she's also got nervousness. She's got stomach trouble and she's sitting here before me now. And she might know that she's not from this country. She's from a city called Megan. Yeah. You believe God can tell me who you are? You're Miss Heirs. That's right. Raise up your hand. I'm a stranger to you. That's true, isn't it? Now your trouble's over. Jesus Christ. You touched his garment. He made you whole. Thank you, Jesus. I just believe it. Thank you, Jesus. There's a man sitting in the back of the building. He's seeking the baptism of the Holy [Music] Ghost. He wants the baptism with the spirit. He stands here before me. He's not from here either. He's from Carolina, Charlotte. Lipo is his name. Believe with all your heart and God will fill you with the Holy Ghost, my my brother, if you'll believe it. Hallelujah. Here over to my right. Here is a a man and his wife sitting right straight in front of here. It's an old couple to my right. The lady suffering with a colon condition. Her husband has heart trouble. They're not from here. They're from Tennessee. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, if you believe with all your heart, raise up your hands and you can accept your healing. Jesus Christ make you well. Praise the Lord. That's exactly what he promised to do. I never seen the people in my life. Amen. Spiritual amnesia. Jesus said, "The works that I do shall do also for a little while, and the world will accept me no more. Yet ye shall see me, for I first of all will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. Jesus Christ is saying yesterday, today, and forever. Now, the men and women in here that just got something wrong with you that you just simply can't see how you you want to believe, but you just can't get into it. And you'd like to be prayed for. You want to accept him while you're in his presence, but you come and stand on your body, that great lay hands on him, and come out of your world. You that's suffering like that was a spiritual temptation and would want to be prayed for that you be released from that. If you're not a not a believer born, come up here saying, "God bless you, young man. Somebody else come bless you, lady. God bless you, young lady. Somebody else come. Come here. Stand right up here just now." Spiritual amnesia. I don't want to be plaggued with that. God forbid. Let me let me die the death of a of anything, but never let me die that death. As an unbeliever, come accepting how won't you do it? Come from Come down out of the balcony, friends. It's just a few steps down here and it might mean the difference between death and life to you. Look, I can't make Christ do nothing. Christ don't have to do anything but one thing. He has to keep his word. He must do that in order to be Christ be God. He must keep his word. Now remember, if you're not sure of your experience, why not come down now? If you just belong to a denomination, if you are a Pentecostal grandchild, God don't have any grandchildren. He has sons and daughters, but no grandsons and daughters. And God don't have that. He just has sons and daughters. And you know that you're not. Maybe you spoke with tongues. You might have danced. You might have done all this. That's all right. I have nothing against it. But yet, if you still got that spiritual amnesia, come on down and come here and stand here. Let's pray about it. What do you say? Church member, just a just a nominal church member, why don't you come up here and let's get rid of it right now. I don't want to leave Birmingham here and know that someday when the judgment comes up and I've got to stand then before you and remember I'm going to meet you again if I never meet you here on this or I'm going to meet you at the judgment and I've got the answer for what I said tonight. Amen. Now this is great hintry hint come out of it. Get out of there. Come on now. That ought to make every bobhaired woman in this country this place come up here now. That's exactly right. that you haven't got grace enough to really say I I I I want to I want to let my hair grow out brother Brandham you know but I haven't got the grace to do it why you say has got anything to do with it you're not long ago a real great minister come to me said I want to lay hands on you brother said everybody regard you as a prophet I said I never said I was a prophet he said but the people regard that you're always caring for me about wearing shorts and a Pentecostal man and said why wearing shorts and things said that's not your business. I said whose business is it then? And he said, "Them people, why don't you teach them women how to be have great spiritual gifts and help people instead of trying to said they regard you? What you tell them? They'd believe you." Said, "Why don't you tell them how to get great gifts and to help people instead of always condemning them?" I said, "How can I teach them algebra when they won't even learn their ABCs?" You got to start from the bottom. Repent. Perish. How you yourself? Repent or perish. Jesus Christ has thoroughly identified himself here night after night. This is a night which turning over for this salvation. It's just a few steps up here and I got plenty of time to wait. Remember Birmingham, your blood not up on me. I'm innocent. And if you haven't really gotten the Holy Spirit, you've got an opportunity to come down. Amen. And if you're suffering with some kind of a church entity has caused you to have spiritual amnesia, why don't you come? Jesus is the cure. Amen. Won't you come? Some people left the balcony just waiting to see whether we're going out or coming to the altar. These down here, come on up around. That's right. You that are here, come stand around the altar. Say, "I'm finished with this." Yes, they were coming down. Dear ladies, that's fine. Come right on up. Now, just a few steps from it. And that steps might mean the difference. Now look, I want to ask you something. What if he does come tonight or say he is coming? I don't know whether he is or not. This is the last sign. Remember, thus sayaeth the Lord. Did you ever hear me say that with what was true? You're seeing your last sign. That's scripture. You've seen your last sign. Pentecost. Don't get mixed up now with what he promised Israel after the rapture. That ain't you. You're done, man. Now's your day. Now's your sign. Now's your time. Don't reject it. Don't do it. You've ever come. You may need to be God's servant. Remember, Birmingham, I've never met nicer people. You're the nicest people I want to meet in my life. But you need a revival. You're dying. Amen. You're taking spiritual anesa. You're dying. Don't do that. Revive that watching of God. Bring it up again quickly before Jesus comes. All right, father. Keep coming. Just let him keep coming till we get all of the Lord's calling up here. Come now. Get rid of that amnesia. The great physician is here now to heal that. Take it away from him. He's proved that he's here. How many will identify that? But raise up your hands. say, "I truly believe it." And he said, "You do this." See, now he's sure. See, you believe. And how many knows, I'm telling you the truth, that you're dying and need a revival. It's true. You're fine people. You can't find no better. No better hearts beating out of these old southern shirts down here. That's right. Real people. But folks, you better wake up right quick. An hour that you think not. It might happen. It might not happen. I don't know. But remember, you're giving your last warning. So flee while you have time to flee. [Music] Come now. As long as they're coming, I'm going to keep waiting because there might one soul's worth 10,000 worlds. And as long as people are being convinced, I'd like to see this break into a great big revival that set up a church around here to break up your differences and get all that selfishness away and accept the Holy Ghost. You claim you believe it. You claim to believe it and when it comes to identify itself, then you'll pull apart from one another. Why not join our hearts with God's word? Amen. That's what you just keep on dying, dying, and you're going right on out into Lady Osia. Exactly what he promised. It'll be that way. Won't you come now? Now is the day. Now is accepted time. Watch what the Holy Spirit will do. Now, I want all the ministers here that's interested in these people, come pray with me, too. Come up here. All ministers that's interested in these people, come just come right around. Get in among the people. A minister or a personal worker, a good personal worker, a woman that won't stand with these women. Now, I'm going to believe with all my heart that the Holy Ghost is going to come into this place right here now and just identify himself all among these people. Now, let me instruct these people here first. Now, friends, whatever you're here for, he knows. Now, I can prove it to you. I take one by one, bring you up here on this platform, and there won't be one thing that you won't make known. Now, that's been since I was a little boy. That gift's not in question. But the question is, can you receive it? Do you believe it? Now, he's here. One, if he's here, then he's only one thing. He keeps his word. Then just believe that you receive it and accept it. Raise up and say, Lord God, I'm here to accept it. and just stay there till it happens. Amen. Like Buddy Robinson said one time in a corn field, he said, "Lord, if you don't give me the Holy Ghost, when you come back, you'll find a pile of bones laying right here." He was dead earnest and you're not going to get anything from God that you get desperate about. Now, have you noticed today crop? Have you noticed today what we do? We actually we got enough God about us to we come up to the platform. We say, "Yes, maybe I better come up." Now, this is the experience of worldwide. Yes, I better go up and stand and say, "Well, well, I don't know. Here I am. See, what a place to be in. There's no fire burning. There's no enthusiasm. There's not I go into it." And as an evangelist, that just kills me to see God's people in that shape. Amen. We're supposed to be on fire. Amen. But you see, what is it? It's exactly what I told you. Revelation 3, you're lukewarm. And he said, "Because you're lukewarm, then I'm going to spew you out of my mouth." That's right. That's what he said. And if he said that, that's what he's going to do. So, let's not be that crowd. You're your deed. Let's get it or die right here. Let's get it or die. Now, my dear brother, sister, if I could come down and help you do something, I'd sure do it. Now, by gift, I can tell you what you're here for. I can tell you what by the Holy Ghost, by God's spirit tell you what you've come for, what you've done, what will be in the future or something like that. But that don't take care of it. You've got to accept this yourself. Amen. It's got to be you. Now, are you ready? Raise up your hand. Say, "I'm ready. I'm ready to die right here." Don't do it unless you mean it. I'm ready to die right here or get what I want from God. Amen. Are you really ready? Then let the audience stand everywhere. Thank you Jesus. Now together let's unite ourselves together. Let's pray. And let's just you ministers now walk up to these people here. Everyone and you're representing the hands of Christ now. You that wants the Holy Spirit, you that wants that experience, not a emotional excitement. You want the Holy Ghost, the life, the germ of life inside you and you want to get rid of that amnesia that's making you can't identify yourself. You don't know where you stand. You don't know what you are. Let's get rid of it right now. There's a new birth here for you. A real genuine new birth. Now, let's lay our hands over on these people. Let's everyone raise up our hands and pray with one accord. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, grant law that in Jesus Christ's name that the Holy Ghost will come tonight, this Saturday night, for the Holy Ghost like a rushing mighty wind. May these people be baptized into the Holy Ghost. May the fire and power of God, not leave them. If you're here in the morning, may they stay stay until the Holy Ghost come. That's the idea. That's it. There it is. That's the Holy Ghost coming. I done done it. That's so believe it now. Accept it. Be filled with his [Music]
