################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - June 25, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Church Ages In Type - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   June 25, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Church Ages In Type
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtxA4yw1BOg
========================================

Amen. Thanks with the grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because it's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's giving Jesus Christ's son. And now [Music] let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak see I am strong. Let the poor see I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's giving Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks for the holy one. give thanks because he's giving Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak see I am strong. Let the poor sing, I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I'm strong. Let the poor see I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and stand as we invite the presence of God. Heavenly Father, we want to bless your name tonight. Lord, we thank you giving us this wonderful privilege to come together again as a family, Lord, to share part of your word. You accept our praises, accept our sacrifice, bless the men of God, anoint him, oh God. We thank you, oh God, for this moment. Bless even our praises to God. We thank you, oh God, for this moment. We give you thanks. Give you all the glory and honor, oh Lord. In Jesus most wonderful name we pray. Amen. Turn to somebody and say God bless you tonight. Want to give thanks. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord I lift your name on high. [Music] Lord I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show us a way from the earth to the cross. I am today. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, I have to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky, Lord, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven to earth to show the way, from the earth to the cross. I have to pay. From the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show your way. From the earth to the cross. I am today. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven to earth to show us the way. From the cross to the grave I am today. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord I lift your name on high. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Give me all [Music] in my lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, give me all in my life. Give me give me all in my hand I praise. Give me all in my hand. If we believe, give me a break of. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh, give me all in my ling. [Music] Give me all in my life I pray. Give me all in my life. Give me if you have me. [Music] Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing to the king. Hallelujah. [Music] Give me all in my hand. Give me glory. Give me all in my love I pray. Give me all in my heart. Keep me burning. Keep me till the break of the sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. [Music] Amen. Thank you Jesus. Just stand to somebody and say God bless you tonight. Hallelujah. What a joy and what a blessing as we all come together praising our most high God. Are you happy to be here tonight? Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Amen. All right, we'll go ahead and sing the song as we change the order of service. down from his glory. [Music] ever live in story. My God and Savior, King and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger [Music] to his own a stranger [Music] and no sorrow in her [Music] [Laughter] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my soul, my all in all. The great creator became my savior [Music] and all of God's fullness dwelling [Music] Oh, how I love him. My breath, my sun, my sunshine, my God in all creative. [Music] Savior and all God's fullness to all him. [Music] I'll bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. Oh yes, I bless your name, Lord. I bless your name. Let's sing that one more time then. Oh yes. I bless your name. I bless your name. And I give you honor. [Music] For we give you praise. You are the father, the true and the way. Oh yes. How bless your name. Lord, I bless your name. The Lord bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's just take few prayer needs if you want to have your seat. And uh [Music] praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we is a faithful God. our dear brother uh brother Agugustus Benz uh the preacher from sele that was with us. He travel uh back home uh yesterday evening and uh he told me after service that he was leaving yesterday uh yesterday evening. So uh he extended his thanks and appreciation for the time of fellowship that he had with us. Praise the Lord and ask that we continue to keep him uh uh his family and uh and their ministry there in prayer. Praise the Lord. Amen. We want to take uh a prayer need here for um a young man from brother David Morris Church. That's uh the church where brother uh Forest Farmer and uh incl we want to remember uh them in prayer. Got this prayer need from there praying for the family of uh Aaron Foster. Um he passed uh in a car wreck. It was his 34th birthday. I believe his sister, okay, it goes there to Dor's church. So media is asking prayer for the whole family that God will give them strength. So we pray that the Lord will just be able to strengthen that family and uh uh with such a a tragic experience. another prayer needed. Uh uh brother Steven Wolves u asking prayer for his family spoke with him yesterday. Sister Kish was not doing well and uh so uh we also want to remember her that the Lord will undertake for her and undertake for their family. And uh and then we just want to bring all unspoken prayer needs uh to the Lord tonight who want to just uh take our hearts and pray for one another. Let's pray together. Pray for me. I'll pray for you. Let's give thanks to the Lord and thank him for giving us another opportunity. Remember those that couldn't be with us tonight and uh and even the ones that are streaming in that the Lord will just bless us all together. Let's pray in Jesus name. Heavenly Father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight we come oh God father Lord and just so father God taking this time Lord God oh to pour our hearts at the altar Lord Jesus oh father we just want to thank you we want to appreciate you oh God oh eternal God of glory father Lord Jesus precious Lord God for being with us Lord and as since the last time we were here oh God Sunday Lord Father you bless us tremendously in your presence, oh God. Oh father, Lord, you bless us in our homes, Lord. You bless us in our working area, oh God. Father, you have given us another Wednesday night, oh God, to come together, Father. Lord, we just want to use this time, oh God. Father, oh God, and lift our hearts in prayer. Oh, Father, God, Lord, we thank you, oh Father, for your children, Lord, God. Father, we thank you, oh God, for this assembly, precious Lord, that is a lighthouse, oh God. Father, we prayed. Oh Lord, let the light of God, the evening light, oh to Father, Lord God, shine from this place, oh Father God, may it go home with us, Lord, shine through our lives, oh Father God, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, almighty God. Oh Father, we give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, Father God. And we just ask your blessings, oh Father. Oh God, Lord that you would just move. Oh God, Father, in a tremendous way, Lord God, precious Lord, Father, oh God, you know our need, Lord, Father God, as as as an assembly, Lord God, our father, as individuals, every home, Father, Lord God, we placing them all of those needs before you tonight. Oh father, Lord, oh God, I'm I'm the most needed one in the house tonight. Precious Lord. Oh father, you see word of God in my heart and toss out tonight. I pray that father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ you would just come oh God father. Oh Lord and just give grace oh father we just bless your name tonight. We oh we appreciate you father God we want to remember Lord Father God Lord brother Wols and his family Lord Jesus Christ. We pray oh God father for sister kish Lord that oh God father Lord Jesus you will help our sister Lord father from the crown of her head to the sword of her feet. We pray oh God Jesus Christ you discern the need in your body. Descend the need in that family oh God and precious Lord you will meet them oh father at the point of oh God their need and precious Lord every need in home oh God in our midst Lord Jesus you know God father what is behind our walls precious Lord we committed to you father God. Oh Lord we pray for our young people Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, that we get an experience with you. Oh father, Lord, a special visitation, oh God, Father, we Oh God, Lord, just place oursel in your hands tonight. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Lord Jesus, precious Lord, Father God, that young lady, oh God, Father, he even Lord God Jesus. Oh, precious Lord, Father, just walking here tonight. Oh God, and out to God, Father, she go, Lord Jesus. Precious Lord, you know, Father God, what she's looking for, you know, Father, and only you can satisfy, Lord, only you, precious Lord, can satisfy. We pray that God you will meet her needs. Oh father Lord. Oh sweet Jesus we love you tonight. Oh father God even the ones that come to visit. Oh God the ones who father Lord that come so precious Lord God once oh God in a while Lord Father the ones Lord Jesus we have not seen Father for some time. Oh God we committed them in your hands Lord you know where they are father. You know what their need is oh God. Oh father we love you tonight Jesus. We love you, Father God. Oh, we praise you, Lord Jesus. We praise you, Lord God. We praise you, Father. What a wonderful savior you are, Jesus. We just love you tonight, oh God. Father, all because you first love us, Father God. I pray, Lord Jesus, for my brothers, Lord. Pray for my sisters, oh God, Father. Lord, the young ones, oh Lord Jesus. Oh eternal God, Father, come and meet with us now, Lord. Father God, come open your word, Lord. Break your word to our hearts. Oh, Father God, speak to us tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh father God, I pray Lord that by the power of your Holy Spirit, oh God, you would take us back to familiar places. Oh God, take us Lord Father before the foundation of the word. Oh God, may it come, oh God, not just like a slogan, but may it come as a reality, Lord God. Father, may it come, oh God, Lord Jesus. Oh father because it's those divine mystery truth oh God father that will change our life oh God it will change the atoms of our body Lord God oh it will break beyond Lord the sin barrier oh God father and restore us back Lord God to sons and daughters of God oh father we love you tonight we love you tonight Jesus we love you tonight father God oh blessed be your name with Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God. Praise him. I want to praise him. Praise the lamb that was sleep. [Music] Oh, I want to praise him. Oh, let us praise him. Thank you, Lord. I will praise the lamb thou was slave. [Music] Love him. Let's stand on our feet tonight. Love him. Love the lamb that was slain. I'm going to love him. Oh, I will love ite. Thank you, Lord. Love the lamb thou was slain. Let's sing. Worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy. Oh, you are worthy. [Music] Worthy is the lamb that was slain. Worthy Jesus, worthy. Oh yes, my Lord, you are worthy. Worthy is alive. Thou was there. Praise the Lord. I found a friend in Jesus. Let's sing that tonight before we just uh read a little portion of the word here to you. I found a Okay. [Music] I found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the nearest doubt into my soul. Oh, the lady of the valley. [Music] He's everything to me. He's a car of 10,000 to my soul. [Music] I found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lady of the valley in him the lonely sea. Oh, I need to cleanse and make me holy. [Music] Oh, in sorrow. He's my comfort in trouble. He's my st. He tells me every ghetto roll. He's the lady of the valley. The bright morning star of 10,000. Let's sing the next one now. And all my sorrow bow in temptation is my strong and mighty tower. In forsaking and all my idol turn from my heartbeat he keep me by his power. Oh no other world save me and save me soul through Jesus save me reach my go. He's the lady of the valley the bright and morning star. He's the fierest of 10,000 demon. Let's do the last one now. Never never leave me in love for me. Yeah. What I live my do his blessed will of God have nothing to fear. Finally, my hungry soul shall feed. I know that sweeping up to glory. I see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever ro. Oh, he's the lady of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fierest of 10,000 to my soul. [Music] Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you tonight. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Uh the deacons just dropped the prayer need here and uh hope we can be able to get through it. Okay. I would like to ask prayer for uh ask for helping prayer for my sister. She has leukemia and she's going through chemo therapy right now in the hospital for my parents' health. Uh they are so tired. Also, I want to get closer to God because I know that I don't just want to love God. Uh want to serve him. Uh okay. So, Yeah, I think you try to place force few words in there, but I love God. That's what I see. So, let's just let's just pray. Let's just take this and heavenly father, yes, another prayer need father, you see the heart is coming from and you see the the burden, Lord God, that is on that heart, Lord. We pray that father you move this very moment Lord God for those parents Lord Jesus that are standing with their daughter dealing with uh uh keeping Lord Father God chemotherapy Lord Father we are lifting up our voices we are uniting our faith tonight oh God believing that Lord Jesus you be you will step on the same gap oh father Lord we pray that Lord Jesus Christ of God father you will just bless uh the dear sister Lord Father in for help. We love you. We thank you and we appreciate you, Father God. We can call upon you because we believe that Father Lord God Jesus, you have moved, oh God, Father, Lord, and you are stay moving, Lord. You are on the move, oh God. Father, Lord, we thank you. We thank you. We love you tonight. Come take your word, oh Father God, and and bless it to our hearts. Oh Lord Jesus, in the name of the Lord God Almighty, we appreciate you, Father. in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you musicians. Let's just take our Bibles and uh I want to appreciate the Lord and and also uh thank you uh uh you know uh when a prayer need goes out like this and uh a brother is praying and the congregation can jump into prayer like that uh like you were doing. I think that's a beautiful thing. Amen. Sometimes we get carried away and you know we just uh allow the person up there and then our mind wander all over the place. But if we can unite our faith and just jump in and cry on God, you know, it it kind of it raises faith. It changed the atmosphere and and I believe that uh uh the Lord is going to move on our behalf. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh um uh Ruth chapter 4. Let's look in the book of Ruth chapter 4. I was I was looking at uh uh was looking at something in the word that uh I thought if I have uh uh this opportunity I would like to share with you something that I've looked at uh some time ago dealing with uh the two wives of Jacob and uh that's Leah and uh richer. Praise the Lord. Luke chapter 4. Well, I just I just want to look at uh the church in prophecy. I want to look at the church ages in prophecy. And uh uh it's is from this statement brother Brandon made that uh uh uh we will read it right there. He says he can be able to show us the seven church ages right from Genesis, you know. So, uh, we just want to look at a little bit of that tonight in in type. But there's there's this there there's a little thing that came out there that really drew me to that. So, u uh, let's read from verse 8. Luke chapter 4 from verse 8. Therefore, the king's man said unto Boaz, "Buy it for thee." So, he drew off his shoes. He took off his shoes and Boaz was supposed to step in it as a sign of redemption. Amen. Amen. So that we can take out our shoes tonight. The Lord will step in it. Amen. He's our kinsman redeemer. If you know you can't do it, just take your shoes off. Say, Lord, I can do it. I want you to step in. Praise the Lord. He has one size that fit all. Amen. He can fit your shoes no matter what size you wear tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he know your size, too. Yes. And boy said unto the other elders, and unto all the people, ye are witnesses this day that I have bought all that was Amalecch, and all that was Chillon and Malon, of the hand of of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabitete, the wife of Melon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethrens, and from uh the gate of his place. Ye are witnesses this day. And all the people that were in the gate and the others said, we are witnesses. The Lord make the woman that is come into thine house like richer and like Leah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So this gentile woman was going to take a type like Richard and like Leah. Are we together? Amen. The Lord make the woman that is come into thine house like Richard and like Leah, which too did build the house of Israel, and uh do thou worth it in Ephertile, and be famous in Bethlehem, and let the house be like the house of Feras, whom Tema bear to Judah, of the seed which the Lord Lord shall give thee of this woman. Amen. The Lord bless you. Have your seat. We continue to read. So Boaz took Ruth and uh and she was his wife and and he and he went in unto her and the Lord gave her conception and she be a son. And the women said unto Naim, "Blessed be the Lord, which have not left thee this day without a king's man, that his name may be famous in Israel, and he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life." The king's men shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life. Amen. and a nourisher of thine old age. For thy daughter-in-law which loveth thee, which is better to thee, than seven sons have borne him. Amen. The daughter-in-law Ruth better than seven sons. So there's a bride that comes out of the church ages that is better than seven sons. Amen. So uh uh we just I just want to just share some few things with you tonight and uh just to kind of uh encourage you. Praise the Lord. Amen. We love the Lord tonight. Amen. We thank the Lord for uh giving us this opportunity. Praise the Lord. Amen. I realize I still said that when I said I didn't wanted to say it, but you have to remember I ask you to pray for me. Amen. I ask you to pray for me. So, uh what what we want to look at tonight by the grace of God uh uh is uh uh the story of Jacob uh uh Rachel and Leah, but but really uh uh Jacob because uh uh now like like brother Brandham said uh in uh Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He said, you see those Old Testament characters, you know, they were living their lives. They were living their normal life. But uh in in their life, God was also writing history. He was writing prophecy. He was writing uh uh he even played placed some mysteries in their life. Even though they were living, they were living their normal life. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh uh uh but but God was hiding things in their life. Now, so when you look at the story of of Jacob here, we will read a little bit. We see that uh uh uh uh Rebecca, his mom uh encouraged him to go over to her brother place and uh you know get away because uh Esau was angry because of the birthright and all of that. We know the story. So, Jacob went down to uh uh his uncle place Laben and then he got there uh uh we will be in Genesis chapter 29. And uh and the Bible says uh uh will let us know that it was Richard that met uh uh Jacob along the way. and uh and and then Jacob came to realize that uh this is his you know uh his relative and then uh he right in there you know uh uh he started falling in love with this young woman but then she would take him you know to go and see her her you know her father her brothers and the story would take her from there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's in uh Genesis chapter 29. Let's look there a little bit. I thought I will I will keep a little portion of this but uh for Sunday but we will see how the Lord will be able to help us tonight. Praise the Lord. Something drew me to this and uh I pray that uh the Lord can uh help us to be able to bring you out. So the Bible will let us know here that uh reading from verse 15 from verse 15 or verse 16 uh 15. Elijah said unto Jacob, "Because thou are my uh thou are my brother, shouldest thou therefore save me for nothing? Tell me, what shall what shall thy wages be?" And Lavan had two daughters. The the name of the elder was Leah and the name of the the younger was Richard. Leah was uh tender eyed, but Rachel was beautiful and well favored. And Jacob loved Rachel and said, "I will save thee seven years for Rachel, thy young daughter." And that said, it is it is between it is better that I give her to thee than that I I should give her to another man aband seven years for Rachel and it seems unto him but a few days which mean he it was it was just like a quick one you know and it seems like it was a few days for he for the love he had for her. He never thought about it. He was not even counting the days. He was not counting the months. Yeah. I mean, uh, it went so damn fast. And, uh, and Jacob said unto Elean, "Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go and unto her." And Laban gathered together all the men of the place uh, and made a feast. And it came to pass in the evening that he took Leah his his daughter and brought her to him and he went in unto her and uh and Lavan gave unto his daughter Leah uh Zelpath he uh his handmade for his maid for an in the morning behold it was lethar and uh he said unto L and Jacob is speaking. And what is this that thou done unto men? Did not I say did did not I with thee for richer wherefore then thou wherefore have thou begel me? And Laban said it must not be so done in our country to give the younger before the firstborn. Now so we go we doing all of this reading because I just want to grab your attention. But we know the story. And uh uh uh so Y said Jacob, you know, he's he's carrying on. I mean I mean he's not happy about this. Okay. He's not happy that uh uh you know, Leah is given to him and now Richard. I mean, he's not happy because I mean, his heart, his mind, everything was in this to be able to work and and and you know, when and married this young girl that he, you know, uh that he fell in love with, you know, at first sight, but turn the picture around on the other side, Almighty God is writing the story. Praise the Lord. Amen. And the council of God cannot be broken. Praise the Lord. Now, so you you you have to see it now. This is a tie, but just see it now that uh uh uh uh Laban is going to tell him that this is not done in our country. You can you can take the younger one without the the the uh the older one. The older one is married first before the younger one. Praise the Lord. Now uh uh and then Jacob again will go into an agreement uh verse uh 27 fulfill her weeks and uh we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years. So there is a seven year for Leah and there is a sevenyear for Richard. Praise the Lord. Now so we are taking this thought in line with uh uh with with some of the things that we will read to you. Let me let me pick up some of them here. uh uh invasion of the US uh invasion of the USA in the Old Testament. If the Lord willing, maybe in the coming services, I did like to show how that how that the seven church ages typed out in the Old Testament. Praise the Lord. We know in revelation brings out seven church ages from La I mean from Ephesus to Laudisha. Praise the Lord. And these seven church ages were where the all gentile church ages. Are we together? But you have to see here that uh the gentile age began from a Jewish church. Are we together? Peter, James, and all of those disciples, they were all they were all they were all Jews. And that is the reason why when Peter went to the house of Kolenus, we know he had to go by the vision, the Lord there with him, you say, I've never eaten anything unclean. And God says, what I've made clean, don't call it unclean. There are two men that are coming to pick you up. They will take you to a certain place. I want you to declare my word. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. And when Peter went there, this is a gentile church. This is a gentile believers that he's going to, you know, uh uh preach. And the Bible says why Peter preached the Holy Ghost fell. If you read the book of uh uh uh uh first and second Peter, Peter testified that the way the Gentiles received the Holy Ghost were better than the way the Jews receive it. If you read first and second Peter, you will see the record there because he was part of the group in the offer room. He waited on the Holy Ghost. You know, did they not know what was going to happen? You know, they were just following Jesus instruction. Wait until you are endued with power from on high. Are we together? And they were waiting and they were waiting and they were waiting and then finally uh the Bible says when they were in one accord in one mind the Holy Ghost came I call him to the promise. Praise the Lord. 10 days. in 10 days. That's that's that's what gave the name Pentecost because it was uh uh uh you have to know after the resurrection 40 days you know Jesus there were there were there were resurrected saints that was moving about 40 days and then after that ascension when Jesus ascended 10 days after so complete 50 days Pentecost are we together? Amen. So uh uh uh uh so that here is here is Peter, James, John and and and uh and James will even testify in Acts chapter 15. You know uh uh he would talk about uh the the Gentiles that have come to believe that there was a prophecy in the book of Amos that God prophesied he was going to do a a powerful work, a quick short work among the Gentiles. And this is what is happening because you see these Jew these Jewish believers because of how much they were they were they they were taught in the Torah and they were you know holding to the Torah they just couldn't allow some of those legalistic things to go. So they wanted they wanted the gentile believers to be circumcised. They wanted them to follow some uh some Jewish ritual before they will accept them in the church. The believer says no. Amen. That God is not respected of person. Amen. Peter says that God is not respected of person. I saw it with my eyes. Praise the Lord. We had to wait for 10 days. But these people were under so much expectation when I started to testify about the resurrection of Jesus Christ. The same experience that we had in the in the upper room. They had the same experience. Why Peter speak this word? The Holy Ghost felt. Amen. And you can receive the Holy Ghost under the preaching of the word. Amen. If your heart is right. Amen. And you are under expectation. Amen. So every time the word is preached, the Holy Ghost is falling. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So every service is a Pentecost for us. Amen. Amen. Every service is a Pentecost. That's the reason why we must we must labor in the atmosphere. Amen. Let's labor and create the atmosphere. Amen. That's that just all we need to do. Praise the Lord. Let's get our mind right. Get our heart in and get into the worship. Get our mind off of the things, you know, uh that we have to do later or we were doing throughout the day. Just get into the word. Get into the worship. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because every service it is is a Pentecost. Amen. Are we together? So, we seeing right here the very same thing that played between Maine and and and and Ruth is playing right here. Uh uh uh Naom being a Jew brought a gentile Ruth in and then uh true Ruth now the king's man redeemer Boaz is now going to redeem everything that Naomi lost. So the very same thing is playing here. The Jewish church is now taking the gospel to a gentile people. Are we together? Amen. And when the gentile dispensation is over, this very message is going back to the Jews. Amen. Are we together? It's going to restore everything that the Jews lost. Are we together now? So, we see it right here. uh uh uh uh that uh uh Jacob is carrying out his life. He has he has he has left his brother Esau back. He forget about everything. He's over here. Opportunity to work. He's working. Everything is going well. You know uh he can't believe it. My you know the Lord is blessing him. Uh you know the Lord is prospering him. He his mind is set. You know he's going to uh uh take this uh uh uh wife. He's, you know, he's going to get married, get settled down, and, you know, uh, uh, and build his home. Praise the Lord. But God is writing out a prophecy. Amen. The same way Jacob is going uh uh work seven years for Leah and he's going to work seven more years for Rachel. All in God's mind he's seeing a seven church ages. Praise the Lord. All he all in his mind you you carry on your life. Do what you want to do. you know, you just go do it what what you want to do. And uh but I'm I'm going to I'm going to play out something in your life that is going to reflect a seven church ages. There's going to be a seven church ages through the the the Jewish dispensation. And there will be a seven church ages through the Gentile dispensation. Are we together? Amen. So Bram says here he says if the Lord willing may be to come in services they like to show how that the seven church ages type out in the old testament. So it's not just it's not just a the the book of revelation. Now we we know that uh uh uh in in the in the in the book of revelation the seven church ages was uh uh uh it it was designed because that that is the pattern you know like brother Brandham said you know a person bought a yard of cloth and and and then they have their measurements so they get right in there and then they cut to be able to sew the kind of a suit you see. So this the the the seven church ages was the entire material from where God would take out a bride. Are we together? Amen. He will caught in Ephesus. He will caught in in seminary and caught through all until audition and then he will get a bride. He will get a people for his name's sake. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Now, so you see here is that uh just look at Ruth and and and and and and now and her husband they left Beth to him because of farming. We know the story. They went with their sons and and and their sons knowing very well that the word you know God have said they must not get you know a mar stranger. more over you know Moabites you know uh uh people from uh the lineage of of Lot having children with his daughters you know that that was that was an abomination but yet they did it the boys died now Naomi found herself to this place she don't have her son she felt like I need to go back home are we together amen they are living their life. But God has written a divine program. Amen. And it would drop on the heart of this gentile girl to tell this woman, "Your people will be my people. Your God will be my God. Where you would died, I will die." Praise the Lord. Not even knowing what is awaiting her. But it was God's design. Amen. Because in God's mind, a gentile people was going to come into the promise of Abraham. Are we together? Now, I mean, she's she's sad, you know. She she plead to this young lady, "Please go back. I'm I'm I'm old. I'm not going to I'm not going to have no other child again. I mean, I don't I don't I don't even have anything left. Just go back. But the inspiration of the Almighty was on Ruth, not even knowing what to expect. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see, that's the reason why uh uh uh the opening of the seals takes us back to familiar places because when when the word open to you and you begin to see what God had in his mind concerning you, praise the Lord. It raises your faith that no matter what you are going through, you know that this is what God says in his word. Amen. He had choose me in him. Amen. for me to walk holy. So no matter what uh you know my my the the the the mind battle that might be going in, the health battle that might be going whatever it is, you can be able to look at God promise. Amen. Amen. These people did not had it. Ruth did not had it. Now we can look at the story of Ruth and see ourselves. She never had anything to look at. Praise the Lord. Amen. We can we can read about Jacob uh uh uh uh working seven years and working seven years and I mean the Bible says he did it so quick that it was just nothing to him. He thought he was doing it for the wife but in God's mind you are writing out my seven church ages. Amen. So you see when a person is in the line of duty of God's promise his burden is what? Light. The burden of the word is light. Amen. Are we together? I hope you're getting the picture tonight. Amen. So he says here, I would like to show seven church ages out in the Old Testament how that they begin just like the beginning of the of of the church ages of the Gentile and went and went right down through the similar dark age and come out into into the glorious time of Pentecost at the falling of the Holy Spirit in the early church of the Jewish dispensation. So, so uh uh they came to their Pentecost that was the Jewish people that experienced it. Then the Gentile the Ephesus church started out there uh with uh the Jews bringing the message to the Gentiles. Now, so uh what I what I want you to see here is that because many times many times uh uh uh when when our types are out of places, then we get a cow eating grass on top of the house. Now, so brother Brandham said this to be able to give us an insight that you can look at the gentile church ages, the seven gentile church ages. You know what uh uh uh uh it is written there uh Jesus told John onto the church of Ephesus, right? You can see it plainly. There is nothing said in the Old Testament unto the first church of the Jews onto the second church of the Jews. What is in the Old Testament is only types. So you can type certain think like uh h Ahab marrying Jezebel. You can type that to what? Tarot because it was an age of ungodly marriage. So in the old testament you can be able to pick up types year and there. So there is no direct order. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. Because what happen most of the time is that we go looking for information instead of looking for Christ the anointed word. Amen. We go looking for information. Okay. Yeah. This now okay the garden of Eden will be the first age and then the time of Abraham will be the second church age. I mean you you will just before you realize you will run out of material and you will hang yourself. So the the seven Jewish church ages is in a type and when you are doing types there are places where types holds and there are places where types breaks. What do I mean? Joseph is a perfect type of Jesus. Are we together? He's a perfect type. But when he tore a lie, the tie breaks. Jesus will never tell a lie. So you see, there are places where tie holes and there are places where types breaks. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. I think I love are we together? Because we're supposed to stay together. Then do you love the Lord? I need to take that language from my mouth. Amen. I don't think it's a bad language, but uh uh are we together? So we so you see here now that he was he was say something here also in uh in the message of grace. uh Zarabia the prince with Joshua was one that was to bring forth this hairstone. He had laid the foundation. He did took the people back to the foundation in type in type because we have to realize that uh God never sent us a theologian. Brother Brandham is not a theologian. Brother Brandham is not a scholar. He was not sent to give us Bible commentaries. The ministry of the brother Brandham was to tie the loose ends. To tie the loose end. The Holy Ghost was going to come in there those those little those little places where we h we needed connected for it to make more sense to us. Amen. That was the ministry of the end time Elijah to tie the loose ends, not to write us a study Bible, a concordance to give us the Greek and the Hebrew. No. So, so what he says, he says, "Well, the uh uh uh you know, uh uh his seminary that he went to was neology on his knees and he graduated with typology to be able to take the types and make us to see things. Are we together?" Amen. Because sometimes people get caught up in their world that you know I check all through the message. Brother never said nothing about this scripture. Does that mean that scripture is silent? No. No. Because we still have the Holy Ghost. If the Holy Ghost will say anything about that scripture, it will bring us back to the word. It will not contradict the word at all. Amen. Amen. So, Zarabel, yeah, the prince of Joshua, I really never thought I was going to go like this, but that's that's okay. The prince of Joshua was the one that was to bring forth the hairstone and uh uh uh he had laid the foundation. He did took the people back to the foundation in type. So, he was typing he was typing Jesus Christ. Amen. Jesus Christ is our Zaruba. He laid the cornerstone. He put the hair stone. Amen. He's the author and the finisher of our faith which we all know that these candlesticks and so forth represented both Jewish and uh both uh Jewish and the church. When you say Jewish and the church which mean Jews and Gentile. Amen. So he's talking about the the candlestick in the book of of Zachariah. You remember uh the the the angel was talking to Zachariah he you know uh uh uh the seven candlestick and he had to light it. So he's saying here that uh that those seven candlesticks was representing both Jews and the church. So seven candlesticks, seven church ages. Because when you come to Revelation chapter one, there's seven golden candlesticks. In Zechariah, I think is lampstand in Revelation is candlesticks. Are you getting the picture tonight? Amen. Okay. They they were olive branch. The Bible said here that the olive branch, we are the Y branch that was grafted into the roots. Paul speaks about this. They grip the vine uh uh into the root to be to be tame olive tree gentiles. And out of these two branches come sensor pipes going into the seven golden candlesticks to be light to the seven church ages. So you see uh when when you when you look at things and and you find people saying no that was in the old testament. No it still represent today. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because they are not divided books. Amen. Saying old and new was just to be able to show us dispensation. The old dispensation and the new dispensation. That's why Jesus say I have not come to destroy the Lord. I've come to fulfilled it. That's right. Are we together? So you cannot say that. Oh, I mean it's a it's a Old Testament thing in the New Testament. No, everything in the Old Testament has its representation in the New Testament. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are we together? Now look, take this other one again. Uh notice all seven Jewish feast I kept in the same place which which are the the feast of unleven bread you know the the feast of Pentecost the feast of the Passover and all of these all the seven Jewish feasts I kept in the same place. They never kept one feast year for the Meadows and one over for the Baptist and one for the Presbyterian, one back year for the Catholic or one for the Protestant. All seven feasts I kept in the same place. It is a beautiful type. It's a beautiful type because if you don't see it as a type, you will make it a law. You would think that you have to do the very same thing they were doing in the Old Testament, but it was a type. The Lord was a type and shadow of good things to come. Are we together? Amen. In the Old Testament tabernacle, they had to sprinkle all the instruments and everything, the worshippers with the blood of of the sacrifice that that was killed for their sin, it has to be sprinkled on the people. In the New Testament, the sprinkling of the blood is the preaching of the word. Amen. Amen. So that was just a type. We don't have to kill an animal in the backyard and bring blood here and sprink it on you. What we have to do is to preach the pure word. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So if the preacher preached the word and it looks like it gets down to you, it was just a sprinkle of blood that went in your eyes. It's part of your sacrifice. Amen. Amen. And if you believe that that lamb take your place, you are ready to even open your mouth for the blood to go inside. Amen. But the blood of animals will not cleanse you. You are just only identifying with your sacrifice by the sprinkling of the blood. And that is the same thing with the preaching of the word. Amen. When you say amen to the word, that's your sacrifice. It has to be your sacrifice. Amen. And not the other person. is my sacrifice. Thank you Lord for taking my place. Thank you for calling my name. Thank you for speaking to me. Amen. So it was a type. Are we together? So he said all the seven feasts were kept in the same place. It is a beautiful type year. We have just went through the seven church ages. going to show that God keep all the seven church ages in the same place. What is that place? The word. All the seven church ages were kept in the same place. Just like all the seven feasts, Hebrew feasts were kept in the same place. Are you seeing the picture? Amen. You seeing how the sevens are all running out together? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The servants are running out together. So you can see clearly that when the when the women told Anna mean that your daughter-in-law she's better than seven sons. Even if you have you only had two, if you have seven, this girl is better than seven son. Why? Because she got married to uh uh uh the Lord of the harvest. a man that was able to redeem everything you lost. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. If she was even married to your son, if he was not a wealthy man, he couldn't redeem what you lost. That's why we are not married to the messenger. We are married to the Lord of the harvest. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. the Lord of the harvest. He was the one in uh and in the ministry of the messengers. Amen. Praise the Lord. He was the one uh h that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit said unto the church. That's what that's what every age had. So it was Christ speaking through the messenger. We must be able to see Christ that is speaking through the messenger. We must fall in love with Christ that is speaking through the messenger. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because uh when we find our place as the bride of Christ, you realize that it took those seven messengers to bring us to where we are today. And we are better than seven sons. Are we together? I'm going in cycles here tonight. Praise the Lord. I get a few minutes and then I will I will let you go home. So, are you are you seeing the picture? Amen. Are you seeing the picture? I was I was uh I mean I was reading one day. No, I was actually more in the lawn and I was listening to something. I can't remember which message or something I was listening to. And then this this whole thing about Jacob and Lead and Rachel just it just came uh so real to me. And I say I say, "Well, yeah, I think I think I see my my uh uh uh seven church ages in the Gentile just like I mean seven church ages in the Jews just like it's in the Gentile. Are we together?" Amen. And then I I just I just kept that, you know, uh uh uh you know, just just just thinking about it all the time, you know, because I mean it it just came real to me. But there was something else that I saw that that just make me to come up with this tonight. I'll share that with you before we close. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now see Kingsman redeemer. Yeah. Let's just take a uh one touch here. Now Boas, he had to make a had to make public. He said, "Can you redeem her?" He's talking to the man because there was a man that was more closer to Naomi than Boas. Praise the Lord. There was a man that was more closer and there is a man that is more closer to us than Christ. Praise the Lord. closer in a sense of our our spirit and our flesh. Yeah. Because he's the prince of the power of the air which is the spirit that dwelleth in the sons of disobedient. So that whole spiritman of us is all mixed out of uh uh uh the serpent and Eve and the product is this fallen flesh. So he's the man that is more closer, but he's not able to redeem us. He's not able to carry us back to our original state. There is a kingsman redeemer that took the book and broke the seals. Are we together? Amen. Bo said to the man, "Can you redeem her?" He said, "No." Then he had to make a public testimony. He picked off his shoes and threw it in the air and said, "There you are. Let all Israel know that I have redeemed now me and and I also take Ruth." Amen. I take Ruth for a bride. Who is it? The Lord of the harvest. There she is. I redeem Naomi and I get Ruth and Ruth will be my bride. What did they said? May her be like Leah and Rachel. We read that. And then and raise up thousands and she has that right onto Israel. Praise the Lord. Amen. May she be that way. Look, he made a public testimony. What did Jesus do to do it? He made a public testimony when Satan could not die for sin because he was a sinner. He was the father of sin. But Jesus, the innocent one, God of heaven, who didn't have to die, come down and make a public testimony by dying, lifting lifted up between heaven and earth. a public testimony. Strip strip his clothes off of him and hang and and and and hang between heaven and earth in shame and die a sinful shameful death to redeem us a public testimony. Amen. What did he do? He kicked off his own righteousness. He kicked off his own glory. Amen. I have power. I could speak to my father and straightway he would send me uh 20 legions of angels. They could change the course. One angels could have done it. He could have called for 20 legions. Uh uh that being about 40,000 angels, what what could they have done? He said I could speak to my father straightway. Is that right? He did send mean 20 legions of angels to come here and take over. And what will one do? One will destroy the earth in a second. Uh uh just look. He had thousands that could have done it. See, but he kicked that off. Wow. He laid that aside. He laid all his dignity, everything aside and become a sinner and die for you and I. Praise the Lord. What a kings redeemer. Amen. Our kings redeemer had to identify with us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So we see here that uh uh uh uh this whole thing playing out. So you will see that in the life uh you see that in the life of David when he was he was you know uh uh forsaken and and Saul was seeking his life. He went on the mountain you know just like the rejected king. You see that in in all the Old Testament, many of the Old Testament characters. And like Bert Brandham said, God was writing out prophecies in the life of these men. That you and myself, we hang our faith on. They were living their normal life, going through their struggle, but God was writing prophecy. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. They never knew nothing about it. David never even knew that uh his prayer, my God, my God, why have thou forsaken me? He never knew that it was by inspiration he said that the son of God will hang on that prayer. Are we together? Amen. Now, so you see all of these things uh you knowh as as they come together, you see all of the tie playing out there. So I wanted to bring out this uh this uh uh uh uh seven seven church ages year of of the Jews and seven church age of the gentile. But yet here is the thing that caught my attention. Here is the thing that caught my attention. I thought I would keep it for Sunday but you have exhausted all my inspiration tonight. Amen. You have taken everything out of me. So if I should continue to speak, then I have to bring out the hidden manner. Amen. Let's go back to Genesis chapter 29. This is the thing that caught my attention. Oh, praise the Lord. You love the Lord. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. We love him with all of our life. With the breath that we breathe, we love him. Amen. Amen. Genesis 29. Look here now. Let's let's read here 29. Uh let's read from verse 31. From verse 30. And he went in also onto Rachel. Now he has already worked seven years for Rachel. And uh and he loved and he loved also Rachel more than Leah and self with him. Yes. Seven other years. And when the Lord saw that Leah was hated. The Bible says he opened her womb but richer was barren. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now we deal with this also. If you forget I remind you. And if you don't remember, I'll preach it again. How baroness was baroness. God used baroness in the Old Testament. If if you if you watch it, especially in the patriarch, there are two things that play out. Baroness and blindness. Now, Paul will come out and tell us that blindness happened to the Jews in part. Amen. So most of the patriarch like Isaac the blindness really show in Isaac he was blind. Are we together? Now you will also see that uh there were baroness that play out in the wife of the patriot. God will promise Abraham a seed but yet Sarah will be barren. So we realize that God had a purpose to them. It was uh it was it was uh you know a terrible condition but to God it was not terrible at all. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because he had a reason. The reason there is that the law will be barren. The law will never be able to bring forth Christ. So God was showing in the patriots uh h uh uh uh Sarah, Rebecca, Rachel, all the the h mothers there of the patriarch, they went through this season and it looks like they were barren. The Bible says they were barren. Yeah. The Bible says, you know, uh uh Rachel was barren, but yet at the end she will have Joseph and Benjamin. At the end, Sarah will have Isaac. Praise the Lord. Amen. At the end, Hannah will have her two sons or he she will have Samuel and mold other children to come after. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Praise the Lord. I'm just I'm just trying to to to redeem our time here. And when the Lord saw that Leah was headed, he opened, you know, her womb. But Rachel was barren and and and uh and Leah conceived in bed a son and she called him call his name Ruben. Listen to this now. For she said, "Surely the Lord has looked upon my affliction. Now therefore my husband will love me." Praise the Lord. Amen. a natural crave in in in in her for for love. Now he will love me. Now that I brought forth a son, I brought I brought forth his firstborn. It's a son. Now he will love me. Praise the Lord. Are we together? You love the Lord. Amen. And the Bible says, "And she conceived again and and and be a son and said, because the Lord has heard that I was hated. He had therefore given me this son also." And she called his name Simeon. I can I can hear the human part. Somebody say h, they are feeling the hatred. Praise the Lord. I get, you know, that's that's the human expression if we can feed it. We we are touched by the feeling of of human things. Amen. But you you you see the thing I want us to see beyond that, right? Amen. I I don't want us to fall into uh uh uh uh I mean, yeah, they were living out their life, but now we can see that God play out certain things in their life for our benefit. Praise the Lord. I'm not going to be sorry for Leah being barren or or Leah being hated. I'm not going to be sorry for that because I can see what is playing out here and I will soon see it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That is the benefit of the opening of the seals because what? It takes us beyond the letters. It takes us into the reality. It takes us into the mind of God. Why did God allow it? Amen. Amen. Amen. Why did God allow Joseph youth to be wasted? When he thought it was all over, then he had to go into prison. Why did God allow I'm not going to feel sorry for him? Because now I have seen it. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Now, let's let's go. Let's let's go. Uh yeah. And the Bible said verse 34, "And she conceive again and bear a son. And now this time will my husband be joined unto me because I have I I I have bold him a tear son." Therefore she name him Levi. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can see uh in a woman, you can see in a church, you can see in a believer that is looking at their life condition and asking, "Do God really love me? Now I got a better job. I can pay my tithe. I the Lord will love me." Maybe maybe uh because most of the time we try to we try to uh see God love in perishable things. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now I will be joined unto my husband. Now he will love me. I I've bear him another son. She's craving for it. And that's what we are craving for. We want to feed the love of God. But tell me what can what what what can be compared? What can God do for you now that can ever be compared or surpass Calvary? What can God do for you now? What can he give you now tonight that can pass Calvary? What can he give you tonight that can ever be better than what he taught about you from the foundation of the word? Amen. Because he's not going to give you anything different. He's not going to give you anything new. His works were finished from the foundation of the word. He have already laid it out. Amen. Amen. He already put it there in the bank of heaven. You got to cash it out. Amen. Every promise is there. Thank you, Lord. You're not going to make yourself sorrowful for God to to feel sorry for you. You're not going to do something to impress God. If you want God to bankrupt heaven, you got to believe his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Oh, I love this. Amen. Amen. I love this. Amen. And we all go through that. We all go through. That's that's the flesh. We go through it. We want to be able to feel his love. We want to feel it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh my. If I was really depending on that tonight, I would not be preaching because I'm telling you, if I was really depending on on feelings tonight, I won't be preaching. Glory be to God. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's break this thing. It's 9:05, so I can let you go. Let's read yet again. And the Bible says verse 35, the last verse, this is the thing that came open to me. And she conceived again and bear a son, and she said, "Now will I praise the Lord." Now I'm going to praise the Lord. I have been looking for attention. I have been looking for to feel his love. Whether I feel or not, I'm going to praise him any heart. Amen. Amen. Amen. I've been looking for some kind of a thing to tell me that God love me. But what with the grace that I see in my life and what he's doing every day, whether I feel it or not, I'm going to praise him. Now, I praise the Lord. Amen. I don't have to wait for good shepherd approver. Praise the Lord. I don't have to wait for your approval. I don't have to wait for your support. I'm going to praise the Lord anyhow no matter what tomorrow brings. Amen. Amen. Amen. She says, "Now I will praise the Lord. I'm taking my eyes off of men." I'm taking my eyes off of looking for fleshly approval. I'm going to praise God. I don't care whether I'm your best preacher or not. I'm going to praise God anyhow. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm not going to look for man's approver. I'm going to praise the Lord. Amen. Oh my. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. When the Lord opened this to me, I said, "No, I got to preach my I got to just go back to my seven Gentiles, seven Jewish church ages, and just uh and just share something with the people tonight." Oh my God. Come on. Let's let's uh let's uh pray and so we can be able to go home. Let the musicians come forth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. When she got got the first son, this is the first born. Thank you, Jesus. I've got the firstborn. Amen. Now my husband will love me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just play. No matter what tomorrow brings, how we praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And uh and it looks like Jacob was just carried away, you know. He was just carried away with with his little fishing love for for Rachel in his mind. You know, he was just carried away. You know, I I He was trying to make Rachel to don't feel bad. You know, uh you know, I really love you be more than your sister, even though your father was the one that pulled this out on me. He's trying to do everything to to assure Richard and and and and and it looks like she's not she's not, you know, she's not also uh you know, uh uh uh you know, she's she's not she's not having a child. I believe in in in in Jacob's mind, he would have wished that Rachel is the one that had the firstborn. But that was not what in God's mind. Praise the Lord. You see, God was trying to get Leah's attention, and Leah was looking for man's attention. [Music] I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Oh, I I'm going to praise the Lord. Yeah, I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings and what he has in store. I know I I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord and I will pray. Let's stand on our feet tonight. Oh yes. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I know I am going to praise the Lord. Do you feel like that tonight? Let's sing it to him. Oh, I will praise the Lord and I will praise the Lord. Yes. No matter what tomorrow brings and what he has in store, I know I I'm going to pray. Just sing it to him one more time. Now sing it like you mean it. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh yes, I I will praise the Lord. Oh no matter what tomorrow brings. What a soul. I know I I'm going to praise the Lord. And I will praise the Lord. Yes, Jesus. And I I'm going to praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store, I know I am going to praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh Jesus, I I'm going to praise the Lord. The Bible says when a man ways pleases the Lord, even his enemies will be at peace with him. Many times we we go through there. We struggle. we and uh seek people to prove her and uh but if we can love the Lord with all of our heart, love the Lord with all of our mind, what is the primary thing on your mind tonight? What is the primary thing on your mind tonight? Is there something on your mind that is above the love of God? Is there something that is that is that is so much burden on your mind more than your love for God and say, "Oh, I want to see him and look upon his face. Oh God, oh God, how far Lord we have exchanged you Lord. Father for perishable things oh God lord father God Jesus thanks oh God situation we don't have control over oh god is so much love father it overtakes our mind it give us sleepless night lord more than falling in love with Jesus more than father thinking oh god father about your goodness your love and your mercy Okay. And that's where she get she got the name of Judah. Brother Brandham says those Hebrew mother in birth pains. She was dealing with that birth pain and and and and she was dealing with all the mixed feelings. I've tried everything. Lord, [Music] I'm just going to praise the Lord. I'm just going to break into praise. I'm just going to break into praise. [Music] Oh, Father God, we just want to thank you tonight, Lord. Give us a garment of praise, Lord. A people that really know how to praise God, Father. Lord God, not listening to strings of music, oh God. Father, but our heart is in it, Lord. We are thinking about the words that been sank. Oh God, we are really praising you because we are grateful. We are thankful to you, Father God. Not just singing and Father God, our mind is just all over the place. Oh, Father God, we want the spirit of worship because you said, Father, Lord God, the father, the father, Lord God, love them that worship him in spirit and in truth. Lord God, Father, oh precious Lord Jesus, oh Father God, what a God you are. What a mighty God you are, Jesus. What a mighty God you are, Father. Lord, oh blessed be your name tonight. Blessed be your name tonight, Lord. Blessed be your name tonight, Father. Oh, we thank you, precious Lord. We thank you, Lord God. We thank you, Jesus. Whether I feel it or not, Lord, I'm going to praise you, Lord. Father, because I know you love me. I don't have to feel your love. Oh God, I don't have to feel your love. Father, your word say while we were yet sinners, you died for us, Lord, you paid the price, Lord God. Oh precious Lord, blessed be your name tonight, oh God. Father, blessed be your holy name tonight, sweet Jesus. Oh, thank you Lord God. Father, Lord Jesus, meddle the people hearts, Lord God, take the idols from their hearts, oh God, the idols from their mind, oh Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord Father, we are seeking to be in one class or another class. to God want to be above this person and better than this person. Oh father, Lord God. Oh Jesus. Oh father, our life could be called tonight. Oh God. Father. And then what then Lord? What then? What next? Oh father God. Oh precious Lord Jesus. Father God, we just thank you tonight. Oh God, we thank you. We love you tonight. Father God Jesus. Almighty God. What a wonderful what a wonderful savior you are. Precious Lord. I just thank you tonight, Father. You are a faithful God. You are a faithful God, Lord. You are a faithful God, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. God, Father, thank you, precious Lord Jesus. Father, thank you, Father. Blessed be your name tonight, oh God. Thou the rock of my salvation, oh God. Father, we thank you, precious Lord, tonight. What a faithful God. What a blessed Savior you are. We just have your way tonight, Lord. We love you. We ask your blessings, Lord. Father, your blessings, oh God. Father, Lord God, and we're upon the assembling of your people, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, Father God, we pray, Lord God. Father, just just bless, oh God, the congregation, Father, bless your people, Father God, streaming into the service tonight, Lord. I pray the Holy Ghost would just bring oh Father truth conviction to our hearts. Oh God, Father. Oh Lord God, that love the Lord with all of your heart, all of your mind, all of your strength, Lord God, it will just not be a Bible verse, Lord. It will be a reality to God. We will be eaten by the love of God, Father. We be consumed in your love. We will be captivated by you, Father. Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord God, knowing, oh Father, Lord, is the thing that is done for you and your kingdom. And that's what is going to stand that day. Precious Lord. Oh father God we love you. We love you tonight Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Yes. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh yes. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock rock of my salvation. The earthana hosana. Blessed be the rock, my God. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh yes. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Ohana. Hosanana. Jesus is the rock. Oh Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh son of Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Oh hallelujah. Hosana hosana again. Blessed be hosana. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Oh yeah. And may the God of my salvation be. Let's sing it to him one more time. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hosana. Thank you Lord. I'm going to praise you and our father. Be the rock of my salvation. Oh yeah. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus is a rock and may the God of my salvation be exalted. Oh, let just exalt him tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be the God of my salvation. I thank you Lord. Jesus is the rock and may the God of my salvation be exalted. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus is the rock. Oh Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Ro again. Jesus is the rock and he's the God of my salvation. Be exalted. Hosana. I thank you all. Oh my God. Oh my salvation. Hosana. Hallelu. Blessed be the rock. May the God of my salvation be exalted. Let's just clap our hands now. [Music] [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Thank you my Lord. Oh thank you my God the God of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and may the God of my salvation be exalted. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. If you don't want to praise, we will praise him anyhow. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you tonight. Thank you. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Thank you for blessing us tonight, oh God. We just, Lord, when you come by in in simplicity, Lord, Father, and you spring out of the pages of your word, oh God, and Father, we can just embrace you, Lord God. hold you dear to our hearts. Oh, Father God, tonight we're going to praise the Lord anyhow, Father. No matter what comes, no matter what goes, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God. Lord, even if I don't feel it in my body, Lord, I'm going to praise you any heart, Lord Jesus. Just want to thank you, precious Lord God. Father, just being out of strength these days, oh God, Father, Lord, but I know, God, Father, Lord God, yes Lord, thou are my strength. You are my portion, oh God. Father, we love you. We appreciate you, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray tonight. Oh father, bless us, Lord. Go with us now, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, your seventh fly in tomorrow, Lord G, Father, to just visit with us, pass through, oh Lord God, Father. And uh we just ask you grant him a safe trip, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Blessed be your name Lord. Blessed be your name father. What an awesome God. What a wonderful father you are. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. You have a good night's sleep. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you don't feel like praying, just praise the Lord. Amen. You don't Yeah. You don't feel like eating, praise the Lord. Amen. Yeah. Hallelujah. Just praise the Lord anyhow. Hallelujah. Brother Delhi, fly in tomorrow morning, but uh he he will fly out on Friday. Uh brother brother asks to use him on the weekend. So we have I have we have to train him. Amen. I don't I don't I don't I don't I didn't I'm not so much fun of it, but we have to do it. Praise the Lord. You know Jesus said you gave out what you love the best. So we have to practice the word. Amen. We have to practice what we preach. So but he'll be back on Monday and then he preach for us Wednesday night before he travel. Praise the Lord. And so let's just keep him in prayer. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Amen. I wish you a good night's sleep and uh a blessed rest of your week and and I pray for the few young people that will be traveling on the weekend. Keep them in prayer that they will have an encounter with God, you know, as they go for uh that youth camp. You know, they are so excited. They don't know what is waiting for them. Praise the Lord. They are so excited. They just think now they are going to school fee trip. This is not a school fee trip. This is not a school feed trip. This is uh I don't want to scare you young people. This is uh but uh you know it'll be fun. My my baby said we're going to have fun. Go and have fun. Amen. The Lord bless you. Amen. The Lord bless you. We are dismissed. What are you playing? Let's sing the same song and be dismissed. Amen. [Music] That's going the peace of the Lord. Oh my.
