################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-07 - 01072026 Wednesday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - Bless The Lord Oh My Soul - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-07
Title:    01/07/2026 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Bless The Lord Oh My Soul
Speaker:  Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esjnLCPQZyU
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus Christ the Lord. Let us concentrate on him and worship him. Let us forget about ourself, concentrate on him and worship him. Let us forget about ourself. Concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ the Lord. Oh yes. Let us forget about ourself, concentrate on him and worship him. Let us forget about ourself, concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, let us forget about ourself. Concentrate on Christ and worship him. Oh, worship him Jesus Christ the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight and we greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and uh our um visible audience and those that are streaming in the service tonight. We just want to thank the Lord for another opportunity that we can come together and uh and just uh bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Tonight we will just uh approach the service in the way of uh the prayer meeting. Tonight we will take up some few prayer needs and then uh we will read a portion of the word and trust the Lord to be able to encourage our hearts in in such a time that we are in. But we thank the Lord for all his goodness and uh his love and his mercy and uh for everything that he's doing for us. Uh so uh let's just sing another chorus here before we go to the Lord in prayer. I'm just right now drawing near it. I'm down the Lord. I am dying. Lord, I have heard thy voice and it told the Lord to me. Lord, I long to rise in the H of and be close. So drawn to thee. Oh yes, drawing nearer, long draw near. Blessed Lord to the cross where thou hast died. Lord draw me in near. Blessed Lord to thy preious leading son. on St. Lord by the power of redeemer. Oh, let my soul come with first step as home and my will be lost in. Oh yes, draw me. of less and more to the cross where thou has done. Oh, drawing nearer year of blessed Lord to that preious living. Oh, the pure light of a saint go out that before that throne I stand. Lord as I needing prayer and wafing my God. Let me come you as a friend with friend. Oh yes, wrong mean wrong to thy cross where thie oh Lord draw me yet bless Oh to the preious living side. There are depths of God. &gt;&gt; I will never know till I cross this dark roy. Oh Lord, there are highs of joy and then I wait till I rest in peace with me. So draw me Lord. Draw me a blessed Lord to the cross where thou hast died. Oh Lord draw me. Blessed Lord to thy preious lady. Oh, let's sing our chorus one more time. Oh Jesus draw me on th to that cross where thou hast died. Oh ding. Bless the Lord to thy precious living. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord that just take some prayer needs tonight. And uh the end and his family had with us tonight was not feeling very well. And so we want to remember them in prayer and and sister now text also that she will not be with us tonight. I think she's uh uh stay settling down uh at her place and uh and also after the funeral of her brother yesterday and I think they have a bearing today. So I think there's a lot of uh family things they have to do. We will pray for brother Michael also that the Lord will will be able to touch him and u and just uh uh strengthen him, renew his health. And so we just want to thank the Lord for all of that tonight. I see a prayer request, prayers report from brother Elijah and uh I think uh he's traveling back on Friday back to his post of duty. So we want to just uh remember our brother in prayer that the Lord will be with him as he goes back uh to his uh uh workstation that the Lord will just watch over him, keep him and bring to pass all the desire of his heart and uh there are uh some special need I want for us to take tonight uh as we will go to the Lord in prayer. here. One of them is is this uh request. This is from brother Andrew Boscout. We have uh prayed uh of this need tonight. I mean we have prayed about uh his uh his grandson uh Javas and he wrote uh a text message and said my grandson Javvis is going through depression. The devil is uh bombarding his mind that he want to kill himself. something to do with uh with seeing someone killed himself years back. Requesting prayer for this young man. He just had a baby. Uh my great grandson hate to see him going through this. He mentioned his mom who he lost when uh he was uh 7 years old. Praise the Lord. So we want we want to just remember this young man tonight and I know that is uh very uh dear to brother brother u uh Ocal brother Andrew. So we just want to pray for him tonight. And uh another need I would want us to remember also um it might draw me is is drawing me close to speak on what I want to talk about tonight. And uh couple of years ago, we all uh will remember many of a few of us that was around and uh we trusted the Lord for sister um uh sister Kish uh on her uh transplant that she did and the Lord has been good to her keeping her. Um now we know there's there's a lot of changes in uh uh the health insurance thing and I think that is uh is uh uh uh affecting her getting the medication that she would need to continue to to remain healthy and that is not only way sister kish we know it's a nationwide thing so there are many many uh believers that are on uh uh serial health concern issues that are really needing God to move on the scene. And you know, as I was just thinking thinking about that, uh even uh my mother-in-law, Sister Liz, uh with all the changes now, uh uh different protocols they have to go through to reapply for insurance and all of that. So, we just want to bring that uh to the Lord tonight for many people that uh that really need God's intervention. Amen. Until they can get uh back on an adequate uh medical insurance that will be able to pay for their medication or get them through their treatment, they will need the Lord to be able to help them. Praise the Lord. So uh uh I talk about that a whole lot of that today. I had that on my heart and I was just praying. I was just thinking about many people you know people that uh uh have to go through cancer treatment and uh uh dialysis and and different things and and many of these people some of them are believers. So we just want to bring that need before the Lord and uh uh and with what uh uh also been happening around our city today with the loss of uh the life of a young woman, we want to remember that family also and just pray that the Lord will send comfort their way and uh and he would just keep every one of us safe in such uh such a troubling time that we are in. So, let's just bow our hearts. Let's take our hearts to the Lord in prayer tonight. And u let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, precious Lord, we just want to Father God, commit to you, Lord, these needs that we have brought to you, Father. Oh God, you are the great physician, Lord. Father God, Lord, we we just come in tonight, oh God, to to place, oh Father, our hearts uh before the altar tonight and ask, oh God, and say, "Precious Lord Jesus, oh Father God, we thank you, Lord. Thank you for giving us this opportunity that we can come together tonight, Lord Father, and just use this time, oh Father, to bring, oh God, Father, our needs to you. You are the one that is touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Oh God, you are the one, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father God, we lift our heads up onto the hills, Lord. Welcome our help, oh God. Father, our help cometh from the Lord that make the heaven and the earth, Lord. I pray tonight, oh God, I pray, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh precious Lord, that you God, Father God, Lord Jehovah, you would just, Lord, Father, make yourself known to your people, oh God, in such an hour that we are living in, oh fine, Lord, we thank you for your protection, oh God, we thank you for every provision you are making for us, so fine, Lord. Oh God, thank you for your blessings. So precious Lord. Oh father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, oh God. Oh father, we want to lift into your hands, oh God. Father, but there Lord, we pray that God, you will give him fully recovery in his body, Lord Jesus. Oh father God and his wife, sister Fatu also, Lord. Father God, that is recovering Lord from her knee surgery. Lord, we pray that God, you would bless them, oh Father, and and her desire, God, of returning back to work. We ask that Lord, oh God, you would just go before her, Father, oh God, Lord, and grant her your grace, Lord, precious Lord, prosper her ways in that aspect, oh Father, Almighty God, we pray tonight, thanking you, Father God, for sister Naomi, Lord, and the family, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we thank you, Father. Lord, oh God, father, for the wonderful home glory service, Lord, they have for her brother yesterday and I I believe today, Father God, the committee he remains to the earth. Oh, precious Lord. Father God, it's is it's very hard for us to get used to such a thing, Lord. But I pray that you send comfort and strength their way, Father. The entire family, God, we remember our brother Michael tonight, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh precious father that Lord God you will just bless him oh father in his help. Oh God, we pray father also for brother Paul your grace also Lord God will bless him oh father in his health we commit them oh Lord in your hands oh God the entire family as the grief oh God precious lord father we pray that you send strength oh father god send comfort oh precious lord send healing oh father god in the name of the lord Jesus Christ we thank you father tonight Oh God, precious Lord, we want to commit Elijah in your hands. Father, as he return back, oh God, to his service station, Lord, we pray, Father, Lord, that God, you bless the young men, oh Father God. Lord, oh Father, there are things that Lord God, he's trusting you for. There are things, oh, Father God, he's looking forward to, oh God, we pray that, Lord, Father God, you would just meet him at every point of his knees. Oh father Lord and all your children oh God father that is serving oh God in the service Lord Father we pray that you would bless them Lord Jesus Christ in the name of the Lord God almighty father we lift your name in the highest tonight oh God we say oh Lord no one of find God is like to you blessed be your holy name oh father in the name of Jesus Christ we will pray tonight oh father for brother Boscow grandson. Oh God, Javvis Lord. Oh father, you see it. Oh God, have that young man life. Oh God, father just Oh God, oh God, father, he's going in and out of depression. Lord, we know that Father God only you Lord can deliver his spirit. Oh God, Father, Lord, only you, oh God, can deliver his mind. the Lord. Oh father God, precious Lord, you have seen something concerning death. Lord, he's thinking about his mother that has passed away. Oh, Father God, sometime Lord, he's finding no reason to live. For God, we pray that Lord, you will send help. You will send hope his way, Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ tonight. Father, Lord, we lift you, oh God, in the highest. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you, precious Lord. Oh God, we give you the glory. We give you the praise. We give you the honor tonight, oh Father. Lord Jesus, what an awesome God you are, Father. What a wonderful Savior you are, oh God. Father, I thank you tonight, oh Lord. And I pray that God, you will just have your way, precious Lord. Oh father, we love you tonight and we glorify your holy name, oh God. Precious Lord, we want to pray, Father, Lord. Oh God for the millions of people Lord God that are affected Lord Jesus Christ oh God with the entire changes oh God in the health insurance things oh father and Lord many oh God father are your children Lord oh precious lord father god we just place it in your hands tonight oh father we remember lord the ones in our m sister kish lord father gas sister oh lord Jesus and precious lord Father, if there are any other ones, oh God, oh Father, Lord Jehovah God, that are being affected, Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord, we pray tonight that you, oh God, Father, Lord, you are the great physician, oh God, if there is ever a time where we need you, oh father, that is right now, oh Lord. Oh father God, you are the brazing serpent. Oh Lord, you are the bracing serpent, oh God. Father, you are the Lord that health us of all our diseases. Oh God, oh precious Lord, we thank you. Heavenly Father, we oh God, we give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor. Oh father God, we believe that God you can deliver your children. Oh Lord, they can experience healing in their body. Oh father God, where Lord, they will not have to depend on medication. Oh God, precious Lord, you can sustain their health. Oh father, oh eternal God, what father, Lord, Jehovah God, if the medication, oh God is going to help them, then you can make a way. Oh father, Lord, you can open doors. You can turn the light on. Oh God, many parents, oh Lord, find the right trouble. Oh God, Father, Lord, their hearts are heavy. Lord, when they look at Father God, their loved ones hurting, oh father, oh God, we bless your name tonight, oh Lord, we give you the praise. We give you the glory, Father. And Lord, we also God, lifting your hands, oh Father, the families that are mourning tonight, oh God, precious Lord, we say, oh father, what a time that we are living in, oh God, what a time, oh father, Lord, to stay right under the cross, oh God, what a time, oh father. Oh God, to seek your face, oh Lord Jesus Christ, to apply the talking, oh God. Father, we ask oh Lord that father you just send comfort. Oh God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we bless your name tonight. Oh God, we give you the praise. Oh God, we give you the glory. Oh father, Lord Jesus, oh eternal God of glory tonight, what an awesome God you are, Father, Lord, we remember God, Sister Be, precious Lord tonight. Oh father God, she also called in and sent a request. Oh father, we pray that your grace will be with her. Oh father, Lord, oh God Jehovah and your entire household. Almighty God Jesus Christ, we love you tonight. Oh father, every unspoken prayer request in the house, oh God, we want to commit it to you, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh eternal father, precious Lord, we pray. Move among us, oh God. Move among us, oh father. Lord, deal with our hearts, oh precious Lord, meet us at the very point of our needs, oh God. Oh eternal father, you are God. Oh Lord, you are rich in mercy. Oh father, oh God, father, we thank you tonight. Let your will be done. Oh father, every praise, every glory, every honor belongs to you, Father, tonight. Oh sweet Jesus we thank you Lord we just thank you father tonight oh God we come oh God father Lord expressing oh God father our love to you oh father we love you tonight sweet Jesus what an awesome God you are father what a mighty God you are blessed be your holy name oh Jesus oh precious Lord Father God yes Lord Jehovah God All our little ones Lord that are sick Lord God under the weather Lord God with this different strain of flu. Oh God, precious Lord, we just pray our old savior divinely you touch them Lord God heal their bodies oh father Lord oh God Jesus we pray oh Lord almighty God we just thank you tonight oh Lord that you are the God that health all our diseases oh father you are the God that health all our diseases oh Lord oh father we bless your name tonight oh God we worship you oh Father, we exalt you in the highest, oh God. Thank you, sweet Jesus. What a loving father you are. Oh, what a loving father you are, Jesus. We thank you, oh God. Blessed be your holy name, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name, oh father. Thank you for your Lord. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you oh God Lord for the angel of the covenant Lord Jesus that promise you us oh God father you will never leave us you will never forsake us Lord Jesus we thank you for the shout of the king that is in the camp Lord God we thank you father God that we have a praising serpent Lord oh God that we can look onto father for our healing oh God we we thank you Lord God that we have a smitting rock oh Father God, oh Lord, the rock that followed them, that rock was Christ, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord God, you said your angel will go before us, Lord Father. We thank you for the angel of the covenant, Lord God. We thank you for the vindicated prophet message, Lord, that is in our midst, oh God. Oh dear Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, Lord God, we know that Lord Father that five supernatural things that follow Israel, oh God is with us, oh God. Father, oh precious Lord, we just thank you Lord. Oh Father, we give you the glory. We give you the praise. We give you the honor, Lord. Father, what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father, Lord. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be your name, Father, tonight. We just thank you, precious Lord. We just thank you, precious Lord. You are worthy, Father. Thank you, sweet Jesus. with my haste lifted. Lord, am I mouth we pray? Oh, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Let's just lift our hands to the Lord now. Oh, with my hands lifted up. Thank you, Father. Tonight my mouth filled with praise. Hallelujah Jesus. With a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee. Oh Lord, I bless you Lord. I praise you Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Thank you, Father. Oh, and with a heart of thanksgiving. Yes, Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee. I will praise you Lord. I thank you Lord. Oh Jesus. I will bless thee oh Lord. and wait for heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. there's a family um that uh having some domestic need and uh they reach out to us and ask that we pray for them. So we want to bring a unspoken prayer request for them tonight and uh that Lord will just uh intervene in their in their situation uh got themselves to the place Lord where they really need God to intervene and help them. So, I just want to take up a special unspoken request for them tonight and uh they uh they out of state. They just uh call for our help. So, we want to pray that the Lord will will just uh be with them and uh we trust in the Lord to be able to get there and see how we can be able to help them. But you think about it, how many homes that are affected this way. We just want to pray and ask that the Lord will just be able to uh help the different families that are going through things like this and uh the Lord will also lay his hands upon the children and and the Lord will help the sister, the Lord will help the brother and the God will just be merciful and he will just help his people. The devil is coming in many different ways to be able to rob us of our our joy. But we want to hold to the name of the Lord because uh the name of the Lord is a mighty tower that the righteous run into and they are saved. While we take up this knee tonight, I would also want us to just once again just express just express our gratitude and uh that the Lord will for all his goodness and and uh his grace of u uh all his blessings that he's pouring upon our life. the way he's helping us in in in every area of our life. We want to continue to express our gratitude to him and thank him for uh just his love and mercy. Remembering our little assembly that the Lord will just meet us at every point of our needs and uh he will uh be with uh all our brothers and sisters, the different families. the Lord will help our young people and uh he will just uh bless us in a special way. Let's let's just express our gratitude to the Lord as we remember this family and many other families that we need God in in a special way to intervene in their lives in their home in the needs in their home. And some are praying for their children. some uh uh I pray for their spouses that the Lord will be able to help them and uh some some just really need the Lord. Let's just pray together in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, Lord Jesus, we just want to lift this family in your hands. Oh God, precious Lord, Father God, and just start to bring an unspoken prayer request for them, oh Father, Lord. Oh God, you know them by name in nature and you know what the situation is, oh God. Father. So Lord, we pray tonight, oh God, that you would, oh father God, you would just you would just raise up a standard. Lord, you said when the enemy come in as a flaw, the spirit of the Lord will raise up a standard. So God, we are asking that you go before us, Lord. Father, go before us and just grant us your favor, oh God. Oh father, if there is one thing that we want to do, Lord, we want to Oh God, Father, reconcile men to the cross, we want to reconcile men to the foot of the cross. to God. Oh precious Lord, because that's what happened on that day at Calvary. Father, Lord God, all the sin question was answered, Father. Lord God, every question, Lord, Father, that the devil, Lord God, had placed on the minds of men, oh God, and abused to affect our lives, oh God, was answered that day at Calvary, oh Father, Lord God. So we pray tonight for every hurting home. We pray tonight for every hurting family, oh God. Whether the enemy is hurting them, oh God, by an illness, Lord, oh father God, or maybe the loss of a loved one, oh precious father God, or the need, oh father, of a child, precious Lord, oh God, in whichever way your people are hurting, we pray tonight, oh God, that you would just be merciful in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, tonight, oh God. Oh eternified Lord the enemy Lord father guide Lord as a roaring lion oh God father Lord Jesus Christ hearing Lord people to God father in their home in their faith oh God precious Lord father some in their finances oh God oh eternal Lord Jesus precious Lord you are our hope oh God yet the enemy trying to make your people hopeless when oh God you are our hopeful father Lord our hope is in the Lord you are the oh God father Lord Jesus Lord our everlasting rock of God so we thank you oh father once again Lord God for this uh h little assembly precious Lord where we can come together Father Lord God and oh God just unite our faith and just call upon your name oh God thank you for every time you meet us here. Oh God, thank you for every time, oh God, you come and bless us in your presence. Oh father, Lord Jesus, oh we just appreciate you, oh God, father. Oh Lord, we just ask, oh Lord God, that you would just help us. Bless all our brothers, Lord. Bless all our sisters, oh father God, bless the little ones, oh Lord. Father, our young people, to God, Father, Lord, we ask that you get a hold of their hearts, oh God. Give them an experience, oh father. Something, oh God, that will draw them closer to you. Something, oh father, Lord, that will turn the light on in their hearts, oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, we love you tonight, oh God, we glorify you, oh what an awesome God you are in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we just love you. We just love you and we appreciate you, oh father. Blessed be your holy name. Yes. Oh God, Father, Lord. Yes, oh Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord. Yes, oh Father God. My rapture soaking in holy sea of caly. Oh mercy there and grace was free. I don't there was more to plan to make. Oh dear. My burden so found me I mercy. Mercy there. Oh yes. Mercy there was great and grace was free of there multiplied to me my burden so found I cast Thank you Jesus. Thank you heavenly father. Thank you precious Lord. Almighty God, we just want to appreciate you tonight, Father, that we can come, Lord God, and just uh put our hearts before you tonight, Father. Lord, oh God, I know, precious Lord, after the busy day, the enemy has a way, Lord, of scattering our thoughts around, Lord God. But Father, Lord God, we we try to lift our voice up to you tonight. We try Lord calling upon the name of the Lord for the name of the Lord is a mighty tower that the righteous run into and our safe oh God we just thank you father Lord. Oh God and we pray tonight that Lord God you just take every every little fire we have brought together tonight. Every prayer oh God Lord every mention of your name oh Lord every cry that came from my heart. Oh God father every request that was placed before you tonight. Oh God, Father, Lord, I pray, oh God, a precious Lord Jesus, you would take it, Father God, Lord, oh God, send your angel, Lord, Father God, to minister on our behalf, oh Father, Lord God, Lord, these needs are real needs, oh God, they are real people, Lord, Father, that needs real help, oh God. And Lord, Father, you are the only one, Lord. If we knew someone that was better, Lord God, we would have gone there, Lord. If we know the name that is better to call, Father, we will call upon that name, Lord. But Father God, there is no other name, Lord, giving a moment whereby we can be saved, oh God. There is no other name, Lord Jesus, by which we can bring our request to you, Father, tonight. There is no other name, Lord, we can cry upon, Lord, but the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, that's the reason why, oh God, we are placing these things in your hands, oh Father. Yes. A young man, oh God, Father, Lord, that is so troubled, oh God, Father, in and out of depression, Lord, wanting to take his life, oh God, heavenly father, how many young people are in that condition, Lord God, how many young people, Lord, are nursing that Father, how many young people, Lord God, Father, are secretly giving themselves over to substance, Lord. Oh, Father God, Lord, precious Lord, just they just want to call it quit. Lord Father the enemy Lord God is making them to feel a failure Lord making them to fear oh God Father that their life oh God Lord is useless Lord but I pray oh God father do something Lord Jesus oh God in a way that God you can speak to their conscience in a way that you can speak to their heart God father do something special Lord God and let hope revive in them oh God may they be able to see light to God at the end of the tunnel Lord Father and run onto that light, oh God, because you are the light almighty God. We pray tonight, Lord Jesus. How many homes, oh God, really need you tonight, oh father, how many families, Lord God, I just caught, Lord, Father, right in the ticket, Lord. Oh God, Father, they are in a viol of decision. Lord, I pray, oh God, just be merciful tonight, oh Father. Lord God, as we remember that family, Lord God, until we can be able to get to them, please Lord, I pray that Father, you would just help their situation, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ tonight. Oh God, I pray for the children. I pray, oh Father God, for our sister, Lord. Oh God, pray for our brother, Lord. Father, please help them, Lord. We love you tonight, oh father. We glorify your holy name, oh Jesus. Oh heavenly father, we thank you Lord. Yes Lord. Yes. Oh Jesus. Yes. Oh father. Yes Lord God. We thank you Lord. We just appreciate you father. Yes. Oh sweet Jesus. We lift your name up in the highest Lord. Here my go to My God to thee near to me. Father, we just want to place the rest of this time in your hands. Lord, we know this is a Wednesday evening. Oh, Father God, oh Lord, to keep your people no longer, Father God, in the time, oh Lord Jesus, that is allotted to us tonight. We just ask your special blessing now, Father, on the rest of the service. To you, Father, be the praise. To you be the glory and honor, Father. We love you, Jesus. We thank you, Father God. Thank you Lord G for just uh pouring your presence down in our midst. Oh God, Father, thank you for captivating our hearts. Lord Jesus, thank you for drawing us closer to you, Father God. Oh, we love you tonight. We appreciate you, Father. Every unspoken need, oh God, that's in the house tonight, I pray that God, you will witness to the hearts of your children that Lord, you have heard our prayer, oh God. Father, Lord Jesus, you have sent your angel to perform those things that we have asked of you tonight. We love you, Father. In your wonderful name, we commit all of these needs to you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand on our feet. The Lord bless you tonight. And uh I'm a pagan and I'm a stranger. Let's sing that song. When the saints go marshing in, Lord, I pray to be in another. Amen. And a stranger. Oh, I'm wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to the city. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go my shing. Oh, when the saints go my shing. Lord, I want to be in the number. Oh yes. Oh, when the saint Oh my sh When the saint Oh my Oh, when the s Oh my sh Oh, this I know I will be in the number. Oh yes. When the sins go back changing, let's take the next verse now. Oh, I know I will see my savior. Oh, if my life is free of sin, heaven will be for me. Oh, when the s Oh my sh Oh, when the s Oh my sh Yeah. When the s go my Oh, I know. I will be the number. Oh yeah. When the sea goes, let's sing it with all the music now. Oh, when the sea go my sh Oh, when the saint go my sh. Oh yeah. I know I will be in that number. Oh yeah. When the saint go. Oh, it sounds beautiful. One more time. Oh yes. When the saint go my sh Oh yeah. When the saint go my sh. Oh this I know I'll be in the number. Oh, when the saints go by, let's sing the last verse now. We gather around the throne and I get I'll be shouting glory glory. Oh, when the sing Oh, thank you, Lord. Yes. When the saint Oh my Oh, when the s I know I will be in that long. Oh yeah. When the saint Oh my. One more time there. Oh, thank you Lord. When the Oh my sh When the saint goes, but I know I will be in that number. And when the saints go my hallelujah praise the Lord. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Praise the Lord. You are never wrong when you're clapping for the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So we thank the Lord tonight. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's take our Bibles. Psalm chapter 103 just a little exitation tonight and uh I was studing on to continue on my subject I was speaking on Sunday aspiring partners and uh and it started getting interesting. Amen. But uh just uh uh today like I said, I was just thinking about uh uh the whole uh uh health insurance thing that is that is uh you know u creating problems. You hear bunch of prayer requests coming through from different saints and all praying that God will that God will help them. And I believe that uh that I mean when when we have crisis like this, that's when as believers, we have to start looking for the supernatural. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because it's uh it's it's the Lord that health our diseases. Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh uh medication will sustain us and all of that. We we will not trash it down because it's been a blessing. Brother Brandon says medical science has been a blessing. But when things are just at a place where I mean uh we have done all that we know how to do then let's look to the Lord. Amen. And and start to see the hand of God moving. So I just want to speak in that direction tonight a little bit just to be able to encourage you. We read Psalm chapter 103. I'll read verse one. You read verse two like we normally do. Let's just do that for meditation tonight. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. &gt;&gt; Who h who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who health all thy diseases. from destruction. Who granteth thee with loving kindness and t of mercy, who satisfy thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle. &gt;&gt; He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel. The Lord is merciful and gracious. &gt;&gt; He will not always try, neither will he keep his anger forever. &gt;&gt; For as the heaven is is high above the earth, so great is his mercy towards them that fear him. Like as a father pity of his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear him. &gt;&gt; As for men, his days are as grass, as a flower in the field, so he he flourisheth. But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him and his righteousness on unto children's children. The Lord has prepared his throne in heaven, and his kingdom ruleth over all. Bless ye the Lord, all ye his host, ye ministers of his that do his pleasure. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord, all his works in all places of his dominion. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you tonight. You may have a seat. So that's what we want to do tonight. We just want to bless the Lord and uh we just want to bless the Lord tonight and and forgetting that all his benefits. Amen. The Lord has been good to us and uh uh he has been he has been very very for many years many years I've I've taught on on a verse in this it caught my mind many years back verse seven he make known his ways unto Moses his acts unto the children of Israel that's what I want us to look into a little bit and and mainly the reason why I want us to look into this is All because I want us to look at it around healing. I want us to look at it around healing because there is a very very big uh uh misunderstanding and it has been there for a very long time. It has been there for a very very long time. And uh uh and that's what I want to look at. I want for us to look at tonight. David said, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Who forgaveth all thine iniquities, who healeth all thy diseases," Brother Brandham says if we will notice and and he just only appointing us for us to pay attention. But if you look right there in the scripture, you will see that the Bible say he forgaveth all thine iniquities and he health all thy diseases. So it's an all. Amen. &gt;&gt; So there is not a disease that God cannot heal. Amen. &gt;&gt; There is not an iniquity that he cannot forgive. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm glad that uh uh that he forgave uh uh our iniquities. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh uh I heard a saying about waiver force. Uh some of us that would know waiver force. Uh he said one time I'm glad that God uh he said I'm glad that God choose me before the foundation of the world because if he have seen me now he would have changed his mind. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So he he choose me and and he loved me and redeem me even before I got here. Praise the Lord. before all all our foolishness. The Lord we know that he never changed his mind uh uh concerning his word and concerning his people and uh but uh uh so we just we just want to look at some few things tonight. So the Bible says uh he forgiveth all our iniquities oh health all thy diseases. Now, if you look at this, I I I believe honor inspiration uh uh David is is uh is is prophesying and he's saying something to us for us to be able to pay attention because uh most of the time sicknesses we know that uh uh uh is related to sin. Amen. Sin was the doorway that brought sicknesses. So many times when people uh uh are dealing with some illness or so uh it's it's so easy for us to start looking in our lives and and start asking what wrong have we done. If you remember there those people came to Jesus and said what what sin has this man committed. He say his sin or his parents sin or grandparents sin or great-grandparent sin. Jesus said none of that. None of the above. Amen. He said none of the above. Uh the only reason is for God to glorify himself. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that's what I want us to look at tonight. uh I really thought that uh I will I will I will be able to bring this to you and have enough time because when uh I spoke on the message uh the son of righteousness that rises with healing in his wings and uh uh I know sometimes you know we we preach things and uh and sometimes uh you don't react You don't get it right there. You know, it takes a while. We have to go around again and change the subject. But just like we spoke about the four anointings, the lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. What I'm I'm really trying to bring to you for us to be able to understand is that brother Brandham taught us that that is the anointing that guard God's people through all through all the ages. So it is the anointing that is guiding the people of God in general and also individually we we have those anointing. Praise the Lord. Amen. So when I say we have those anointing, what I'm trying to say is that if they are around us, they affect us from time to time. When the lion's anointing affect us, erases our faith. It makes us bored. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And then sometimes we come under the ox anointing. We go through trials. We get sick and uh uh you know we go through different things. It can be financial whatever it is and then then and then sometimes we get under the man's anointing. God will give us wisdom. He will give us understanding. We will understand why certain things happening to us and we get under the ego's anointing is divine healing. It just happen like that. You know God provide your needs. You can testify about it. is something that God will do that you cannot really associate your effort to. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we go through those cycles. We we we go through those experiences in our lives. We go through those experiences in our lives. And uh uh uh by not understanding what God is doing in our life has made many people all through the ages that whenever they are not on the mountain top they always think that they have been forsaken by God because we always we we we lack I've said to you before, there is one thing that we must know about time. Time is not constant. As long as we stay in time in this time element, we will always have changes. Now we're dealing with winter. Couple of months from now, the spring will come, the grasses will be up again, and then summer and so we will always have changes. And that is the same thing with our life. He's the God of the winter. He's the God of the spring. He's the God of summer and uh and of the fall. And that is the same way in the life of the believer. Are we together? &gt;&gt; But you see, in all ages, the people of God, the people of God have really never understood how God been dealing with him. That is one of the biggest problem we have &gt;&gt; is not understanding how God is dealing with us. What is he doing in our life? Sometimes we don't understand it immediately. But we need to come to that place where we know that God is in control. Whatever that is happening in my life, around my life this time, I might not understand it. But one thing for certain, I know that it is not the devil that is driving this car of mine. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's not the devil. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I have had an accident and and you know uh uh uh uh uh you know, a wreck my vehicle, you know, my house almost burned the other time and and uh you know, the my my mother-in-law uh uh fell sick. It's it's almost getting to a year now. been praying in order for for one thing that is setting in my heart. I know that it is not the devil that is driving my vehicle. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's not the one running my home. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He's neither the one running my life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because the thing the thing that is show there is that whenever I I put my heart before the Lord, I I don't feel any condemnation. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And and and that is what has happened all through the ages. The people of God have only that's why Job said to his wife, I mean, should we only praise God for good things? Is is he only God when things are well with us? Is he still not God that heal the sick? He still not God that can provide for us. How will he provide if there is not a need that has come in our lives? Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So all through the ages, God's people, you know, like like David said in the psalm also, God has been misunderstood. And we have misunderstood God. We have misunderstood the message that God has sent us. We have misunderstood the prophet because for many they they take this message to be like a society. We must all dress in a uniform like our brother. Yeah. We know we must look the same, cut our hair the same, march the same. That's what they take the message of the hour to be. No, that's not what it is. Are we together? So, so just for the few minutes that is before me tonight, I'm watching the timing and try to make sure that I get you out by 9:00 tonight so you can be able to go home. Thank the Lord for giving us just a little time of prayer meeting tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, uh um I want us to look at this. Like I said, I I've thought over this. I mean, just from a young believer when I started reading my Bible and uh and uh and and and a young preacher, I've taught over this, how he make known his ways unto Moses, he was the prophet, and his acts unto the children of Israel. And I think that is the same thing that has happened in in every generation. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; We We see his acts. The supernatural are the acts of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. When God provide is an act. He's a provider. But his ways, his ways, his thoughts and his purpose are hidden in his ways. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. His secret are all hidden in his ways. His arts are visible. Just like uh uh Paul will say in Romans chapter one, the the the things that God has created has already made God known. The visible things, the sun, the moon, and the star, all of those things are his eyes. They they are the the the evidence of his work of creation. His acts are made known. And and the thing one of the thing that is that is that that that that really caught my mind on this thing recently, it is how many many many around uh uh uh uh the message of the hour uh you know uh we trying to kind of a major on the first and second pool of brother Brandon. It's almost looks like every service have to be a healing service. Every time an evangelist comes around, we must we must we must uh create a prayer line, you know, uh and and again what is happening is that the people constantly come in a prayer line, they come for the same request, they come for the same request. Brother Brandham says that thing destroy faith. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; When John Ryan came in the prayer line and brother Brandham says, "You believe me to be a prophet?" He says, "Yes." He says, "Go. Your h the Lord has healed you." The next day he comes back in the prayer line. He says, uh, uh, Brother Brandon says, "I thought you said you believed me." He said, "But you said, uh, the Lord has healed me. My eyes didn't open." The thing that was good for John Ryan is that on this sermon, Brother Brandon was able to grab that John Ryan was a Catholic. And he says, "Catholic, they like confession." So I told him just go be confessing. Praise the Lord. But he says whenever the people goes pray for and they come back in the prayer line again it means that they really did not have faith. He said because even if we have faith we will not even need to come in the prayer line. Amen. &gt;&gt; We will believe God for our healing right in our seat. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We will not need a man to lay his hands on us because we know that it is not the man hand that is healing. It is it is it is God that is healing us. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's the Lord that health us. &gt;&gt; Now I'm not I'm not uh ruling our prayer line. I'm not ruling out uh uh uh uh but if if you have watched me over the years, I'm not driven that way. I'm not driven. And and the reason why is that uh uh I my I always pray that God will help me to be able to have the people have confidence in the word. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because I know that if if YOUR FAITH CAN RISE TO THE place and believe that God can be able to do it, he can do it to you right in your seat. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh so that's that's where I want to go to tonight a little bit. Uh uh uh he make known his ways unto Moses. You remember he took Moses up on the mountain and gave Moses a vision for Moses to be able to build a tabernacle just like how it was how the faction looks in heaven. He gave Moses a vision for Moses to be able to give us the record of what took place in uh in in in in the Garden of Eden. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. All of those things Moses give it to us uh because God show him those things. And also in the midst of that, God revealed his ways onto Moses. But the people were seeing his acts. Amen. They saw how the water of Mara became sweet. They saw how mana fell from heaven. They saw the uh uh uh the light that was shining in Gushim while darkness was over in Egypt. They saw the acts of God. But the ways of God, the thoughts behind those acts is revealed to a prophet. &gt;&gt; Right. Amen. The purpose behind the acts of God is revealed to a prophet. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And that's the reason why, you know, in every age, God will bring a man on the scene. He will use a man h just like he used the messenger throughout the ages. and and and the way that God will give them their ministry and the things that God will do in their life, there will be a h a a revelation of God's purpose. The people will see a healing ministry. The people will see the manifestation of the gifts of the spirit. But many of them will not understand the why. why God made this and why he never did this. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Brandon will says, "I was I was just looking looking for that quote uh uh just before the service tonight, but I can find it and give it to you." He was says that it was not every everybody that came through the prayer line that got healed. It was not everybody. Brother Brandham said on tape, he says people will come through the prayer line and and he will know that this person that don't have faith. He will know that this person is not healed. He will says God bless you. He says I never pronounce healing on anybody until I know they will be healed. &gt;&gt; He says I would just tell them God bless you. go in the name of the Lord Jesus. God bless you because he says some of those people are going to die of their illness. But you see what the church is doing today. I mean in some way we are caught up in all these kind of carastic thing that is happening. We want to make sure that uh h I mean if if there is a sickness we're going to pray it and pray it and and and ask God to heal. I I believe that I believe that God can heal. But I also believe that God is not waiting for us to pray until we break this thing before he heal. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God heal by his will. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He heal based on his purpose. Are we are we together? &gt;&gt; I mean are you are you understanding my thoughts? And it's not only healing is is uh is is is different things different provisions and even deliverance and and and and you know and things uh that we are trusting the Lord for. We must be able to understand that God has a purpose and the purpose of God can never be defeated. Praise the Lord. For many of us and and and humans because uh we are so tied to these five senses until we see an act of God. Our faith is still limited. We believe in God but we still limit him. Until we can see a visible act. But we have to realize that faith is a substance of things hoped for. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Our your faith sees it before it become visible. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Are you are you are you are you grabbing my thoughts &gt;&gt; tonight? So I I would just share a few things with you. Like I said, I will try to leave you uh and and let you go tonight and and maybe another time we'll pick up from there. But uh I just I just thought on there that I will be able to share that with you. You see what brother Brandon will says here in a message looking to the unseen. He was says he says now we are thinking of a day that has gone where God moved in a manner to reveal himself to men to make his ways known unto men through his servants. the prophet, &gt;&gt; he make his ways known unto men, his ways known, why he would do certain thing and why he would not do certain thing. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's the reason why brother Brand will say that uh you know if I go and pray for 10,000 people and they all I will still be praying because he's not the healer. He's taking God at his word. You are the Lord that health all our diseases. But if I place this need before the Lord and and the Lord does not heal it, I'm not going. remember the uh uh in a message warning and judgment a young girl that backslided and then after she came back to the Lord and she got sick and brother Brandon prayed and then after she died brother Brandham went to God and God said shut your mouth he says a cloud just came down as if God says shut up who are you for you to ask me question do you remember a couple of months ago she was backslided I couldn't call her home &gt;&gt; because she was not night. &gt;&gt; So that here is God now revealing his ways to a prophet. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To us, we see the acts of God. We we want to see manifestation. Oh, we want to see the move of God. Oh, that let the h let the missing link be replaced. And and then we must get bunch OF CRUTCHES AND KNOW THAT GOD IS A HEALER. &gt;&gt; God don't heal you one more time. He still rem a healer, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's not me having an illness and I'm praying to God and and and and and I die with that illness means that God do not heal. God still heals. Amen. &gt;&gt; If I have an illness in my body and I'm crying to God and God is not healing ME, GOD IS HEALING SOMEBODY ELSE. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. How can you think about that in uh in in in Texas when brother Brandham lie down in that hospital there the uh after the accident his presence and praying for the people they are getting healed when in his body he having a broken leg and he would die from the accident how do you understand that how do you explain it these are all of the things that uh uh uh the human mind don't understand It's it's so easy for us to condemn a person. It's so easy to think that oh this person is fake because if he was a real servant of God, he wouldn't have died from that. We don't understand his ways. His ways are passed founding out. &gt;&gt; We limit God to his acts. when it's happening when he's doing things for us then God is real and if we are praying and he's not doing the thing there's a lot of question in our mind it is all because all of those things are happening right in our five senses &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; BUT WHEN THE REALITY OF GOD DROP DOWN IN your soul &gt;&gt; praise the Lord &gt;&gt; amen &gt;&gt; you you will say just like Job though he's slaying yet I will trust him &gt;&gt; because I I don't know what he's doing but I know he's in control. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I don't know what he's doing but I know he is in control &gt;&gt; and I'm going to trust him. &gt;&gt; My mind is NOT PROCESSING. MY BODY IS failing but my soul trust God. I know that God is real. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Glory. Thank you Lord. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, Brother Brandon says, you know, uh uh uh uh we're thinking on this in days gone by where God moves in a manner and he reveal himself to men to make his ways known unto men through his servants, the prophets. Praise the Lord. Let's look let's look at Psalm 81. Let's look at Psalm 81. Brother one, you got to keep your promise tonight. Praise the Lord. It always like that when the time is just about to finish that's when I start preaching do a lot of talking and and Psalm 81. Let's let's just look at that very quickly and uh I will I I will keep your faith suspended tonight. You can go and chew on those things and pray about it. Let's read from verse 10 quickly. I am the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt. Open thy mouth wide, and I will fill it, but my people will not yaken unto my voice. And Israel will none of me. Open your mouth and I will feel it. But if we don't see it, then we not open our mouth. We got to see it. We got to see what getting in our mouth before we open it. You know, that's that's how our our five senses work. Verse 12. So I gave them up unto their own hearts. They are lost and they walk in their own counsel because they were not yaken to the voice of God. If there is anything that we must believe is God's word. &gt;&gt; We must believe it over our feelings. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; We must believe it over our thoughts and imagination. We must believe God's word because heaven and earth will pass away. This body and all of his senses will pass away. But the word of God will never pass away &gt;&gt; because they will not heaken unto my voice. I gave them over to their own counsel, their own lust. All that my people have hecken unto me and Israel has walked in my ways. all that my people have heakened unto me and they will have walked in my ways. How will they walk in God's way? God's way was not made manifest to them. God's way was made known to the prophet. So, they should have listened to that man. They should have listened to to Moses. But they saw him like a natural man. They knew his mistakes. They know all of his failures. But that's that that that's the way God is. You think that God don't see men in their failure before he choose them. Praise the Lord. And yet he will come right through the weakness of those men and he will use them for his purpose just like he will do to you and myself. Let's take another one. Psalm 95. Psalm 95. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I mean, all of these things have make us to just reduce God to our feelings. You know, you wake up in the morning, you don't feel well, and then it just it just, oh, God, where are you? Why am I feeling like this? And that's the reason why I'm I'm I'm I'm still I'm still I'm still trusting the Lord to be able to bring to talk more on Hebrew chapter 4:12, how the word of God shepherd in the two world, how he deals with the different parts, our spirit, our soul, and our body. The word of God is more interested in your soul. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; When David prayed, he said, "Restore my soul. It's the soul that have fallen. The body is is a failure. It will rem a failure." You have to understand what God is doing in in your life. What is he doing? What is his purpose? Are we together? Psalm 95. Let's let's look here quickly. See see what uh uh uh David was says. Yeah. Um Psalm 95. Let's read from verse 6. Oh, come let us worship and bow down. Let us kneel before the Lord our maker. For he is our God and we are his people. and we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hands today. If ye will hear his voice, harden not your heart as in the provocation and and as as in in the day of temptation in the wilderness when our fathers tempted me. God is saying they tempted me, they proved me and they saw my works and saw my works. 40 years long was I grieve with this generation &gt;&gt; and said it is the people that do earth in their heart and they have not known my ways I'm trying to show my ways to them 40 years now let's let's let's count our age what what what's your age tonight maybe don't don't take from the day you were born account. Let's let's let's think about h since we got saved all of this time that the Lord has been walking with us, we realize that we're just like those people in the wilderness because it's only when things are are happening then we rejoice in the victory. When things are happening then it looks like we lost. We are asking where is God? when he promised us that he would not leave us and he would not forsake us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. 40 years long. Today if you hear my voice, harden not your heart. harden your heart. In Deuteronomy chapter 5, I read that to you some time ago. Oh, if my people will have such a heart. If my people would have such a heart. If we would have a heart to say yes Lord. If we would have a heart to say be it unto me according to your word. If we have a heart to say, Lord, your word is truth against my best judgment. Let every man be a lie and your word remain true. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, tying it to healing, let me read this and then we pray. for him will I accept. Now here when our heavenly father yeah at the platform will do something in the audience and he will confirm or make known his ways or heal somebody or something and then you see that that's the truth and year people come and everything. Now see brother Brandham is is tying these things together. God will make known his ways. Sometime he make known his ways by the discernment by telling the people uh uh uh what is happening to you in their life and how did it come about and when did IT BEGIN. WITH ALL of that discernment, this man is telling somebody something that happened to them when they are small. Yet if the prophet don't says you are healed, people still don't believe it. Even when he says you are healed, you go away. There are still people that are in the congregation that has that is still resenting him. They want to see a physical act. They want to see a person that is lying on on a stretcher jumping up out of the bed. And even with all of that, we still have to come back to the service the next time again to to to see another miracle. All of those things is just show where how the heart of man is far away from God. Praise the Lord. I mean with some of the things that the Lord has done in our individual life, we must be at a place of where we will never have a question to ask him why to know that it is the grace of God that has brought us this far. But you see the children of Israel only known God by his eyes. And that's what this generation is. That's what this religious people are. And that's the reason why when I see uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Jesus said the signs will follow them that believe. But when I see people trying to promote signs and wonders, trying to look for some personal vindication that God has given me a healing ministry, the word heals. The Bible say while Jesus taught the word, the people were healed. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I don't have to come and pray for sick for you to believe that I'm a servant of God. If if you don't believe it, if you I mean you're not convinced that God is uh you know uh uh uh uh uh ministering through my humble ministry, I mean then that's up to you. I don't I don't I'm not bashing at people. They are brothers that that God has blessed in those different area. I'm not bashing at them. But what I'm trying to tell you is that we cannot major on it. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Divine healing is the manner. &gt;&gt; We cannot major on the manner. The thing that any father will want from a child is for that child to be able to understand his ways. That when a father says, "Uh, I'll get it for you. I don't have to ask him when he don't have to come home and I run to him, daddy, did you got it for me?" I have to believe when he say he will get it for me, he will get it for me. And I think that God want us for us to know him because God is known by his characteristics. &gt;&gt; He want us to know him that he's the God that is faithful to his word. Praise the Lord. And if we know God by his ways, we will know that he was the one that raised up a brazing serpent in the wilderness. He was the one that raised up a brazing serpent and told the people to look to the brazing serpent. Amen. And they would be healed of their diseases. And we know God by his ways. I mean uh with everything that is happening around the country and and health insurance we will not we will not get trouble. I mean it will be time where we will want to call Jesus on the scene &gt;&gt; and say Lord you are my healer. you are my deliverer because God saw things right from time before they even happened. I just pray that God can be able to just raise people faith where they will really believe in God. Praise the Lord. that he's the one that healed our diseases. And he said, "Oh, he forgaveth all of our iniquity. He healed all of our diseases." And the psalmist says, "Do not forget his benefits." These are the things that he have done for you. Now it's left with you to believe it or live under the privilege because that's that's what the age is. We're always looking for God in his eyes but his ways has been made known to us. A prophet has brought us a message. He said the bride know the man of Christ and she know what to do with it. knowing that God have a purpose. Why he allow things to happen. Why he allow us to forsake. Why he allow us to go through one thing, one thing or the other. Praise the Lord. I mean uh just this couple of time traveling I really had a good trip and really had a good meeting. Well, when I got back, my whole body was almost like tearing apart and uh and you know, but I just knew that, well, I'm going to be fine. Yeah. Knew that. Well, I kind of overused myself. I just I don't have to make everything the devil. I mean, we sing the devil name so much until he think he's winning the battle. &gt;&gt; Sometime just know him as if he's not even there. &gt;&gt; That's right. Let's bow our house together tonight. I want God's way to be my way as I travel here below. Let's B has him pray. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, just trying to bring up a little exitation Lord just to remind the saints tonight, Lord God. Father, Lord God, you you reveal your way, your purpose, your thoughts, Lord, through your servants, the prophets. We see all of these men in the scripture, Isaiah, Jeremiah, and all of these men. of God. Father, they brought they brought uh uh uh your divine purpose to the people. I think about Malachi that come and and he's trying to help the people to see your your your your election to see your love that is expressed to them by election. And the people are asking him how how can you say that God love us? see what we are doing. We just came from out of Babylon. Sometimes it's hard for us to understand your ways, Lord. But Father, we want to thank you. We want to thank you for your word that is being revealed. We want to thank you for that open book, Lord. We can look in there. We can look at types and shadows that are in your word and and and understand your will, Lord, and understand your thoughts, oh God, and understand your purpose, Father. We can apply it to our life, oh God. Father, it give us comfort that we can trust you just like men of old trust in you. I want God's way to be my way as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, as he leads me, there's enough. Oh, I want God's way to be my way every day. Yes, I want God's way to be my way as I join the air below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be ste when he leads me is enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Let's just pray together now. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you tonight. Oh God, Father, Lord, you make known your ways unto Moses and your eyes, Lord, to the children of Israel. David cry, I bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and everything that is within me. Oh God, we can do the same tonight, Lord God. We can we can thank you, Father. Lord God, we can really bless your name tonight. Everything Lord, my heart, my mind, even the cells that is in my body, my strength, everything that is within me, I want to bless your holy name. I want to thank you, Lord God. I want to thank you, Father, that I'm not only looking at your acts. I'm not only looking at what you are doing now. But I'm captivated by your purpose. I'm captured, Lord, by your great mind. You I'm captured by your internal thoughts. So Father, you that know God, the end from the beginning, Lord. Father, I'm captured by the things that Lord God you will reveal. I'm not only carried carried about by by the by the acts of God, Father, the acts of providing for my needs, the acts of healing my body, God, but Lord, I'm captured by your ways that I see in your word, oh God, that is the thing, oh Father God, Lord, that captivates me, Father, when I read your word, I see your internal thoughts. I know your thoughts concerning me, Father. And now the thoughts of evil. Even when it looks like evil are happening. Even when it looks like Jesus. Oh father, we thank you tonight. We thank you oh God. We can say like David, you make known your ways to your prophet. Lord, we have seen your hearts in many ways. We see the healings. We see how God father the things you have done in our lives. But the thing Lord that rejoice our heart is your ways. The things that rejoice our heart. Oh God. Oh we bless your name tonight. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways I cannot see. He will make a way for me. He He is my God. holding me closely to his side with love and strength. For each new day, he will make a way. He will make a way. Yes, God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways I cannot see. He making the way for me. Oh, he will be my God. Hold me closely to the side with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. He will make the way. Father, we thank you tonight. We thank you, precious Lord. Help us to rest in them, Lord. Help us to rest in it. Oh, Father God, that you have make known your ways, oh God. Father, they are lying in the depths, Lord God. Your prophet said is going to give us rapturing faith. Oh God, when we capture your thoughts concerning our lives, it will give us rapturing faith. When we capture your purpose, Lord Father, when we capture Lord Jesus, oh God, Father, Lord, your intention, it will give us rapturing faith. Thank you Lord tonight. Bless us, oh God, Father, as we travel home, be with your children until we meet here Sunday morning. Just keep each and every one of us on your protective wings. In Jesus name we pray tonight. Amen. Yes, God. Oh, God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way. Oh yeah. He will be my God. closely to his son with love and strength. For each new day, he will make a way. He will make a Oh yes, our God will make a way. Where there seems to be no way, he works in ways we cannot see. He has made a way for you. He is your God. Holding closely to his side with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. He will make Let's just sing that one more time. Oh, God. &gt;&gt; I cannot see. He make a wind for me. He will be my God. Holding me closely to his side to the wind of and strength. Let's stand to our feet tonight. Blessing. God has made a way. When there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He has made a way for me. He is my God. holding me closely to his side. His love and strength for each new day he has made a way. He has made up. Make it personal tonight. Oh God has made a way. Where there seems to be no way, he works in ways, I will never see. He has made a way for me. Oh, he is my God. Oh, be closer to his heart with love and strength for each new day. He has made a way. He has made a We have the music now. Oh, God has made a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we can not see. He has made a way for me. He is my God. Hold me closely to his side. &gt;&gt; With love and strength for each new day, he has made a way. He has made. Let's do it one more time. Oh, God has made a way. When there seems to be no way, &gt;&gt; he works in ways I can not see. He has made a way for me. He is my God. Hold me closely to his for each day. He has &gt;&gt; Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, thank you, Lord. The Lord bless you. I will see you on Sunday. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Just play anything. We are dismissed.
