################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - That's Not Fair! Bro. Wesley Greeley - Wesley Greeley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    That's Not Fair! | Bro. Wesley Greeley
Speaker: Wesley Greeley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPuH-3zik8o
========================================

Description:
This message explores our tendency to compare circumstances and complain "that's not fair," contrasting human perceptions of fairness with God's perfect justice. Through the stories of Jonah and the parable of the vineyard laborers, Brother Greeley illustrates how God positions believers at precise "coordinates" for spiritual development, despite seeming inequities. Believers are challenged to abandon comparative thinking and trust God's sovereignty, recognizing that He places each person exactly where needed to fulfill His purposes and develop their character.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When no one wants to listen? Who do I lean on? When there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock I know that's able. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over, where do I run to when the winds of sorrows threaten? Is there a reuge in that time of tribulation? When my soul needs consolation, I go to the rock. Hallelujah. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. And where do I go? When there's no one else to turn to. And who do I talk to when no one wants to listen? Who do I lean on when there's no foundation stable? I go to the rock. I know that's stable. I go to the rock. Sing it out. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. Hallelujah. We earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. Where do I run to when the winds of sorrows threaten? Is there a reuge in the time of tribulation? When my soul needs consolation, I go to the rock. Hallelujah. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Sing it again. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. Hallelujah. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, we're standing on the rock today, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Oh, I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run dry. Hallelujah. It's in [Music] heavening. We will never be denied. [Music] Because we're stirring up deep, deep wells. We're stirring up deep, deep waters. We're going to dance in the river and dance in the river cuz we're stirring out deep, deep wells. We're stirring up deep, deep waterers. We're going to jump in the river and jump in the river. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. Deep cries out. deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Oh, I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run dry. Hallelujah. It's an open heaven. You're releasing and we will never be denied. Hallelujah. Cuz we're stirring up deep, deep wells. We're stirring out deep, deep waters. We're going to dance in the river. Dance in the river. We're stirring up deep, deep wells. We're stirring up deep, deep waters. We're going to jump in the river. Hallelujah. A jump in the river cuz deep cries out, deep cries out to you. Deep cries out, deep cries out to you. We cry out, we cry out to you, Jesus. Oh, deep cries out. Deep cries out. And we cries out. Deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Oh, I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run dry. No, no. It's an open heaven. You're releasing and we will never be denied. Hallelujah. And because we're stirring up deep, deep wells. We're stirring up deep, deep waters. We're going to dance in the river. Hallelujah. dance in the river cuz we're stirring up deep deep wells. We're stirring up deep, deep waterers. We're going to jump in the river and jump in the river. Cuz deep cries out, deep cries out to you. Deep cries out, deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Oh, deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. We're falling into deeper waters. We're calling out to you. Hallelujah. And we're walking into deeper waters. We're going after you. Sing it again. We're falling into deeper waters. We're calling after you. Hallelujah. We're walking into deeper waters. We're going after you. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. We cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. Deep cries out. Deep cries out to you. So we cry out. We cry out to you, Jesus. Oh, deep cry out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worthy, worthy, worthy. Falling into deeper, Lord, with you, Lord. Falling deeper. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I have heard a sound and coming on the winds and changing hearts and minds, healing brokenness. I feel a generation breaking through despair. I hear a generation full of faith declare. So our song it will be [Music] hallelujah. Out of the darkness we will rise and sing. He is faithful. He is glorious. And he is Jesus. All my hope is in him. He is freom. He is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace and life. Yeah. Hallelujah. And I have heard a sound coming on the wind changing hearts and minds healing brokenness. I feel a generation. I'm breaking through despair. I hear a generation full of faith declare and our song it will be [Music] hallelujah and out of the darkness we will rise and sing cuz he is faithful he is glorious and he is Jesus Jesus and all my hope is in him. He is freom. He is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace in life. Yeah. Oh hallelujah. And I have seen the light through the dawn and giving blind men sight and letting lame men walk. I see a generation with resurrection life. And we are a generation. We're filled with the power of Christ. And our song it will be. Yes it will. Out of the darkness we will rise and sing that he is faithful. He is glorious and he is Jesus and all my hope is in him. He is freom. He is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace in life. Yeah. And he has paid the highest price. Hallelujah. Yes, you have, Lord. And he has proven his great love for us. He did. And we will praise him with our [Music] lives and proclaim our love for him. Sing it out. And he has paid the highest price. And he has proven his great love for us. And we will praise him with our lives with all we say and do. And proclaim our love for him. Hallelujah. And he has paid the highest price. And he has proven his great love for us. And we will praise him with our lives and proclaim our love for him. Oh, he is faithful. He is glorious and he is Jesus and all my hope is in him. He is freom. He is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace and life. All our hope is in you. All our hope is in you, Lord. We still worship. You are good and great, Lord. Is your hope in him this morning? [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All our hope is in you Lord. You are good. You are good. You are so faithful lamb. Hallelujah. Be glorified. Be glorified. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you today, Lord. Be lifted high in this [Music] place. Come and have your way, Lord. [Music] Come and receive your praise. You are worthy. You are worthy. We've come together, Lord, today to lift up a praise and an offering to you, Lord. Come and receive it, Lord. Have your perfect way and will in this place. Be lifted high. be lifted high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, you're [Music] beautiful and your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this trial, your grace abounds to me. [Music] Oh Lord, please light the [Music] fire that I once burned bright and clear. Replace the lamp of my first love that burns with holy feet. tell him he's beautiful today. Oh Lord, you're so beautiful and your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds. to me. Sing it like that. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. So beautiful. And your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. And I want to take your word and shine it all around. first help me just to live in Lord. And when I'm doing well, help me to never seek the crown for my reward is giving gloryy to you. Sing it out. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Yes, you are, Lord. And your face is all I see. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. [Music] Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burned bright and clear. Replace the lamp of my first love that burns with holy fear. Oh Lord, you're [Music] beautiful and your face is all I see. [Music] And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Hallelujah. Is he worthy today? So so worthy. Sing this with me. You deserve the [Music] gloryy and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hearts in worship and we lift our hands in praise. You deserve the glory. Come and receive and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so [Applause] great. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. There is no one else like you. For you are [Music] great. You do miracles. so great. And there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. Yes, you do. and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship and we lift our hands in praise. You deserve the [Music] glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in [Music] worship and we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. You do miracles so [Applause] great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Sing for you are great again. You are great. You do miracles so [Applause] great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Let's just stay in this atmosphere. I would like to invite uh Sister Gia. Would you come and get ready to sing this morning? Let's just worship with her as she sings this and stay in this atmosphere. Oh Lord, I enter in. The veil's been torn. I bow before you in holy river. ing my own in the bridal chamber where love and there is no hiding. There are no secrets, just a resurrected life, a destination and conse. [Music] [Music] consequ Oh Lord, it's hard to believe. You chose me to fellowship with the resurrected king, drawing me into your sight. For I am yours and Lord, you are mine and there is no hiding. There are no secrets, just a resurrected life, a destiny sword. No condemnation in [Music] [Music] conseing all I am. My life, my soul, my innocence. Oh mercy, redeemer, you've been by my side, drawing me from darkness [Music] into. And there is no hiding. There are no seekers. Oh, just a resurrected life. A destiny sword. No condemnation and [Music] conseal chamber there is intimacy with the Peace. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just remain standing for just a moment. Who has unspoken prayer request? Just by the uplifting of the hand. There's needs all over this building. You have anything? Let's sing this. [Music] of in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty. [Music] Mighty, prince of [Music] peace, trles vanish, hearts are mened in the praise. [Music] presence of the king. Let's sing that again. Brother Robert, would you mind coming [Music] today in the presence of Jehovah, God all [Music] mighty, prince of peace, [Music] Trles van, hearts are men in the [Music] presence of the King to be in your presence, Lord. So wonderful. Thank you for the opportunity, Lord, to gather here to lay everything at your feet, Lord. We don't need to know from each other and we don't even need to tell you. You know it all. But you request that we bring it to you, Lord. So, I just I ask everyone here and on the stream, lay it at your feet. Lay it at the Lord's feet. Take it to him. He is a father that loves you. Open your hearts and your minds to his word and allow him to do his work in you to perfect your faith. As you lay it before him, he is faithful to give you strength to endure. Nothing will come upon you that his grace is not sufficient to handle. Lay it at his feet. He loves you. He wants you to be in his presence. He wants you to come to him, Lord. So I just ask right now that each heart, each mind as we focus on you that you draw us closer to you. A deep calling to the deep and reveal yourself, Lord. For those who have not truly known your presence, I ask you to draw them into it. Lord, help them understand the peace that passes all understanding. The joy that does not come from certain events, but comes from a presence. Lord, we lay it all at your feet. Lord, I ask you to bless your servant this day. Let him bring us the word. Hide it in our hearts that we may be drawn closer to you. That we may love you and worship you and give you glory. that you will receive praise that is due you. Yes. The only true God, the only one that when he moved all things were created by the faith that you place in your own word, all things are created for your pleasure and you gave us a portion of that. So we lay our faith at your feet and say, "Have thy perfect work in us." Yes, Lord. We love you. We praise you. We thank you for coming in a body of flesh to give us an example to say, "It is written." Hallelujah. And turn it all over to you. Thank you, Lord. We pray it all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Yeshua Hamashiach. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Let's just We're going to sing that again. And Sister Jeffrey, would you come and get ready to sing today in the [Music] presence of Jehovah, God [Music] Almighty, Prince of Peace, East trles vanish. [Music] Hearts are mened in the presence of the King. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise as we're seated today. Um, IAS and Jubel, would y'all mind come help me with the offering? Y'all go to them this morning as she sings. [Music] [Music] Amen. Right now it seems like the world is against you. Maybe it is. And right now you feel like your heart is in pieces. Maybe it [Music] is. You think you've walked every mile you can walk and you don't have the will to survive. You have exhausted each ounce of your strength. O why the try? Let me remind you Jesus is for you. He's right when everything's wrong. I'm here to tell you he will not leave you. He never abandons his own. Even though you may not see it right now, you're not in this [Music] alone. He is the friend who will never betray you. That's who he is. He is the love who is constant in sorrow. That's who he is. His plan is greater than what you have planned. Even though it's not clear to you yet, he's always worked everything for your good. At times we forget. Let me remind you Jesus is for you. He's right when everything's wrong. I'm here to tell you he will not leave you. He never abandons his own. Even though you may not see it right now, you're not in this alone. I wanted to dedicate this sister Flo before you even came to church today. This song was for you and for my daughter. This song is for you. Even though we walk in places that we're not familiar with, Jason, it's for you also. Sometimes the past it says the plan is greater than what you had planned even though it's not clear to you yet. It's just not clear. We can't always see it. But you're not in this alone. [Music] He is the friend who will never betray you. Martha, you too. He is the one who is conant in sorrow. That's who he is. His plan is greater than what you had planned. Even though it's not clear to you yet, he's always working for your good at times. We forget. Let me remind you, Jesus is for you. He's right when everything's wrong. I'm here to tell you he will not leave you. He never abandons his own. Even though you may not see it right now, you're not in this alone. I'm here to tell you he will not leave you. He never abandons his own. Even though you may not see it right now, you're not in this [Music] alone. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand and get ready to go to the word today. Something keeps [Music] holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly. He's giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. The trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of just giving over. The strength within myself and just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly. He's giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan laid before me his [Music] temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. But I have found in time the revelation the strength I need to keep me by his grace. Something keeps holding me every day. [Music] Every day I see helping me faithfully overcome my trust, guiding me constantly, giving me [Music] victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Oh yes, Lord. Lord, I thank you for holding me [Music] faithfully, helping me to overcome my trials. [Music] Satan had an ambition. He wanted to snare me. Boy, I thank you, Lord, for the revelation. that by faith Adam, by faith Moses, by faith Noah, by faith Enoch, and by faith Wes Gley, I will make it by the grace of God. You have come with the revelation of faith in the end time that I will make it. Oh, I thank you for it, Lord. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully, overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Jesus is holding me. [Music] And victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan, "Get bee behind. Victory today, it is mine." Oh yes, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan, get me behind. Victory today. It is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Healing is mine. healing today. I told Satan, "Get me behind. Healing today. It is mine." Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine to get thee behind the Holy Ghost today. One more time. Victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get behind victory today. It is mine. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Anybody today have the victory? Glad I have the victory. And it's not because of a feeling. It's because I know who he is and he is the victor and I am in him. Amen. We're certainly glad to see you in the house of the Lord today. Many are away, it seems, but uh we're glad that you're here. I bless you in the name of the Lord. All of you that are watching this service by way of stream, we greet you today in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're glad that you have tuned in to this service. We want to look to the word today. If you have your Bibles, we want to turn to Ezekiel chapter 18. Would you help me to thank all of these musicians [Applause] today? Now, remember, the longer you're back there, the more you miss. I'm not Brother Shelly. Ezekiel chapter 18 and I would like to start in verse 19. I almost sent out a churchwide text to tell you to bring your Bibles because I wasn't sure that we'd have anybody back there to run that screen because they said that some of these newer ones that are learning didn't quite know how to run it. But by the grace of God and with the help of some that uh knew a little bit and some more that knew a little bit, it looks like we're going to have success today. Ezekiel 18 and verse 19. Yet you say why? Now the previous verses are talking about how that the iniquities or the the sins of the fathers come on to the sons and they have to bear that iniquity. So now in verse 19, yet you say, why? Why do not the son bear the iniquity? Or why do not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live. The soul that sinnth it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son. The righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him. But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live. He shall not die. All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him. In his righteousness that he hath done, he shall live. Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die, saith the Lord God, and not that he should return from his ways and live? But when the righteous turns away from his righteousness, and commits iniquity, and does according to all the abominations that the wicked man doth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned. In his trespass that he has trespassed, and in his sin that he has sinned, in them shall he die. Yet you say, "The way of the Lord is not equal." Hear now, oh house of Israel, is not my way equal. Are not your ways unequal? When a righteous man turns away from his righteousness and commits iniquity and dies in them, for his iniquity that he has done, shall he die. Again, when the wicked man turns away from his wickedness that he has committed, and doth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive. because he considerth and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die. Yet saith the house of Israel, the way of the Lord is not equal. Oh house of Israel, are not my ways equal? Are not your ways unequal? Therefore I will judge you, oh house of Israel, everyone according to his ways, sayaeth the Lord God. Repent and turn yourselves from all your transgressions, so iniquity shall not be your ruin. Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby you have transgressed, and make you a new heart and a new spirit. For why will you die, oh house of Israel? For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saeth the Lord. Wherefore turn yourselves and live ye. Let us pray before you're seated today. Our father, we are presenting oursel for this service today that you would do here what you desire to do. We want to thank you that you are here, that you have commissioned and dispatched the angels to this place. We welcome them and ask that they be in their positions at this time. Every one of them be in their divine order. And may we be in our position and in divine order as well. I pray, oh God, that anything that would try to disturb or distract us today would be cast forth from this place in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. and we now just settle ourselves into the presence of the Lord that you may come and speak to us from the word of God that we can get something that would help us in this hour in in the in the overcoming portion that we have been allotted in this hour. May the word today be another uh weapon in our arsenal to be able to fight the enemy. I pray this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that you get all glory. Now hide your servant. May I speak only words that would edify and bring strength and help and grace to the hearer. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. You may have your seats today. When we look at passages in the older covenant, the Old Testament, and we read a passage like this where that the Lord is rebuking the children of Israel, he's he's giving them instruction and rebuking them all at the same time uh to to try to help them to see that um that a man would uh that would live righteously. If he would all of the sudden decide he was tired of living a righteous life and he would go and he would throw it all to the wind, so to speak, and start living a wicked life that all of his righteousness would be forgotten. And likewise a wicked man when he had lived a wicked life and all of the sudden he started trying to live a righteous life that the righteousness would be what would remembered. We of the newer covenant are are blessed because we don't have to live under the law. We don't have to live and there is no righteousness that we can present to God that is good enough. and all of our righteousness is as filthy rags. And it is by the blood of Jesus Christ that we can come to him and know that all of our righteousness that we could ever present to him was not good enough. And and it it wouldn't stand the test of time. It would not stand in his presence. Yet because of his goodness to us, we we know that the lamb is on the throne. We know that he has already paid the price on our behalf and and that we are in Christ. the the perfect sacrifice is on the throne and and we uh are living the life that we live because we are grateful people to what he has done. Amen. And we have stories that we have heard over time of of men and perhaps women that would would live a space of time and they would live what appeared to be a righteous life. They served the Lord. They worked in his kingdom. And and after a time, for whatever reason, they may start to slip. And you see God remove them off of the scene so that they don't bring reproach to the gospel. Whereas others that have lived uh uh seemingly good lives and and God doesn't choose to take them off the scene. He lets all of their wickedness be exposed after they live for some time doing the good works of the Lord Jesus Christ. But as a believer, it is our duty, our privilege, our love that we present ourselves to him, a living sacrifice. And that everything that we are, everything we do, everything that we say, every way that we act, it is because of the goodness of God that he has given into our lives. I read this scripture because I wanted to take out of it uh uh some phrases here. When the Lord asked the house of Israel, "Is not my way equal? Are not your ways unequal?" And then verse 29, yet saith the house of Israel, the Lord, the way of the Lord is not equal. Oh house of Israel, are not my ways equal? Are not your ways unequal? I would like to take for a thought today. That's not fair. This thought has been on my heart, on my mind for some months. And I briefly mentioned it last year when I was in Indiana. And I started talking about the phrase, "He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul." And when we hear the phrase like that, we start thinking about the fairy tale. Uh, I think it was Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. It's been too long since I've read that. Where that the the wicked stepmother, she looked in the mirror and she said, "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?" And for quite some time, the mirror would answer back that she was. But then one day, there was another one. the voice came back and told her that there was another more beautiful or more fair woman in the kingdom. That's a fairy tale. And and that's that's where we go kind of when we hear the word fair or the fairest of 10,000. But today I want to approach it in a little bit different manner when we use the phrase that's not fair. But I want to start out with the phrase once again. He is the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He's the fairest of any person of any entity in this life. He is the fairest one. You will find nobody that is more fair than the Lord Jesus Christ. We look through the scripture and we see that we could take story after story and and and I just want to take one for the moment and that is Jonah. Jonah was a man that was called by God. Anybody in this place would say I'm called by the Lord. It doesn't necessarily mean that you have a preaching ministry, a a ministry in the pullpit, a singing ministry, any of that. But you're called by the Lord. You're called out of darkness and into the marvelous light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ. You are the called according to his purpose. You have been called as Jonah was. Jonah was a prophet. Jonah was a man called of the Lord. And the the the scripture tells us that Jonah was called down to Nineveh. The Lord wanted Jonah to prophesy to Nineveh. And I can imagine that that was some of the words that came out of Jonah's mouth. That's not fair. Why don't you send somebody else? And so Jonah because of his condition at that moment when he said, "Lord, that's not fair." He decided that he was going to go in another direction. And when he went in another direction, he went down to Japa. And he was going to get on a ship to Tarses. And when he gets on the ship to Tarses, he was tired of saying, "That's not fair." And so he went down into the bottom of the boat. and he went to sleep. And the winds and the waves began to batter the ship. And they started calling on their gods. And as they called on their gods, they realized there was another man on the ship. And the dude was sleeping downstairs. And they woe down to get him and say, "You better call on your god. We're in a heap of trouble." And as many times as Jonah may have screamed to the Lord, "That's not fair." He said, "I'm your trouble." Many times we know that we are the trouble. Yet all the time we're screaming, "That's not fair. So Jonah, he told these men, he says, "I know I'm the reason that this ship is in the in the fix that it's in right now, and you're just going to have to throw me overboard." Well, we can't do that. Why? The lawyers back home, they they'll they'll be on us like everything. If we throw you overboard and we cut, we don't get you and we get to the next destination and the manifest says that there's a Jonah on this ship and there's no Jonah to be seen and because we've thrown you overboard, what are we going to tell them? Then we're going to have lawyers all over us because we've thrown you overboard. No, we can't do that. Come on. I'm just putting it in modern day, the way people act modern day. Okay. That's that's the way things happen. We got the ambulance chasers. We've got the lawyers. We we you know, not realizing that Jonah himself, he knew that he was the trouble. He knew that he was the reason the ship was about to sink. And he finally persuaded these men. They they had enough gumption about them that they didn't want to lose their own lives. And so they threw him overboard. Right now, you think about all of the talk, all of the hashing out. No, we can't throw you overboard. Let's call on our gods a little while longer. All of this is happening. I don't know the span of time, but you just remember that God had a fish prepared and God had the coordinates of where that fish would be and where the boat would be. He had it all prepared so that when Jonah went overboard at the precise moment that Jonah would be thrown overboard that the that the fish would be at the right coordinates and the boat would be at the right coordinates so that the the the Jonah and the fish could make the match. They could they they could meet up. It was all orchestrated in the purposes of God because he had a runaway prophet. And so he had this fish prepared. And as this fish grabs Jonah, Jonah is in the belly of this fish for three days. Did it take three days to get to the destination? Were they that far from Nineveh that it took three days for the fish to swim that far? Did it take three days before Jonah would repent and it was just a few miles and the fish didn't take three? I don't know any of that. All I know is that the fish got Jonah where he needed to be. And when he got puked up on the shores of Nineveh, I'm sorry, I couldn't think of another word. When he got spit up on the shores of Nineveh, Jonah went and he preached to the citizens of Nineveh. And Nineveh repented. What was Moses's message? If you don't repent, God's going to burn this city down. He's going to wipe this city off. That was his message to them. And the the response of the people was repentance. Sackloth and ashes. I believe that it even said that the cattle had sackcloth on it. They were repenting. There was a spirit of repentance in Nineveh that the people would begin to repent in such a way. And then Jonah's back to this. That's not fair. I didn't want to come because I knew that you were a gracious and a merciful God and if they would repent that you would repent of the evil that you had for this city. And here they've repented. I knew that's the way it was going to be. That's not fair. And God had to work with Jonah some more, giving him a place of shade and then taking that shade away and and Jonah complaining about it. And see this this we can put oursel in the picture. We can put ourself in the picture because we're constantly using that phrase, it's not fair. You with children hear it probably frequently. It's not fair. He got by with it. I didn't. It's not fair. He has to He He doesn't have to take out the garbage. I do. It's not fair. And this is a phrase that bleeds over into our walk with the Lord. That's not fair. Turn with me if you will to the New Testament. Now, as we read Matthew chapter 20, we want to remember that Matthew chapter 19, Jesus has just met this rich young man who came to him and asked him, what must I do to receive eternal life? And Jesus tells him, "Keep this commandment. Keep this commandment. Keep this commandment. Keep this commandment." And the young man says, "I've done all of that from my youth up." And Jesus said, "Well, that's good, but one thing you lack. Sell all that you have and give it to the poor." And the man went away sorrowful because he had big riches. And he apparently loved his riches more than a desire of eternal life. He went away sorrowful. And after he went away and was sorrowful, the disciples heard it and they were exceedingly amazed. And they asked Jesus, "Who can be saved?" And Jesus said, "With men it's impossible, but with God all things are possible, but I want you to I I know that I didn't give it to them, but I want to look at verse 27 of chapter 19." Then answered Peter and said unto him, "Behold, we have forsaken all and followed you. What shall we have?" Therefore, now we're leading up to something in chapter 20. So just just bear with me here. Jesus has spoken to this rich young ruler and the the rich young ruler asked him, "What do I have to do to have eternal life?" And Jesus gave him some commandments that were a part of the law. and and he answers back, "That's no problem. I got that under my belt. I I that that's all that's all handled. I've done that from the time I was a child." But Jesus gave him something else. That was not what he was expecting when he told him, "Sell everything that you have and give it to the poor and then you'll have eternal life." And he went away sad. Now Peter and the disciples are watching all of this and they realize that they probably kept the commandments as that young man did and they had gone the step further. They had left everything behind. all of their jobs, their boats, their fishing gear, they left it all behind to go and follow Jesus. And he says, "What about us? We've forsaken all. What do we have therefore?" So then let's pick it up in chapter 20 verse one. For the kingdom of heaven, Jesus speaking, for the kingdom of heaven is like a man that is an householder. This would be easier to read in the amplified because it would expound more on some of these words. So, I'm going to expound for you. The kingdom of heaven is like a man who is a landowner, a householder, which went out early in the morning to hire laborers in his vineyard. Now, this man apparently had plenty of vines that needed either to be pruned or the grapes picked. This doesn't necessarily say here what they were doing, but he needed laborers in his vineyard. And so it was early in the morning. We're going to say that the day started about 6:00 in the morning, about dawn. So this landowner goes and he's looking for some workers for his vineyard. Now, let's just say that he went down to the local 7-Eleven or the local uh uh Circle K where the laborers stand to wait for somebody to come and pick them up and take them to a job. Okay, this is a whole different scenario than what it is today. In modern day, we work on one week or two week uh uh pay periods or uh get paid every month. But in this day, they got paid by the day. That was according to the Levitical law. They had to be paid every day. So staff zone is not a new concept. Staff zone is actually a Levitical concept. Get paid by the day. So this land owner, he goes out and he goes to the marketplace and he's looking for workers. As he's looking for workers, the Bible says, "When he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard." Now again, our modern thinking when we think about a penny, it is worthless. In fact, they're going to quit making them because they take nearly three cents to make a penny and do away with it. So if you look in the Greek lexicon at the word penny, it is daenarius which is how the amplified translates it. How the new king James, how the NASB, that's how they translate it. That is the Greek word daenerius. That is the equivalent of a full day's wage. So you got to get penny out of your mind. I want you to think about a day's wage. If you think about minimum wage at uh $7.50, I think still an hour, and you multiply that by 12, that would be your wage for the day. So that was the agreed upon wage for these workers. Now I want to look here at the word they agreed. He had agreed with the laborers. This gives an implication that there was some some going on. There was some negotiation that was going on for the wage that between the the laborer and the landowner. There was some negotiation between them and that word agreed in the Greek is symphoness symphonio. Symphonio and that is to agree together and it comes from another Greek word symphonos meaning harmonious accordant agreeing things agreed upon or sounding together. So when he had come into a symphony with them, when he had come into a harmonious sound with them, they agreed to it. Perhaps he gave a wage and they countered with another wage. We don't exactly know, but they came into an agreement on this wage. And then he sent them into a vineyard. Now you got to keep that in mind. They agreed to the wage. Verse three. And when he went out about the third hour, that would be 9 a.m. and saw others standing idle in the marketplace. He said unto them, "Go into the vineyard vineyard, and whatsoever is right, I will give you." And they went their way. No agreed on price. Again, he went out about noon, 6th hour, and about 3:00, the 9th hour, and did likewise. No agreed upon price. And about the 11th hour he went out and found others standing idle and said unto them, "Why are you standing here all day idle?" Now, when I read this and I think about the guys standing down at Circle K gas station on Victory Drive on Monday morning waiting for somebody to come along and hire them. My mind thinks about where were these guys at 6:00? Where were these guys at 9:00? That 9:00 hour would be me, not six o'clock. 9:00 would be me. What about the folks at noon or 3:00? Where were they when the landowner went down to the local Circle K and was inquiring about day laborers? Where were they? We don't know. But they apparently he he chided them. Why are you standing here all day idle? And they came back and they said, "No man hired us." Well, it seems that this guy was here at 6:00. He was here at 9:00, 12:00, 3:00. Where were you? Were you inside getting a soda? Were you out back taking a smoke break? Where were you? None of you better be taking a smoke break. I'm talking about 7-Eleven and the day laborers. All right. So when when no man has hired us, he said unto them, "Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right, that shall you receive." Now, I want to stop here just a minute because I want you to notice that the first group that went in at 6:00, they came into a harmony with the landowner. symphonos. They came into an agreement with him about how much that they would be paid. But all of the other groups when they were hired, there was no negotiation. They simply went out of trust that the landowner was going to be fair with them. That's it. So when they came that were hired or verse eight, when they when even was come, the Lord of the vineyard saith to his steward, his manager, call the laborers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first. That's not fair. It seems to me if I've been the one in the field the longest, I ought to be able to get my pay and go home and relax. So when they came that were hired at the 11th hour, that would be 5:00 in the afternoon. To us, that is quitting time. But in this case, there was one more hour to labor. Now, I have spent one small section of a day in a vineyard. And I know how exhausting it could be if you're picking the grapes, clipping them, getting them into the baskets, carrying them where they need to go, being dirty and sticky and no water to wash your hands and and and just constant labor as you're going along. Now, these have been in the field since 6:00 in the morning, but they were not the first ones to be called to be paid. When they came that were hired about the 11th hour, they received every man a daenarius, a penny, a daenarius, a full day's wage. That's not fair. But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more, and they likewise received every man a penny, a daenarius, a full day's wage. Now, I want you to notice they had come into harmony or agreement with the landowner before they ever started working. But when it came time to be paid and they started this comparison thing from people that worked only one hour, maybe only three hours, maybe only five hours, and they had been there for the full 12 hours, but they had been in symphonos. They had been in agreement with the landowner about a price. But when they saw others getting exactly what they had agreed upon, they began to say within themselves, "That's not fair." And they thought, they supposed added to their pay because they had been in the field all day long. And they likewise received every man a penny, a daenerius, the same wage that they agreed upon. And when they had received it, what did they start doing? They started murmuring against the good man or the landowner of the house. saying, "These last have wrought but one hour, and you made them equal to us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day." Now I want you to see that they when they murmured the Greek word is gonguzo meaning to murmur or to mutter or to say anything against in a low [Music] tone. I don't know about this guy. He brought them in at 3:00 and he gave them the same wage you gave us. I just don't know about this guy. He just don't seem to be too fair. The landowner had agreed. They had agreed to a price. And when they did not, as they supposed in their mind, when they did not get a little extra added to it, they began to murmur and to complain that this landowner wasn't exactly as fair as he seemed to be. Now you think about earlier in the day when the the agreement was made, it gives no indication that they were upset with the wage that he offered them. There's no indication that they were uh mad because that he undercut the the fair wage of the day. He they came to the agreement of the wage and and they agreed to it and went to work, but they didn't know the rest of the story. This is where you and where I are sometimes in the same position as these that were hired at 6:00 in the morning because we did not know the whole story when we started this journey. We came into a symphony into a symphos with with with the Lord Jesus Christ. We came into an agreement with him and we said to the Lord, I will follow you and I will pay the price whatever it is. And we fought through hell and we fought through high water and and we worked and we labored and we kept the standard and we lifted up the standard and we kept all the rules. And then somebody came at noon and it didn't seem like that they had to keep the rules that we had to keep. And we started murmuring. We thought we were murmuring against the preacher when indeed we were murmuring against the one who called us. Right. But we were the ones that made the agreement to start with, but there we are screaming, "It's not fair." They didn't have it as hard as we had it. Oh friends, we have to get over this that's not fair attitude in the end time because there are a lot of things that don't seem fair. And let let's start comparing some words. Fair simply means even. And when we look at somebody that maybe has not had to pay as high of a price as we've had to pay and we start saying that's not fair. Well, we're not talking about fair. What's fair today? We're talking about our God who is just. He is a just God. The book of Revelation 15 said they sang a song of Moses and they said just and true are you, oh God. That means that when he does anything, he is absolutely right. He's not right based on my thought of right. He's not right based on your thought of right. He's just right. And when he is right, that's it. He doesn't care about fair because he realizes that he chose you before the foundation of the world that you would be holy and without blame before him in love. And he didn't call you to be holy and without blame before him in love in the in the Philadelphiaian age or in the Ephesus age. He called you to be holy and without blame before him in love in Leodysia. And he knew that he was going to put you in Leodysia because he knew what he was going to put inside of you. That you could overcome the spirit of the age. And the spirit of the age is constantly crying. That's not fair. Because the spirit of the age is people's rights. We've said it before, we say it again. We live in America. We want our rights. We want our right to own a gun. We want our right to carry it wherever we want to. We want a right. We we want our rights to have a car. We want to have our rights to have a big car or a big truck. And we want it to be we want our right with our car to be that it can be any size engine that it wants to be that we want it to be. And we want our right to have it as loud as we want it to be. Not me. I want it quiet. But there's some that they want it loud. Mostly the Dodge owners. The Dodge owners with the diesel engines and the big tailpipes. They want their rights. And they want their right to charcoal your window as they go by you when they step on the accelerator. But it's a right because they're an American citizen. But God called you and he called me to a higher level uh than an American citizen. And he called me higher than the level of Leodysia. He said, "Come out from among her and be separate, say the Lord." He was talking about the modern-day church. But the modern-day church is in Leodysia. They're steeped in Leodysia. and he's calling to us, come out from among her and be separate, sayeth the Lord. I didn't call you to be like her. And then we start throwing up our hands and say, "That's not fair." And then God calls you to a higher level. He calls you to a truth. He calls you out of Babylon. He calls you out of the Roman system. And as he calls you out of the Roman system, he begins to lay down some things that he doesn't like about the Roman system. And he calls you even higher. And he says, "Come up higher." And because it's things that we're attached to, things that we love, things that we desire, we have the taste for them. We start screaming, "But Lord, that's not fair. All the other churches do it." But that isn't who God called you to be. He didn't call you to be all the other churches. Do you realize as much as God put the coordinates together for Jonah and the fish that God put your coordinates together? of all the churches in all of the world. Why do I have to be in Smith Station, Alabama? It's just not fair. Lord, my friends are in places where the grass is green and it's fun to walk through in your bare feet and you put me in Alabama where the grass is prickly. And not only that, Lord, it's not fair because all of the dirt is red and you can't grow a garden. And all my friends are in places that have black dirt and they grow beautiful gardens. It's not fair, Lord. God had your coordinates picked out. In the natural, as unfair as it seems in a in a human standpoint, God is the fairest of 10,000. When he placed you at the coordinates that he placed you at in Smith Station, Alabama, it was because he knew what he had placed inside of you and it had to come out. And he knew what you had inside of you would not come to its full manifestation if he put you in green grass. and black dirt. Yet, we end up talking to the landowner the same way that the 6:00 in the morning people talk to the landowner. It's just not fair. He didn't tell me the whole story when he called me on this journey. I agreed to a wage, but he didn't tell me that other people were going to be able to be in a place where there was greener grass and blacker dirt and I had to be here in this red dirt. My kids are all the time coming in with red clothes. It just ain't fair. This is our murmurings. Be content with such things as you have. For he has said, "I will never leave you and I will never forsake you." He didn't tell you all of the story. He didn't tell you all of the turns in the road. He didn't tell you all of the snares that would come your way when you agreed and said, "Lord, I'll follow you. Whatever the cost, I'll follow you, Lord. Wherever you take me, whatever it cost you, I'll do it." Well, I didn't know you was going to call me to Alabama to red dirt. I didn't know you were going to call me to work outside in 95° weather all summer long. I didn't know that you were going to call me to do that. I want to tell you, God has given a great grace to me and to a lot of you that have to work outside. He's given us a lot of grace to be able to do that in this temperature and to be able to stay hydrated and be able to work in that kind of a condition. And and personally for me, it is not something that I complain about because I would rather be hot as be cold. I know that's foreign to some people, but I would rather sweat as to be cold. And and so I have no problem being out in in in the in the hot and and doing that. But there are other things that we have encountered along our life that we didn't when we agreed when we came into symphony when we came into a harmony with the Lord Jesus when we first got born again. We didn't know what we were going to face. All that mattered at that moment was, I've got to come into agreement with the Lord because I want to be saved. And so we agreed with him and we said, "Lord, we'll go with you. Just save me and fill me with the Holy Ghost. And if you'll fill me with the Holy Ghost, I can encounter every anything and everything. And we can. And we have, but we've done it with some murmuring and throwing out, "Lord, that's not fair." But the landowner said, "Take what's yours and go your way. I'll give unto you. I I will give unto this last even as unto you. Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil because I am good?" So the last shall be first and the first last for many are called but few are chosen. I want you to notice verse 13 because he said he answered one of them and said friend I do no wrong and I I I I look at that word friend and in the book of Matthew it's used in very similar way three times and one of those times was when they came to take him to crucifixion iction and he called one of the soldiers friend. And I heard a heard a black preacher say Jesus was calling him friend in a nice nasty way. I I I I don't know because I don't think Jesus has any any wrong in him. But he he says, "I didn't do any wrong. You agreed. And that's the that's what he's saying to us today. I didn't do any wrong. You may be screaming, "It ain't fair, but I didn't do any wrong." That's right. You came into symphony. You came into a harmony with me. You agreed with me. And we've done it many times in our lives. We've come into harmony with him and then we fell out of harmony with him because we started saying that ain't fair. And and when when we start saying that ain't fair, we're doing the same thing that they did in the book of Ezekiel when Ezekiel was prophesying. We're telling God, you're not equal. You don't do things in an equal way. Yet God knows you and you and you and you and you and me. And he knows that the pressure for you is different than the pressure for me. He knows that the rebuke that's needed for you is different than what's needed for me. That's right. He knows that the guidance that's needed for you is different than the guidance for me. And so I don't have any right when I see him guiding you with a nice gentle hand and me he's slapping in the back of the head. I can't say that's not fair because I'm just going to tell you I've come along in this journey far enough to know that sometimes it's exactly what I need. It's the slap in the back of the head. That a nice gentle Come on now, son. Let's [Music] go. It's my desire to be led by his eye. But I don't always respond to his eye. So sometimes he has to take the shepherd's rod, kind of knock me in the back of the head or in the back of the knees, maybe a swat on the backside. I don't know. Sometimes it takes a little more to get me to move. But I can't just say because I made the agreement. You young people that sit among us, you started out the journey the same as we did, us older ones that have been on this journey for quite some years. And you started out and you just you just wanted to be right. You heard a preacher saying, "Repent of your sins." And you did it. And because you're young, you don't know the full scope of what your life is going to look like, the hard knocks that you might have. And God grant that you don't have to go through as many as I did. May the grace of God be to you that you will have listening ears, that you will have a listening heart, that you will have a tender heart, that you will respond to the Holy Ghost with more ease than what I do. Because in the end, if you belong to God, you ain't getting away. you're you're just not getting away from the Lord because he chose you and he's going to have you. You may even sit there today and say that's not fair. You hear stories about people that that that were called of God and they tried to run in the opposite direction and they would find themselves doing uh nasty stuff and they they would find themselves uh out drinking or doing whatever and and and trying to run from God as hard as they can and getting no enjoyment out of it because they know they're called of God. And so, young people, anytime we speak to you and say, "Follow Jesus with all your heart, we're just trying to keep you from some of the traps, trying to keep you from some of the scars that we have. We don't want you to carry them. We want you to go to a higher level than we've ever gone. And it's not because we want to hold you back from any uh fun that might be there. But the pleasures of sin only last for a season. That's right. They're not enduring. They're not going to endure all the way to the end. They're they're they're only going to last for a little while and then you've because you are called. Because you belong to the Lord. You see, there's some people here that have gotten a revelation of what a prophet said when he said, "Hold the token over your family." They got a revelation that that same God that saved them was able to save their children and their grandchildren and their great grandchildren. They got a revelation of it. And so they they faithfully hold the token over their family. You say, "Preacher, what does that look like?" Well, I don't know exactly, but I do know that when I pray and I ask the Lord to watch over my children and guide them in the truth, guide them in the way of righteousness and holiness and and that they will walk in everything that God has called them to, I hold it up to God. Yes. I don't have the power to make my children walk right. You don't either. When they're in your house, you have the power to guide them. That's to nurture them. That's why daddies, it's important for you to nurture your children with the word and not the television. You got to nurture them in the things of God so that they when the as they're growing up, their thirst is not for the world because that's so much of what they seen. But their thirst is for the things of God because that's what's been held before them. hold before them words of life so that they can have a hunger for the things of God. But once they leave your house, you can say things to them, but you don't have the power to change them. You don't have the power to make them walk right. You don't have the power to make them do right. The authority that you have as a parent and as a believer is that you can hold the token over them because you believe that the same God who saved you is more than able to save them and deliver them and fill them with the Holy Ghost and cause them to walk in the right direction to walk toward truth or in truth. that God has that power. Something my wife said earlier spurred me to look this because when we think about grace, we think of unmmerited favor. But I just want to read you the definition of grace from the Strong's lexicon. When you read in the scripture where it says, "Grace be to you and peace from God our Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ." You know, that's a phrase that a lot of times we skip over. But let's just let's just think about what he's offering to us. Grace, that which affords joy, pleasure, delight, sweetness, charm, loveliness, grace of speech, goodwill, loving kindness, favor of the merciful kindness by which God exerting his holy influence upon on souls, turns them to Christ, keeps, strengthens, increases them in Christian faith, knowledge, affection, and kindles them to the exercise of the Christian virtues. What is due to grace? The spiritual condition of one governed by the power of divine grace. The token or proof of grace, benefit, a gift of grace, benefit, bounty, thanks for benefits, services, favors, recompense, reward. That is the Greek number 5485. If you want to look it up for yourself, charice 5485. So when we talk about grace that is afforded to us, it is not just unmmerited favor, but it's unmmerited of favor. Unmmerited favor that which affords joy, pleasure, delight, sweetness, charm, loveliness, and grace of speech. And so when we know that we have we we were we were called and we may have been the 6 a.m. ones that went into the vineyard. There are probably, you know, in classification there's some that have been serving the Lord longer than others, some that have been in the vineyard longer than others. And we have a a sense of seniority. They just don't know what we've been through. They think they have it so bad. And they just don't know what we've been through. Oh, don't look so holy. I ain't the only one that's ever said that under my breath. And we've got to get rid of that seniority, superiority, attitude because when it all comes down to it, this is not a wage that we are serving the Lord for. In the book of Matthew, it was a wage that they had agreed upon. But I'm not serving the Lord for a wage. The Bible says the wages of sin is death. That's right. But the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 6:23. This is a gift that he gave to us when he called us. and and and yes, there will be rewards that are given to us. Yet, when we have been given these rewards, we're not going to be standing in a in another dimension in a heavenly place holding up. Look at my reward. I made it through 50 years on earth serving the Lord. Look at the reward that I got. Look at my reward. My reward for not killing my children. Here's one for some of you. Look at my reward. I endured 75 three-hour brother Shelly sermons. If he's watching, I'll get it. Let me just tell you all something. If you had to sit in a denominational church and get a 20 minute sermonet and then you go out the rest of the week and do what you want to do and come back the next week and get a 15 or a 20 minute sermonet again. No meat, no substance, nothing to help you grow. Just enough for you to say, "I've been to church." And for you to yell all the rest of the week, that's not fair. You would be glad to sit under the sound of the word for two or three or four hours with the meat that we get in this place. Friend, we are a privileged people to be able to sit for two or three hours under the sound of the word and hear the gospel of Jesus Christ. Not just pablum, a real not not milk but meat of the word that will help us to grow and to overcome the attitude of that's not fair to get to the place where we say no matter what anybody else gets rewarded, no matter what anybody else is doing, no matter how easy somebody else has it, Lord, I will serve you with everything that's in me. Musicians, make your way this way. It's not fair. It's not fair that some have it easy and some have it difficult. It's not fair that some are married and some are not. It's not fair that some have babies and some don't. It's not fair that some seem to struggle to meet their bills and others seem to have plenty. It's not fair. It isn't when all you're looking at is the evenness of the playing field of earthbound creatures. But I am not a creature who is bound to this earth. I have been called to a higher place in Jesus Christ. And I realize that to get there, I'm not going to be able to be a wimp. I'm not going to be able to be a so to speak. I am going to have to eat meat and I am going to have to let the meat provide the nutrients in my inner man. You remember years ago, brother Shelley preaching about the meat of obedience. Well, that is what the meat of the word provides to me. It helps me to be obedient to the Lord Jesus Christ because I know that he did not call me to a denominational system. He did not call me to a pretty place to live. He did not call me into a place where that uh everything was going to be at ease and my fingertips. He called me to a higher level of living in the Lord Jesus Christ where that he was going to place inside of me the faith he put me at the right coordinates and he's always going to have that fish with God GPS in him. Yes. to get him to the right place. And that is exactly what is happening to some of you. You feel like that you're in the fish because you wanted it your way. And when you got your way, it wasn't really what you wanted. Jonah when he was on the ship to Tarses, he thought it's what he wanted and so much that he went down in the in the bottom and went to sleep. But when he got woke up abruptly and said, "Hey, Bub, this ship's going down. You better pray to your God." Jonah wasn't sure that's where he wanted to be anymore. But he did have enough sense to say, "Put me overboard. Everything will be all right if you put me overboard. I don't know where I'm going to end up, but put me overboard." But God already had the fish. God already has the shepherd's rod. God already has the woman. God already has the man. He may already have a a zipper for you. Says, "Hey man, you're a bloody husband to me. You didn't do what you're supposed to do. I'm going to help you to do it." Sometimes that's the way it is. God has the right thing at the right place at the right time to get you where you need to be. and all the time screaming, "That's not fair. That family over there has it way easier than we have it. It's not fair. I didn't choose your path. Choose your path. Fact is, I didn't even choose my own. I cooperated with the one who chose me. And should you think that I'm goody two shoes, I just want to tell you today, there have been times where that I uncooperated with him. And because that I uncooperate, I don't even know if that's a word, but that's working for now. I when I uncooperated with him, when I quit cooperating with the Holy Ghost and I tried to do it my own way, then it created a sequence of events in my life that brought me some heartache, some trouble, some sickness, some bills, some debt. some things that I didn't want to be a part of my life because I had uncooperated. I got out of harmony with him. But because I belonged to him, he got the shepherd's rod. He got the fish. Come on, Jonah. Come on, Jonah. You chose your own way, but I can only let you go your own way for just a little while. Let's get you back where you need to be. I've got the fish at the right coordinates. I got the bad decision that you chose. I used it and I used it to hold you captive so you can't go nowhere but where I want you to go. all of these things, though God didn't make you do them. But God allowed your choices to work in such a way to get you to the fish so that the fish could get you to Nineveh, so that you could preach to the Ninevites so that they could repent. But don't be like Jonah and sit down and start complaining and saying, "It ain't fair. I knew you'd do it that way. I knew that they would repent and you would forgive them and and all my words would seem like that I didn't know what I was talking about." No, you gave the right word and they repented and now you're mad about it. just ask you the question as they're getting ready to lead us in worship. Are you mad at God? Just answer for yourself. Can't answer for nobody else because you're not living in their situation. But are you are you mad at God? Maybe you wouldn't quite use that strong of a word. Are you aggravated at God for the circumstances you're in? Stand to your feet, please. Are you in a situation today where that you are telling God, "It's not fair. They can. and I can't. It ain't fair. As we worship together, I just want you to worship the Lord and ponder on that question, asking the Lord or asking yourself, am I aggravated with the Lord because of the situation that I'm in? And because that I am in that situation, it has caused me to be down, depressed, cold, agitated at everybody. We'll work with it in just a minute. Go ahead, Ben. Lord, you've been so good to [Music] me. Lord, you've been so good to me. You save my soul from hell. Then you made my body well. Lord, you've been so good to me. Oh Lord, you've been so good to me. And Lord, you've been so good to me. You save my soul from hell. Then you made my body well. Lord, you've been so good to me. Oh Lord, you've been so good to me. And Lord, you've been so good to [Music] me. You save my soul from hell. Then you made my body well. And Lord, you've been so good to [Music] me. Lord, you've gone so far for me. And Lord, you've gone so far for [Music] me. Took away my sin and shame so that I could wear your name. I thank you, Lord. You've gone so far for me. You've done so much. Oh Lord, you've done so much for me. And Lord, you've done so much for me. You save my soul from hell. and you made my body well. Lord, you've done so much for me. Has he been good to you? Sing it out. Oh Lord, you've been so good to me. Yes, you have, Lord. And Lord, you've been so good to me. You save my soul from hell and you made my body well. Lord, you've been so good to me. Oh Lord, you've been so good to me. And Lord, you've been so good to [Music] me. You saved my soul from hell. and you make my body well. Lord, you've been so good to me. I believe it's in the book of James. It says, "I would that you would prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers. We read earlier in the book of Ezekiel, the soul that sinnth shall surely die. And if you take the soul as the mind, the will and the emotions and you take sin as unbelief and we start getting that it's not fair attitude. Then we find oursself in places where brother Shelley has been preaching to us over these last months about the spirit of offense because we're not keeping our soul health in its proper place. We don't stay in tune with the Holy Ghost. We don't stay in harmony with him. we fall out of harmony and then the offenses start and then that's not fair and we fall farther and farther out of harmony. But the Holy Spirit has been beckoning us now for months. Get rid of those offenses. Lay down those offenses. Don't hold on to them. Get your soul health fixed up. And the spirit of the Lord is only continuing that today. You don't know the battle the person beside of you has faced. For you to be screaming, "It ain't fair." That's right. I would invite you to lay it all down at the feet of the Lord Jesus today. It is a daily walk. Every day we're laying something down. Because every day the spirit of deception, the spirit of hell tries to rise up in us and we have to lay it down and say, "Not my will, Lord. I'm yours." Let's pray together. Father, you see these that are standing around the front, those that are in the audience still in their pews, even out across the stream today. You are aware the times that we have been as the 6:00 laborers and we've told the Lord that it wasn't fair, that we'd labored longer and harder than others had. Surely we surely we deserved something. Oh God, may we have the grace, the courage, the anointing today to lay down our superiority, our seniority and say Lord I am coming back into harmony with you, harmony with the Holy Spirit. to agree to my first [Music] wage. I'll go, Lord, where you want me to go and I will do what you want me to do. I'm just a willing vessel. Lord, I realize it's not easy in these natural standard of things. Life is not always easy. But Lord, you have promised that there is a new body that is waiting us, a place that you have prepared where that we'll never die. And we know that the soul that sins, it shall surely die. And when we don't live in a life of repentance, there are those, Lord, who will taste of the second death. I thank you, Lord, that you've delivered us from that. We confess we are yours. We're yours, Lord. Are you willing to lift your hands and say, "I am yours, Lord. I will do your [Music] command. I come into harmony with you, [Music] Jesus. Oh Lord, you've been so good. to me. Oh Lord, you've been so good to [Music] me. Lord, you've been so good to me. [Music] You saved my soul from hell and you made my body well. Lord, you've been so good to me. [Music] [Music] love on somebody next to you. [Music] We bless you Jesus. We bless you [Music] Jesus. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sins all away. Oh, he filled me with the Holy Ghost. Cannot tell it all. I cannot Oh, I cannot tell it all. He filled me with the ghost. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin all away. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin all away. He healed my body when I was sick. I cannot tell it. Oh, I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He healed my body when I was sick. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin. Oh, one more time. He's done so much for me. cannot tell it all. Hey, I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin all away. We're going to let you go today. [Music] You have a word to ponder on as you leave. There'll be service here on Tuesday night at 7:00. You get stuck with me again. Brother Shelley is going to remain in North Carolina and then go over and preach for Brother Bill Y on Wednesday night. Uh, Brother Bill was at the meeting on Friday night. Asked him to come and preach for him. And so, Brother Shelley is going to do that. So, we want to remember him as he would go do that. Remember him and his family, all of those that are traveling. I know some have to come back maybe today or tomorrow. I don't know exactly uh to get back to jobs, but let's remember Brother Shelley and his family uh while they're there and that God will continue to use them for his purposes. May the Lord bless you and keep you as you leave and the presence of the holy shakina glory be upon you in the name of the Lord. God bless you. He has taken my sins all away. Can you smile? I much for me. I cannot tell it all. Can you wave at the camera? Oh, I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin all away. Oh, he's done so much for me. You want [Music] down? Hey, I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sin.
