################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Uncovered by the Word, Exposed by the Light Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-05
Title:    Uncovered by the Word, Exposed by the Light | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edbxDpOX45U
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley explores how God sovereignly reveals hidden offenses for redemption, not condemnation. The sermon traces how offense progresses from pride through bitterness to control, ultimately resulting in isolation. Using multiple scriptures, Bro. Shelley demonstrates how manipulation operates through guilt-tripping, silent treatment, triangulation, and spiritual control. The solution is not anger but surrendering to Jesus, understanding our identity in Christ, and allowing His Word to discern between soul and spirit.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you roar revail a victory will? There's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide. There's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. How would you be wider? Much wider than snow. There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Since things are lost in its lifegiving flow, there's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now, would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. And would you lift daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. And would you do service for Jesus, your king? There's power in the blood, power in the blood. And would you live daily his praises to sing? There's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Will are you washed in that blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb with all your garments spotless all the white eyes. So are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well and are you washed in that blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Well, are your garments spotless, solid white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well, are you washed in that blood in that soul painting blood of the lamb? Well, are your garments spotless? Are they white as are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Where do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well, are you washed in that blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Well, are your garments spotless in white? As so are you washed in the blood of the lamb. When the bridegroom cometh, will your robes be white, pure and white in the blood of the lamb? And will your soul be ready for that manion bright and be washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in that blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? But are your garments spotless? I am white as nor are you washed in the blood of the lamb. Lay aside your garments that are stained with sin and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, are you washed in that blood? in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well, do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in that blood, in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as are you are in the blood of the [Music] lamb? Oh, hallelujah. These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. These are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trials, of famine and darkness and sword, we are the voice in the desert crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion's hill salvation. Oh, behold, he comes. He's riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets, won't you lift your voice? It's a hero of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord and these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trial, of famine and darkness and sword, we are the voice in the desert crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpet won't lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee and not of Zion until salvation comes. These are the days of Ezekiel. The tribones becoming as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. All the fields, they're wide in the world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard, declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets. Won't you lift your voice? It's a year of jubilee. and out of Zion till salvation comes. These are the days of Ezekiel. The tribones becoming as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. Oh, the fields they're wide in the world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard, declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. Behold, he comes. He's riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call. Won't you lift your voice? It's a year of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. There is no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call, won't you lift your voice? It's a year of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. Behold, he comes. He's riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call. Oh, I'm going to lift my voice. Year of jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud, shining like the sun. At the trumpet's call, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee and out of Zion's hill south like that again. Behold he comes on shining like oh lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee and out of Zion's hill salvation comes. Behold he comes riding on a cloud. He's shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpet's call. Oh, lift your voice. It's a hero of Jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] We worship you Lord. We worship you Lord. [Music] And to the sinner's ears. It may sound strange that freedom could be found through death and pain and why sin and perfection took blame. But [Music] hallelu and for our pardon it would take the [Music] cross. Salvation paid for at the highest cost. Oh our redemption gained at heaven's lost. Oh [Music] hallelu and what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? [Music] It's nothing but the blood. Sing it like that again. What can and what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. It's nothing but your blood. And what can make me whole again? [Music] It's nothing but love. [Music] And there is nothing strong enough to [Music] stand against when love is done without stretched hands. Oh, for now salvation flows for every man. Oh [Music] halleluah. And whosoever calls upon this name, they will find their guilt and burden rolled away. Yes, they'll rise into their feet forever changed and singing [Music] [Applause] hallelu. For what can wash away my sin? It's nothing but the blood. It's nothing but your blood. And what can make me whole again? It's nothing but the blood. Sing that second verse again. And there is nothing strong enough to stand against when love is done without stretched hands. For now salvation flows for every man. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. And whosoever calls upon this name, they will find their guilt and burden rolled away. And they are rising to their feet forever changed and singing [Applause] hallelujah. For what can wash away my sin? It's nothing but the blood, Lord. It's nothing but your blood. And what can make me whole? All I give it's nothing but love love. Oh, every chain and f broken. Just one drop can make us clean. Oh, there is nothing can rescue and [Music] redeem you. For it has triumphed over darkness, crushing your every. Oh, it's bringing healing, bringing freom and bringing [Music] peace. Oh, every chain and f broken, just one drop will make you clean. Oh, there is nothing it can rescue and redeem. Yeah. For it has triumphed over darkness, crushing your enemy. Bringing healing, bringing freedom, [Music] free. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? It's nothing but the blood. Like that again. What can Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? [Music] Nothing but the blood. We praise you Lord. We thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Cal. Calary. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day from day to day. Oh, it will never lose its power. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to that lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me my strength from day, from day to day. Oh, it will never lose its power. It soothes my doubts and it calms all my tears. Oh, and it dries all dries all of my tears. Oh, it's that blood that gives me strength. Oh, from day from day to day. Oh, it will never lose. It'll never lose its power. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain. And it flows to that lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me my strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Well, it soothes my doubts and it calms all my fears. Oh, and it dries all it dries all of my tears. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength. Oh, from day from day to day. Oh, it will never lose. It'll never lose its power. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] Oh, and it flows to your lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day from day to day. It will never lose its power. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, it flows to that lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me my strength from day from day to day. It will never lose its power. It will never lose its power. [Laughter] [Music] Oh, can you give the Lord a praise today? Give him a praise. Lord, your wonder working power. We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We want to go to prayer today and take our needs to the Lord. All across the congregation, I know that your needs are probably many. You just want to make it known by the lifting up of the hand all across the building. The Lord sees those needs out across the stream. The Lord sees the need that uh you have. He knows what your needs are. Let's hold up Sister Ge and Sister Terry to the Lord this morning. And also Gwen and maybe Isaiah, too, not feeling well at home uh with a fever. Let's pray for them. All right. We want to hold these needs up to the Lord. We know that the Lord is well able to handle every one of them. Let's just go to prayer today. Heavenly Father, we just want to say thank you. You are God and you change not. You are above every God. And we thank you that we can come to you with boldness because of the blood of Jesus Christ. it it's not by our merits. It's not by our goodness. It's nothing that we can bring to you. But we come because the perfect lamb has been offered on our behalf. And Lord, I just am thankful for that today. So we come bringing our needs to you and we ask you to minister to every one of them. The hands that were raised, you see the need behind that hand. Whether it would be a healing or depression or a financial need, whatever it is, Lord, I thank you that you are well able to handle it out across the stream. I am asking you, Lord, to minister to the needs all across the world. Whatever the needs are, we know that there are people that stream this service that we don't know, but Father, we're asking you to meet their needs. whe whether they have a physical need or a spiritual need. I thank you that because of the living word, it can change situations. It can change circumstances. It can change us on the inside till that our circumstances no longer look as bad as they once looked. I thank you for that today, Lord. Do it across the stream. Do it in this house. I ask you, oh Lord, do what we cannot do for ourselves. Be El Shadai to us today. I ask you, Father, that you would minister through our pastor. Let his body be strong as he delivers the word. Let his voice be strong. And I pray the heavy anointing of the Holy Ghost to rest upon each one of us and him as he would deliver the word. May our ears be tuned to heaven's frequency. We bless you, Lord. Let every part of this service bring honor to your name. No man lifted up, but may you be lifted up. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we declare these things and we thank you for them. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him another praise. Hallelujah. For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its [Music] power. Oh hallelujah. Give him another praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we praise you, Lord. God is good. Yes, sir. I don't have to ask you, is he? I know it. Amen. You may have your seats today. We're glad to have you in the house of the Lord. We are blessed to be here gathered together. Sister Flo, I'm glad to see you looking strong today back with us. Praise God. This friend of of Axels, we're glad that you're in the house of the Lord with us [Applause] today. Sister Trish, I believe I heard this was your niece. Is that correct? Cousin. All right. We're glad that she's here with us today. Oh, how blessed we are. Just blessed to be called a child of God. We're going to receive the tithe and the offering. We're glad that Joshua and Stephen are back this weekend. We're glad that the Lord saw fit for them to be able to be here. I see Sarah back there. I assume she has Wyatt with her. We're glad. Yeah, there he is. Clapping his hands with us. We're going to ask brother Cade to move over to the piano and give us a song. We're going to receive the tithe and offering. We're going to continue worshiping the Lord. This is the first Sunday of the month. And uh you know the Lord has just blessed us to be able to to be able to move and live and have our being to have sustenance to be able to uh pay a light bill and a water bill and have food on the table and clothes on our back. It's just because of him and we honor him with bringing our tithe to him which belongs to him and offering therewith. It's just a wonderful thing. We continue to believe the Lord that his work in Jerusalem is accomplished through us. Whatever part we have to play, we're praying over them. Uh many things happening in that nation every day. Uh those of you that may not have seen it, uh the the the Houthis sent a missile to uh Israel and their interception system for whatever reason didn't work and it landed very close to the Bengurian airport and it has the people shaken up more than usual when we just are praying and believing for the peace of Jerusalem and all of Israel, believing that God's purposes are accomplished in that land, but we're giving our tithe and our offering to the Lord, believing that every purpose that he has for us as a congregation that we accomplish and fulfill that. Brother Ellias, can I call on you and brother Austin Hodes, we're going to let these brothers come to you to give of your tithe and offering as brother Cade sings and leads us on to the preaching of the word. [Music] His heart was broken, mine was mened. [Music] He became sin. Now I am clean. The cross he carried bore my burden. [Music] The nails that held him set me free. His life for mine. his life for mine. How could it ever be that he would die? God's son would die to save a wrench like me. What love divine he gave his life for mine. His scars of suffering brought me [Music] healing. He spilled his blood to free my soul. His crown of thorns made me royalty. His sorrow gave me joy untold. His life were mine. His life were mine. How could it ever be that he would die? God's son would die to save a wretch like me. What love divine. He gave his life for mine. He was despised and rejected, stripped of his garments and oppressed. I am love and accepted and I wear a robe of [Music] rightuousness. His life for mine. His life for mine. Oh, how could it ever be that he would die? God's son would die to save a wrench like me. What love divine? He gave his life for mine. His life for mine. His life for mine. Tell me, how could it ever be that he would die? God's son would die to save a wretch like me. He was love divine. He gave his life for mine. And you are God alone. From before time began. You are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and [Music] bad you are on your throne. I know you are God alone. Oh you are God alone. From before time began. You are on your throne. I know you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. You are God alone. From before time began, you were on your throne. For you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. You are God alone. [Music] Yes. Yes. Amen. Oh, aren't you thankful that he's God? He is God. He is God. He does not change. Oh, we praise you, Lord. We praise you. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you thankful? Amen. Amen. Just a heart of thanksgiving to him. I I feel it today. a heart of thanksgiving for what he has done that he would take somebody out of the muck of sin. Raise him up. Chosen, chosen, chosen and elected. Oh, I thank you, Lord. Would you stand with us? Hallelujah. As we get ready to go to the word today, we worship you, Lord. We worship you. We worship you. Be flat. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art [Music] worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. [Music] Glory and honor. Gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. [Music] Thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art. Would you engage and get your heart ready to hear the word Jesus? Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. [Music] Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. Gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast, thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created. Thou hast created. All things and for thy pleasure and for Thank you. I needed another minute. Sorry. They are created. Oh [Applause] thou Lord. Just sing that part again right there. Would you? For thou hast created has all things created. Thou hast created all things and for thy pleasure they are they are created. Oh thou thou art worthy, oh Lord. Let's just tag it. And for thy pleasure. And for thy pleasure they are. Woo. Because he liked it. Thou art worthy. Oh [Music] Lord. You're going to laugh. You're going to laugh at me, but have you ever looked at a giraffe and wondered why was the giraffe I love to see giraffes. I've seen them in the natural. But have you ever looked at one and wondered why was it made like that? Mostly neck. I guess I'm jealous. I don't have a neck, so I must be jealous of the giraffe. Or or a rhinoceros. I've seen them in person in the in the in the u game park and it looks like a an armored tank on short fat stubby legs. But don't you let it fool you. It can move. Did you know more people are killed by a hippopotamus than a lion? Right? Who would who would have designed something that looks like a hippopotamus? And why did he do it? You probably don't think of silly things like that, but I have the answer. Yes, sir. I have the answer. For his pleasure. Absolutely. All things were created for his pleasure. It pleased him to give the giraffe that big old long neck. And it pleased him to make that rhinoceros look like all horn and armored tank. It pleased him. It pleased him to make you. That's right. You were created for his pleasure. Hallelujah. You were born to serve his purpose. You weren't here to serve your own agenda. He created you to serve his. Amen. If you will stay engaged, I'll ask you to be seated just a moment, but but stay with me and your attention if you possibly can. I love his presence. I love his presence. I love him. And when you love him, you love to be where he is. And he doesn't just dwell at church. He lives in his people. This was his desire from the beginning. It only took 6,000 years to get it to where he could restore it all the way back to his original intention. We're 6,000 years in God's plan, give or take a little bit. And now he has found a people that he chose to live in, dwell in, that his word would become flesh in them. What a divine mystery. How ought we to live because we have this truth. We ought to live different than those around us. Not with bride pride, but with humility and gr gratitude and thanksgiving. I tell him every day, not that he needs to be reminded, but I tell him every day, you're sovereign God. You don't need my permission. You don't need President Trump's permission. You don't need Putin's permission. You're a sovereign God. Just come on and do what you desire to do and don't let me get in your way. Let me be in the move but not in your way. Do you feel that way? Wouldn't you like for God to use you more? Wouldn't you like to be available to him more and more and more? Greetings to you and uh to those who are streaming this service. Uh, we don't always know where you're from unless you tell us. But I saw we have saints in in Norway, in the Netherlands, in South Africa. Believers are gathered with us in Indiana, in Uganda, uh, West Africa. Praise God. Arkansas, uh, I'm just looking at those who mentioned their place. I'm thanking God for that. That's on YouTube. And then over here, Australia, wow, you're a long way away. South Africa, just across the river there. And and it goes on. Thank you for joining us this morning. I feel like God is here. His presence is with us. I wanted to thank you, and I didn't do it Tuesday night because I wanted to do it when more of you were here, but I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for the for the lunch, a picnic, lunch, uh, whatever you would call it. I did, some people said a party. Well, it wasn't really a party. Uh, it was just a a lunchon. How about that? Uh, I didn't wear a hat. You have to wear a hat if it's a party, I think. But anyway, uh the food was better than it usually is and it's usually mighty good, but there was there are those times that everything hits the spot. And Sunday, everything hit the spot. And people ask me, "What what are your favorite things that people cook?" I said, "Well, you can look at me and tell I like most all of it, but I do have some favorites. It's not a It's not a It's not a church gathering without Sister Jeffrey's deled eggs, but I call them angled eggs because I deal with enough devils in prayer. I don't need to. And Mimi's Mexican casserole. I got to have them. I've got to have Sister Alfreda Sauerkraut. And well, anyway, it goes on and Sister Laurel's cake. and uh she knows the way to to uh personalize it. It don't even need my name on it. Long as it has Butterfingers on it, everybody knows it's mine. Thank you all so much. Every card. Um I've always read every card. You can ask my wife. I've kept every card. I have them filed by year. You ever change your mind about me, I'm going to get yours out and read it to you. remind you what you used to think about me. But uh it just seemed like they meant so much. They they're you know I I know what it is. I'm getting you know what you know we don't have to finish the sentence. And everything means more. It just does. And uh Josiah handed me his and I read it and I cried and and then I read the next one and I cried and and I just said maybe I ought not to do this right now anyway. But it was a real real sweet blessing. I'm I was still getting cards and presents today. That's all right. It's only been two weeks since my birthday. That's all right. Keith, that's great. Anyway, I wanted to thank every one of you. I truly did. Uh you made it very special. I had so many texts and and uh and just all kinds of greetings. Thank you. Uh really I appreciate it. Uh this Tuesday, May the 6th, is Brother Eddie and Sister Janet Miller's wedding anniversary. And and I didn't write down how many, but I can I can look here real quick if you'll give me just a second. I I didn't write down how many, but they have been married a bunch of them. I mean, a bunch of years. Uh, this coming this coming uh Tuesday. I'm so sorry if you're in a hurry. Well, I don't know what to tell you. 53 53 years they've been married and we want to send a happy anniversary greeting to them today. Many miles from us, but we love them. [Applause] The next day is Wednesday, of course, May the 7th. And that is the day uh that uh there are there's a little maybe a little controversy over what day, but it's uh it's certainly the time to remember. How about that? But May the 7th every year, we remember that brother Brandham received his commissioning. Uh maybe it was in a cave, maybe it was in a cabin. Uh but nonetheless, it happened. He was commissioned. The proof of the commissioning was the fruit of the ministry. I might not know exactly the day or the hour, and there may be arguments over the location, but the reality is he was commissioned. How do you know that? Because I'm part of the fruit and I know that God certainly sent him. That's also a very good friend of mine has a birthday that day. Brother Wilson Henry, I'm going to spare him uh the number. I'm not going to tell anybody the number, but I I'll just tell you it is uh it's up there. And uh he has been an encouragement to me more over the last few years than ever before. And I appreciate that encouragement so much. And he not only sends me amens and text, but he also will look back through his notes. He has a long life of preaching and he looks back through his notes and shares nuggets to go along with mine. And I treasure them and I appreciate him and also sister Marlene and if they're streaming this morning, uh, I pray that you have a very blessed birthday. Brother Henry, God bless you so much. Thursday, May the 8th. Brother Brandham had that great experience in 1960 of going beyond the curtain of time. I'm looking forward to that. I'm looking forward to stepping there myself. That's also Jacob's birthday, sister uh Flo. So, we'll pray for Jacob uh that God will always have his way in his life. And then Saturday is Sarah's birthday. And she must have come at this time so that I would be able to announce her birthday. She made a long trip just to have a birthday greeting. But uh happy birthday to her uh on Saturday. And one more. I'm I'm sending some birthday love all the way to Japan. That's a long way from here. Saturday also, Sister Emiko's birthday. The first sister that we first Japanese sister that I ever baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Did you baptize others? Yes, I have. I've baptized quite a few I I think uh over 20 in in uh in Israel and uh that were from Japan. Many from from Singapore, many from Taiwan, but quite a few from Japan. But she was the first. And uh when you get a when you are a person living on the other side of the world in Japan and you get a revelation that you've not had the proper baptism, you get on an airplane and fly all the way to Alabama or Georgia to be baptized. you know, you've had a revelation and I send her lots of love and respect and honor. Uh, Sister Emo, God is good. I'm going to preach about three and a half hours today. No, maybe not. I just thought I'd say that for the visitors. I thought I but I forgot to look at the young man here to see if he was he going to pass out. Are you going to pass out if I preach that long? Listen, they tell me a good movie is three hours long. Uh, so if that's the case, then I have at least three hours to play with. I've been wrestling with the Lord, but I think I'm going to obey him. Sister, uh, Laurel, you you come back to the piano. Not that brother Kate is not very capable, but uh, he has a lot hanging in the balance. If he messes up, he might be single the rest of his life if he did throw the clay away. I don't know why Sister Laura looks so nervous because she has nothing to lose. Do you think you think Beth, what key is it? Uh, he didn't throw the clay away. Is it E flat? F. Is that where you are? Let's try it. Empty and broken. I came back to him. Tiffany, this is for you. a vessel unworthy and so scarred by sin. Oh, but he did not despair. He just started over again. And I bless the day he didn't throw the clay away. and over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a vessel of honor. I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay [Music] away. Now he is the potter and I'm just the clay. all molded in his image. He really wants me to stay. But when I stumble and when I fall and when my vessel breaks, oh, he just picks up all those pieces. He does not throw the clay away. Over and over. Are you singing it with me? He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. I wanted to sing this for her. He is the potter. I am the clay and molded in his image. He really wants me to stay. But when I stumble, I do. when I fall and when my vessel breaks. Oh, he just picks up all the broken pieces. He does not throw the clay away. Let me hear you sing it with me. Over and over. I don't know how many times he molds me. He makes me into his likeness. Oh, he fashions the clay of vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away of a soul of [Music] honor. I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Praise God. Aren't you glad he doesn't? He didn't. He kept us. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his [Music] name. Praise his name. Amen. I came back to him, the songwriter said, broken, empty, scarred by sin. He didn't despair. He didn't say, "What am I going to do with you now?" He just started over. I don't know how many times he's had to start over on me. But I'm so thankful that his mercy endures forever. Amen. Would you give God thanks for these musicians, leading of worship, all the [Applause] Stand with me and let's go to Daniel this morning in the Old Testament, chapter 2. It's been one month since we stepped away for a little season on our series concerning the spirit of offense. I've enjoyed the break. It was getting a little heavy. And I was hoping to take one more week and uh but he won two things. I I struggled yesterday uh wanting to go in a different direction and he kept pulling me and pulling me back and then in the night he he made it clear to me. I'm so thankful to have leadership. If I had to make the own my own decision all the time, I I know I would make the wrong one. I get sometimes paralyzed by the decision-making process. Do you? So, I'm always thankful when he steps in. He stepped in and and uh I'm going to obey him. And then the other thing was I woke up this morning singing. He didn't throw the clay away. And Tiffany was on my mind and I wanted to sing it for her. And then I thought, well, the hours, you know how you do. And and then I thought we were having another special song. And I thought, well, surely we won't have three. But anyway, uh I wish that we would just obey him, all of us, the minute he nudges us. But sometimes he has to nudge again. Um sometimes he has to do a little more than nudge. Some of us need a good kick in the seat of the pants sometime, but he knows how. Daniel 2 verse 21 and 22. And he changeth the times and the seasons. He removeth kings, and setth up kings. He giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding. We need to discover this morning who the he is. Because it is also stated in the book of Daniel and another place in scripture that the enemy seeks to change times and seasons for the wearing out of the saints. But it's not only the antichrist spirit that wants to change times and seasons. It it's also ultimately above all in God's hands. And he's the one who says, "Your trial is expired. I'm going to give you victory over it and move you on to the next one." You know, we don't always get deliverance out of a situation when we want it. But I'm telling you, he is the victor. And as long as you've got Jesus, you've got the victor. And that means the victory is yours because he won it on your behalf. But it's God who ultimately says, "Nope, another time around the mountain." That's right. You're not going into the promise just yet. The inheritance is not yours just yet. Circle around one more time. It's he him. It's him. It's him. It's God. It's not the devil. It's him. It's God. Your creator. He's the one. He removeth kings and setth up kings. The scripture says the the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord. Doesn't matter who the king serves. God knows how to move his heart. He's he's sovereign. But then in verse 22, it it says, "He, same God, revealth the deep and secret things. He knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him. He not only knows the unfathomable riches of of revelation and truth, those things that have not yet been revealed to us, made real to us personally. There are things in the message, I know you're standing, there are things in the message that have been taught to us from the scripture. Uh, and God has faithfully through the years quickened those things to make them personal revelations. You know, I'm not a person who can live my life based only on brother Random said. Brother Brandham said, brother Brandham said I have to find and see it as he taught us. He trained us to to look for it in the scripture. And when you can dovetail that thing together, then God starts revealing it to you personally. And and the Godhead is not something you just can can see because someone says it a certain way. It's got to be made personal. I think there are people around the message who don't believe that uh that we can have that that personal individual uh quickening of truth. But if we don't, we don't have anything to fight with. You can't fight with somebody else's revelation. You can only fight with yours. It's not a hope so or a maybe so or I think so. It has to be a no. in the last hour. I asked the Lord diligently yesterday afternoon, uh, why are you bringing me back? I'd like a a few more weeks of next weekend is Mother's Day, so we will maybe try to have something for the sisters and and and why don't we just wait till after that? Lord, why are you bringing it back? Bringing me back to it for this particular Sunday. I felt like the spirit of the Lord began to minister to me that it's because he is about to send a search light. I I appreciate that because the search light of his love, the spirit's light, the light of the Holy Ghost, he's about, I feel like, to send that again, another wave of that in our lives as individuals to to search out the things. If we're carrying scars or wounds or offense that we have not yet submitted to the blood of Jesus Christ, I believe God's not quite through digging. and he began to talk to my heart. Then in the late afternoon, uh I'm going to I'm going to show uh even the deep things that that people are yet carrying. And I'm doing it for my glory, not not to embarrass anybody or or to or to condemn. May I just say this to you that God's ultimate purpose in putting his finger on your life is always redemption. It's never condemnation. It's never to judge, condemn, or cause you to feel guilty. It's to cause you to feel convicted. And when you feel convicted, guess what you do? You cry out to him. And he gets to step in and rescue you and be a redeemer of that situation. It's God who reveals the deep and secret things, the truths, and also the dark things, the things that are weighing us down, the things that we may not even be aware of. He knows what's in the darkness and the light dwelleth with him. If you believe that, say amen. Father, thank you right now that you've given us another opportunity to gather around your word. We remind the atmosphere that Satan is defeated on every hand and the blood of Jesus Christ is against him and the grace of God has redeemed his people in this last hour. We are here to to be all that you have created us to be. We don't want to be anything other than what you desire for us to be. And we want you to turn uh as the old-timers used to pray, turn the search light of your love onto my soul and search me and know me and try me and find if there be any wicked way in me. If there's any unforgiveness in us, if there's any bitterness in us yet this morning, Lord, put your finger on it. And then give us the mighty grace that we're going to need, the amazing grace that we're going to need to repent and to move past it while reconstructing our future. We're thankful that because of you, our future is not determined by our past. Our future is determined by our revelation. So reveal to us again a new aresh today who we are to be and the purpose of your dealing with us. And we ask for this help in the mighty name, the exalted name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Yeshua, our Messiah. And the saint said, you may be seated. Uh God knows this is this is crazy. If you if you looked at this title, it takes a half a page to get all this in because we've got several series going at one time. This is part 24. I'm just telling you this for fun. This is part 24 of Above all else. And this is part 13 of the comprehensive teaching on the spirit of offense. And this is part three of the subtle spell. Now you know why I didn't particularly want to go back to it. uh the subtle spell how manipulation and control uh will enter through a place of offense in your life. We want to be free from uh all control other than his control where he leads me. That's where I want to follow. And I believe we have Holy Ghost leadership in this hour. He lives inside. He's not controlling us from the outside in, but he's rather controlling us from the inside out. And so I would like to just call this little section here uncovered by the word exposed by the light. I want you to remember that God knows what darkness tries to hide. There's it's the very nature of darkness to try to conceal something. But God's got an answer for it because he revealth the deep and secret things as we just read in Daniel 2:22. No plot is too hidden from him. No heart is too shadowed. No motive is too deeply buried. God is not intimidated by secrecy. It is his nature to be the revealer of secret things, good and bad and ugly. In Luke chapter 8, he gave me all of these scriptures last evening to sort of introduce where we're going this morning. So bear with me. Luke chapter 8 verse 16-18. No man when he had lighted a candle coverth it with a vessel or putteth it under a bed but setth it on a candlestick that they which enter in may see the light. Now I know that's just a simple analogy but I began to think of that. Uh imagine the electricity is off and the house is pitch black dark. It's amazing to me how dark a house can get when the power's off. And uh because there's not even the residual light of a of a of a modem or or uh something like that, you know, the VCR or whatever you might have uh that has a little light on it that we have air purifiers in our house and they have little lights on, but when the power is off, all those little blue lights are gone and it's dark and and it would be it would be so foolish of me, Aaron, to to say, "Well, we're going to light a candle. We've got drawers of candles for purposes like that and uh we're going to light a candle and I'm going to put it in the closet uh and and go sit in the living room. That wouldn't make a lick of sense and and you knock on the door and and it'd be dark in there and I'd say, "Well, come on in. I've got a candle in the closet." And and you would think I knew I knew he was slipping and now he's really slipped. What good does a candle in a closet do? And and and this is Jesus teaching red letter. And he said, "What man would light a candle and then and then put some kind of vessel on top, hide it under a bushel?" No. Or put it under a bed. Yeah, I've got a candle lit under my bed there. Uh so the so the dust bunnies can see their way around. No, that's not what happens. You take that candle and you light it and then you go put it in a prominent place so that it can shed maximum light. And and I'm thankful. You'd be surprised what one little skinny candle can do when it's dark. Well, God's got more than a little skinny candle. He's got a search light. And brother, when he turns it on us, we can feel the intensity of his eyes. Somebody said, I that old hymn uh that we used to sing in the red book creeps me out. Well, it don't creep me out. It encourages me. the old words, the song, uh, the words to the old song said, "There's an eye watching you." Somebody said, "That creeps me out." I said, "Well, creep out or not creep out, it's a truth. God's eye is on you. And if you have nothing to hide, you don't have to worry about his eye. The same eye that sees what's wrong in you is the same eye that watches for the fowler, for the destroyer, and gives you a warning when the enemy is coming. So where would we be without the watching eye of the Lord constantly watching over us, keeping us and also bringing things to our attention so no man hides the lie. He puts it out there in a prominent place so that they which enter in may may see the light. For nothing I want you to say nothing. The next verse nothing is secret. God knows. He know you are not hiding from him. And again that only brings a anxious feeling to you if you know you're not doing what you're supposed to do. Otherwise, you joy in the reality that he's taking care. Uh his eye is on the sparrow. Praise God. Well, I'm I'm I'm glad of that, but I'm more glad that his eye is on me, watching over me, protecting me, and also searching my motive. Because uh listen, I've told you before the word in Matthew chapter 7 where Jesus says, "Judge not that you be not judged." When we look at the root of the Greek that's used there in those verses, it tells us Jesus is telling us you are not to judge one another's motives. You can't help but see what people do. I mean, you're not blind and dumb. You see how people behave and you think, "My my, they need some help. My, they need the altar. My, they need some of that prayed off of them." But but and and and we can't help that. But what we can help is when we start saying, "I know why he really did that. I know why she really did that." Then you're judging motives. And there's only one one who is uh prepared and qualified and righteous enough to jud judge another man's intention or another man's motive and that is the Lord Jesus Christ. And he does that in this hour by the power of the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost inside of us. And how many of you know that little pinch? You know the little prick of the Lord. If you don't feel that, you're you're in trouble. You're cold. You're indifferent. You You're backslid. If you no longer feel the prick of the convicting of the Lord, something is out of sort. Something is out of order. If you can watch things you shouldn't watch and repeat things you shouldn't repeat, something's out of order. If you don't feel that little prick, it's not condemnation. It's it's his love that says, "Step up. You don't have to live below your privileges. My grace is sufficient for every trial. My grace is sufficient to get you through even the thorn in the flesh. The the lingering nagging thing that is put there to keep you from getting too much bride pride. And God said, "My grace will be sufficient for you even in that moment when you recognize that what you've been asking God to take away, he ain't." I said ain't on purpose. You begin to recognize some things aren't going to be taken away. They're there to limit and to help us. Even brother Brandham said, "God puts things on people sometime to judge them, to deal with their heart, to speak to them." And he said, "Uh, far be it from me to jump up and try to pray that off of them if God has put put it on them." We need to be able to recognize that there are certain things that God has placed on our life not to cause us to feel less than or condemned, but to give us something to reach for, to pull ourselves up a little bit higher. He's not going to do it all for us. He already has. He already has. If Brother Brooks was here, we'd get him to sing, "What more can he do? He's already made the way. He's already paved the way. He's already opened up the word. He's already made available to us everything we need to overcome everything that the enemy I tell you, I still believe. I still believe in total deliverance. I still believe that we serve a God who's able to give us total deliverance from anything and everything that weighs us down. I believe it. I believe it. Now sometime we try to hide it under the bed or we try to stick it in the back of the drawer or we try to close it put it behind a locked door. But I want you to know there's nothing in secret. Verse 17 that shall not be made manifest neither anything hid that shall not be known and come abroad. Verse 18 he said take heed therefore how you hear. Not just what you hear, how you hear. that that can mean so much. I've preached whole sermons on take heed how you hear. Uh you want to make sure that you hear it the way he's saying it, the way he's intending for you to hear it because otherwise it can put you in a tail spin of condemnation and hopelessness. But if you hear how if you hear it how he sends it, how he intends for you to hear it, it will only bring you to your knees. You'll humble yourself and you'll say, "Lord, I've done all I know to do. Do the best you can. I've done all I can. I've done the best I can. It doesn't seem yet to be enough. I need you, Lord. I need you." And you know, I believe he's waiting to hear that from all of us again and again and again. Can anybody squeeze out an amen? And then he gave me another place to read in Luke 12 verse 1 through3. And I want you to know, light doesn't hide things. The word exposes hypocrisy. Amen. Don't be surprised when the light reveals what's been lurking in the shadows. That's his job. He's doing it not because he hates you, despises you, wants to see you uh humiliated and fail. No, he wants to see you free from that. Totally free from that. Luke 12. In the meantime, when they were gathered together, an innumerable multitude of people, in so much that they trod upon one another, he began to say unto his disciples, first of all, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees. And then he defines the leaven of the Pharisees. And he says, which is hypocrisy. Now, let me tell you, hypocrisy is saying one thing. It'll get a little quiet here. I didn't call you one. You don't have to get quiet. No need. Pardon me. It's saying one thing and doing another. It's telling me to do one thing. I I live a certain and you live another way. It's pretending to be something that you're not. Jesus said that Pharisee spirit. Brother Brandham talked about the Pharisee spirit. That's a hard spirit. Uh because it is a religious spirit. It's a spirit that believes it truly believes that it's more righteous than anybody around. Amen. My my skirt is a little longer than anybody else's. My my this is that. I I don't I don't even have a I don't even have a Netflix registration. Well, good for you. But that doesn't make you any more sanctified than anybody else. That's not what it takes. It takes way more than that. For the bride, it is always matters of the heart. We hear brother Brandham preaching against things and if we're not careful, we will misunderstand the representation of those things. He preached against first and foremost the spirit behind something. He showed us things that we weren't hearing in the in the Pentecostal church. He showed us that there's a spirit behind just about everything. And and you've got to recognize that some things are rooted in rebellion. Although they're not what you would call rebellious natures or or rebellious behaviors, but that's where their root is found. Brother Brandham talks about uh from the scripture he talks about uh that that hour where people would be given to a strong delusion uh because they did not like to retain God in their knowledge and they're giving over to this place of having a repbate mind. Men burning in passion for men and women burning in passion for women. He is he took that and began to give us the root of the spirit of perversion. It's pride. It's pride. And if you don't believe that, all you have to do is wait till June and you'll hear it again and again and again and again and again. This is pride month because the root of perversion is pride. It so it's a heart issue. And when we discover the thing behind it, then we can have deliverance from the from the root cause, from the heart issue. And brother, when that happens, there's no more pleasure. There's no more there's no more satisfaction in in the rebellious behavior or in the perverted act. There's no more pleasure there because we realize that the root of it is gone. So what's the use? I mean, this is how it works. It has to work that way. It's not just stopping the behavior. It's dealing with the issue. Why is that there? and what can I do about it? Aren't you glad? All it takes is for God to turn the light of his church love on us and then he gives grace to do something about it. This is what he don't he he just has a real hard time with this. He's not a roller coaster God. He would rather you start slow and be steady than to run fast and get weary before you make the first curve. Right. Amen. Amen. He goes on this leaven of the Pharisees which is hypocrisy. For there's nothing covered that shall not be revealed, neither hid that shall not be known. Therefore, whatsoever you have spoken in darkness, you better hear this, shall be heard in the light, and that which you have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops. I'm telling you folks, hypocrisy has a countdown. The days that God lets his own people get by with that, saying one thing and doing another, those days are numbered. I'm telling you, he's going to have a victorious people. I I know that when you think about your own struggle, it seems so small and you feel so defeated, but you you need not because he's going to have a people that reign above it all. He's going to have a people that overcome every bit of that because the provision is already made for us. There's only one thing missing. We don't have enough of the revelation of who we are. That's right. Once we get it, he said it. Once you get that, I don't mean a surface revelation. But when you get a knowing of a knowing of a knowing, I mean it's all you see is who you are in him. When you get to that place, when I get to that place, there's nothing else can hold us back because we use the authority of who we are in him and we deal with things that need to be dealt with. May God give us grace not to give up until we approach that hour. Now, I know what they're preaching out there. It's all over. It's all done. It's all finished. And we're just waiting in the presence of the sun to get ripe. Well, I'll tell you something. It depends on how much water you had in you in the beginning. If you had too much water in you in the beginning, the sun will ha and the waiting in the sun will have an opposite effect. That's right. You'll rot. You've got to have the right amount of moisture in in the whatever in the pumpkin or whatever it is, sweet potato or whatever it is, so that while it's laying out ripening in the sun, it's not laying out rotting in the sun. A lot of people are rotting in the sun because they put everything behind us and they talk as though we're not even in a battle. But the last I heard him say is this is not a picnic, brother. This is a battlefield. And he even identified for us what the last battle was going to be. Where it was going to be fought. Isn't this where your battles are? Hello. All of them. All of them boil down to thoughts. All of them boil down to the battlefield of the mind. God give us grace. Let us catch a deeper glimpse of who we are because of who you are. Because of who he is, who that makes us, what he's done already in us and for us and through us. Gives us the faith to believe that there's nothing that he can't give us overcoming power over. Hypocrisy has a countdown. It's time to to to be honest with yourself and honest before the Lord and tell him, "I'm just not what I have thought I am, but I am depending on you and you called me." See, you better know he called you. You better understand that he saw you and he called you. He saw you and he chose you. And he didn't choose you because he intended to lose you. He chose you because he intends to finish you. Just a minute. Amen, brother. Because he is not just the author of our faith. But he is also the Is there anybody in this house that believes that God is a big enough God to finish what he started? Please don't live like you think he forgot you. No. No. No. No. You may have walked away from him, but he didn't walk away from you. He's waiting and ready to finish what he started. He doesn't only want you to have faith to start the race. He wants you to have completion faith, finishing faith, perfection faith. And the only way we're going to operate in the perfect faith is to operate in the perfect love. And it's coming. Now, I understand if you hear every Sunday that it's all behind us. No wonder you folks, no wonder folks get so discouraged and have to go to from meeting to meeting to meeting to meeting to meeting to meeting to meeting to hear the same preacher preach the same message. They're having to be reminded over and over and over and over again that it's all finished and done. There may be a reason for that. There may be a few things that we haven't seen in fullness yet. Amen. Right. There might have been another part of that Roman candle. There might have been some finishing faith promise for the end time. Hallelujah. Well, what's the holdup? Me? What's the hold up? You. We've got to deal with the issues of the heart. The issues of the heart are the battles of the mind. Same thing. I said the issues of the heart are the battles of the mind. And this is what we have to deal with. If you're still nurturing and nursing an offense that someone gave you yesterday, you're running late. What are you preaching this morning? The word. If somebody hurt your feelings yesterday and you have already uh uh reminded yourself of that and you stowed over it and woke up this morning thinking about it and came to church with that on your mind, what somebody said, what they did, well, how they looked, you're already defeating your own self. You are sabotaging your own victory. Well, well, do you think we ought to just be carefree? That's not what I said. But we are supposed to do this. Casting all Do you think God cares that you're hurt? He most certainly does. He may look at us sometime and think you're you're you're sure you sure are a big marshmallow. You you you you you do live a little bit like a hot house plant. He may look at us sometime like we certainly ought to be a little tougher than that by now, but he cares about our hurts and he cares about our wounds. And that's why he tells us again today, casting, are you with me? Casting all of your cares on me. He said, why? Because I want to be in your business. Yes, that's exactly what he's saying. I want to be in your business. I want to know what you're suffering with. I want to understand how you feel. You see, we do not Hebrews said we do not have a high priest that cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. You see, Jesus has dealt with that woman, too. The one that hurt your feelings. He knows her. He knows that too often she talks before she thinks. God knows that man, that one in your family that keeps stepping all over you. God knows he has to deal with him, too. And he cares that you've been wounded. And he cares that you've shed a tear. And he cares that you feel like you've lost a little blood. But he tells you what to do. And it's up to you to do it. Right. Casting all your cares. I'm preaching this morning. Casting all your cares on me, for I care for you. Get rid of it. Get it over on me. It's overwhelming to you. It overpowers you. It seems at times to overcome you. I guarantee you it won't overpower him. I guarantee you it won't overwhelm him. I guarantee you he can handle it. But he wants you to get it off of you as fast as you possibly can. Today's another day. Yes, sir. You ought not to lick them twice. You licked your wounds yesterday, you ought not to lick them today. It's another day. You You must live in a bubble. Oh, no. I don't live in a bubble. I see and hear and observe and discern more than most people around me. I know a lot of things that are never told to me simply because I I've been listening to him a long long time. I can sense and feel and sometime I miss things often I have. I'm not saying I'm not trying to say I'm big somebody. I'm just telling you that I I understand uh I get I get feelings too. Right. I I see things, hear things that make me feel a little hurt, a little tender, that remind me of things I want to forget. You ever been there? But I lick my wounds yesterday. And I moved on. I've pressed on. There's a prize hanging out there at the end of this race. Amen. Yes. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm fixing. I I just think I want to bless my critics. I think I'm going to give them some. Sometimes we ought to just give our little critics nuggets to criticize. Seems like for years now, journalism has won the day. All you know is fake news. It gets faker as it goes along. They they don't tell the truth. They don't tell the truth about what's going on in Israel. Our little friend in Israel who's constantly reporting and helping us all to keep up with what's going on over there. He mentioned this. He started off with a little report. I'm sure it shocked a lot of people as they woke up this morning. A little news report that said a ballistic missile has hit uh JFK or whatever airport was. I don't remember which one he chose. a ballistic missile has and the in the United States and we're waiting to hear how the United States is going to respond because now they have crossed over into our territory and shot at one of our airports and he said, "Oh no, I meant Benurian airport." You get the point? If it was if it was JFK, they'd be scrambling fighter planes. Even our nation sleeps while Israel is losing. Come on. And it seems like they lie. You You've got these nutcases standing up on top of the college uh uh statues, you know, screaming free Palestine. They they don't even know where it is. They couldn't even put their finger on it. the gossip strip on a map and you ask them free them from what? Well, well well I well well well seems like journalism uh it molds and shapes the thoughts of a woke society. But I want you to know journalism lost. I'm going to give my critics something. Guess what? Guess what horse won the uh Kentucky Derby. No, I wasn't there. And no, I don't drink mint jeulips or wear fruit in my hat, but I have watched that a time or two through the years to see or have read who won. I have watched it. Uhhuh. God talked to me through silly things like that. And I thought as as I only learned yesterday morning who was involved. Didn't even know. Hadn't followed it. I'm not a big sports fan of any kind. But and I didn't know till yesterday afternoon when Luke or Nathan was talking and they told me that every horse, now this got me moving, that every horse that was running in the Kentucky Derby yesterday was a direct descendant of Secretariat. Every one of them. And it can be proven. And I went and did the research on one and and and found out exactly how in fact the horse that did win was related to secretariat by his mother and his father. Interesting. But far enough along that there was no clashing of the of the genetics. And you know how we have felt about secretariat when the scripture talks about I will run in the ways of thy commandments for thou hast enlarged my heart. Here comes this horse winning triple crown coming from nothing to everything. And they find out after he dies, they do an autopsy and he had a heart so grossly enlarged that the doctors stand and they say that's like a motor and nobody put that in there but a creator. It's not a genetic anomaly. It was something that that that a creator did. Why? Same reason why he gave the giraffe a crazy long neck. It pleased his heart to give that champion a champion's heart. So I said, as I learned who was running the race, I said, "Oh Lord, I'm tired of journalism winning the day and fake news and false reports swaying the attitudes of the people. I'd like to see something." And I begin to skim the line, the list. I said, "Mhm. Some of them are just foolish names, silly." Oh, there's one I can relate to. Sovereignty. I said, I found one I can relate to. Sovereignty. And indeed, sovereignty won the day. So for me, not for you, I'm not preaching this is some doctrine, but for me, I said instead of journalism ruling uh the day, sovereignty is going to rule the day. And I know the sovereign Lord. I know who he is. And I know that he has a plan. And I know that Satan can't stop the sovereign will and the sovereign mind of God from coming to pass in your life. Not just mine, your will. Your life. God has a will. God has a plan for you. And it's not to leave you in hypocrisy. It's to get you out of that mess. And the leaven of the fair. Are you there? And one more. Well, actually, there's two more. And I And I hadn't preached a sermon yet. This is the introduction. 1 Corinthians 4:5 and 6. Therefore, judge nothing before the time. Oh, this is big. I could really preach this. We we're we're impatient sometime. And we want to pull things out of God's allotted season with our grumbling or with our faith. Sometime our faith even. But but the scriptur is clear. judge nothing before the time until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counselss of the hearts. And then shall every man have praise of God. There's things you'll never be able to sort out or figure out or judge them properly with half the story, but you leave it to God. He knows the ins, the outs, the ups, the downs. He knows everything exposed and everything hidden. He knows it all. So you leave everything in its proper time and season. He said, "And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes." And if you look at that in the original language, it says, "This is why we have set this example before you, that you might learn in us, not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up, for one against another." The ground is level at the foot of the cross. We have all been sinners. I notice they sometimes still sing the song around us, uh, I I am a sinner saved by grace. Brother Brandham said, "That's impossible." They sing it, but he said that's impossible to be a sinner and to be saved by grace at the same time. You was a sinner. You might say you were a sinner, but now you've been saved by grace. Does that mean you never fall? No. It doesn't mean you never fall. Doesn't mean you never fail. That's right. Doesn't mean you don't ever need his grace again. I need his grace every single day of my life. But what it means is I'm not a sinner anymore. I'm not in a place of willful sin anymore. I'm not in a place of intentional unbelief anymore. I know better. I know what the word has said and I know what I don't see. God knows how to uncover it. If you're still here about 46 minutes into this, if you're still here, say amen. Amen. God even judges what I can't see. He deals according to what he sees. And he alone reveals the motives of the heart. Now, here's the last scripture to introduce this as we go on. Hebrews 4:1-16 said, "Let us labor therefore," I'm not going to talk about that. I love to talk about this verse, but I won't. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief, speaking about the children of Israel. For the word of God is, you all say it, quick, powerful, and sharper than a two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of mind, will, and emotion and spirit, soul, and spirit. If you listen carefully to what the prophet tells us, he says that that spirit in you existed before you because that spirit I know that they do teach it a little different now but that is what he said. uh because that spirit came from God. Other times he would say that it was the soul that came from God. So we go back and see what the scripture said. And the scripture tells us that we are made up of body, soul, and spirit. There's the answer. The bi Bible tells us in the book of Genesis that that he created a body of the dirt. In fact, the name Adam is a Hebrew word for red dirt. Red earth. So from the red earth of Alabama, we got a lot of it. Amen. God made Adam and named him red dirt. He's the red dirt man. And uh then it says that God did what? He breathed ruach spirit into Adam. And when God breathed into Adam the ruach, the breath of life, the ha of God, that's the very thing that changed Abram to Abraham. It was the It is the breath of God, the high that breathed life into him. and said God breathed breath into the nostrils of Adam and he became a living soul. So you tell me which was which part was before Adam? It was the breath. It was the spirit. And brother Bram tells us that it was the spirit that existed before. And now our spirit that we were born with was different than the one Adam received because our human spirit had fallen. So we already had judgment on our spirit by the time we were born. That's what the scripture said. Because we were born in sin shapen in iniquity like David. That's what the scripture tells us. We had to have a regeneration. We had to have a resurrection in our spirit. And there's only one thing that can regenerate a fallen human spirit and that's the eternal spirit life of almighty God. The prophet tells us it's Zoe. That is life that never passes. It can never pass away. And he taught us that the only way we can live forever, the only way that we can have eternal life is to have Zoe life living inside of us. If you believe that, say amen. Otherwise, the scripture tells us the soul that sinnth it's the life of God in you that makes you an eternal soul. Praise God. The word works. We just take it right back to what the scripture said. And my does it ever unlock for us because of this message. Thank you, Lord, for sending this message. Let us labor therefore to enter. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder. Because sometimes we don't know what is soul life and what is spirit life. Soul is mind, will and emotion. Is that coming from my mind? Is that coming from my will? Is that coming from my emotion? Or is that coming from the Holy Ghost in me? The life of God. And sometimes we we just aren't quite sure in our human condition. We're not quite sure. Is this me talking to me or or is this the Holy Ghost in my in my fallen human spirit now made alive with anastasis resurrected alive? Is that God in me talking to me? And so there's only one way to know the difference. Only one way. And here is the way. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of the will of the emotion, the will of the mind, the will of the soul and of the spirit. The word of God will help us discern if we go back to that word, go back to the word, go back to the Bible. It is a new book. It is not the book of our Sunday school. It's not the Bible of our Sunday school as children. It's not the Bible that we held in our hand under the devotionals of of of children in all kinds of denominational places. And I it's a it's a different Bible. Somebody said, "What in the world do you mean by that?" Because the Holy Ghost of God has unlocked it for you and I. That's what the opening of the word has done. It it it's the same King James version that we hold in our hand, but we look at it differently and we discern it differently and we understand it differently because God has sent a message to tie together all the loose ends. So really we can see the only way to know what's of the will, the human will, what's of the human emotion and what is of spirit truth is let that word of God come and settle the issue. And that means if you can't find it in the book, if you can't find it in the Bible, you might just leave it where it is on the shelf until you can find it in the word. It doesn't mean it's not there. It means you've not yet been able to place it there. You've not been able to find exactly where that fits the word. Uh uh but you you're not going to be able to do that on a once a week kind of thing with him. It's going to have to be a daily learning and discerning this word. No wonder he told us read our Bible every day. I want to say that again before you go to start going to sleep in here. Uh I want to say that again. He told us that we should read our Bible every day. Is that so we're robots? No. It's so that we can be overcoming Christians. This word of God is a discerner like that and searches out some pretty deep things in us. I'm so thankful. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight. But all things are naked and open under the eyes of him with whom we have to do. 1253. I'm all right. Seeing then that we have a great high priest. Yes. Praise God. Praise God. That is passed into the heavens. Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession. He said the prophet told us profession and confession same thing. What we profess is what we confess. And we better be careful what we confess because that's what God is obligated to. That means we we better be careful what we say because God has obligated himself to what we say. That's what he taught us. You've heard the sermons, haven't you? He said that's what goes out. That's what that's what rings in the heavens. Now, that is part of learning who you are. When you start getting a deeper revelation of who you are, you're going to be a little more careful of what comes out of your big old mouth. Cuz you understand there's a high priest up there serving you. Praise God. He serves us. He promised he would. We have not. He goes on, "Let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but within all points." Let's say all points. All points. All points tempted like as we are. Brother Brandham said that's everything. Alcohol, everything. He named them. Name some things. He told him, don't you think that's not all? It's all all means all here. He was tempted yet without sin. If he had not been tempted by everything that could possibly tempt you, he could not have been the high priest that God intended for him to be. So, he had to be tempted in all manner yet without sin. And because of that, because he was tempted and overcame without sin, because of that, let us therefore, it's one on top of the other. Let us therefore come how? Embarrassed, ashamed. We would we would come embarrassed if we came with our own merits. if all we had to present was us in our fallen nature. But that's not what we come with. We come boldly unto the throne of grace with the lamb, with the blood of the lamb, with the sacrifice, with the offering of the lamb. It's not the It's not the worshipper that is received or rejected. It's the offering that's received or rejected. So if you come with the works of your flesh, if you come with a product of your loins like Abraham tried to do when he was helping God out, God made him a promise. And Abraham or Yes. had an idea. It was an idea, not a revelation. It wasn't from the same God who talked to him. This was from his own mind, will, and emotion. And it sounds just like a man. He said, "Well, I think I've got a way to figure this out." He said, "I'll just go in unto my maid here, your maid, Hagar, and she will have a son, and God will then re receive that son, and he will be the heir of the promise. He'll be the one that receives the inheritance." Sarah was all for it until she wasn't. All for it until she wasn't. Oh, I could say some things, but I understand because all of a sudden the step got fixed. You know the step that Sarah had been asking Abraham to fix for months and Abraham, I'll get to it, honey. I'll get to it. I'll get to it, sweetheart. I'll get to it next week. Next week. Next time I have a day off. I'll get to it. I'll get to it. I'll get to it. Well, all of a sudden when Hagar started swelling up and she was going to have to go up and in and out of that place, Abraham got the hammer. Aren't you adding to the word? Well, I don't mean to be. I'm giving you food for thought. And now all of a sudden, the step gets fixed. And you know those favorite things, those favorite spices that we like on our on our goat? Well, we've been out of them for a while. and Sarah had been saying to Abraham, "Sometime when those merchants come through here, wish you trade a little bit of this we don't need and get us some of that beautiful saffron that comes out of the orient." And Abraham said, "Well, I'll do just that." And one merchant came by and the next merchant came by and the next merchant came by and Sarah never even heard. Abraham asked if they had this beautiful saffron. But all of a sudden, one day they're all sitting around the fire and Hagar says, "You know, I've just been having a taste. I've been having a craving for that flavor of that beautiful saffron that we had one time that came to us from the Orient. I I wished I could. And the next thing you know, the next merchant comes by and Abraham's standing at the road waving him down, buying the saffron because he saw something growing. It was his seed. It was a product of his mind, his idea and his loins. And you see be but let me tell you something. And there came a time that that child was born. Sarah got pretty miffed. She went along with it. Now, she didn't go along with it. The baby's born. Everything's okay until Isaac is being celebrated one day. And there stands Hagar and Ishmael and there's a little mocking going on. Brother, that's when Sarah went into mama bear mode. She come flying down through there and she said, "Let me tell you something right now. That woman is not going to mock. I'm not going to let her stand in the back of the crowd with that boy of hers and yours and mock. You're going to have to drive her away. And that's exactly what Abraham had to do. And I'm telling you something, it was very easy for Sarah to say, "Let him go." But it was very hard for Abraham to say, "Let him go." Anybody following me? So, let me tell you something. And what Abraham did by taking his own son up on that mountain, he'd already won a victory in the other situation. Now he's going, it was big. What God was requiring of him was big. When your when your mistakes start raising up to mock your miracles, right? That's when you finally decide. Why didn't you decide to do something about it until now? because it seemed like a good idea when you're thinking with your head and with other things. But when you begin to see the reality of the mocking and the carrying on and the strife that goes on between the flesh and the spirit, then you start all of a sudden deciding, I've got to deal with it. When your mistakes start mocking your miracles, that's when you realize, I have got to do something about my problem. And that's what I'm preaching on today. And it doesn't matter to me whether it's something connected to lust or whether it's connect something connected to jealousy or whether it's something connected to bitterness or whether it's something connected to this one thing or the other. I can almost show you through the scripture that every bit of it goes back to the root of offense. You let something or somebody offend you and you nursed it longer than we should have. and it began to grow into something else. And the only way we're going to get total victory of everything else that's haunting us is to go back to the root of the problem and let Jesus do something about it. Well, I won't feel good enough. I won't feel free from that until I see the person who did me wrong suffering. Well, brother, let me tell you something. That'll never work. The Bible said, "Vengeance is mine." When we start looking at one another and start thinking, "I wished he'd get." I mean, believers do it. Woo! I've heard it. Blood brothers do it. Blood sisters can do it. Church family can do it to one another. I'll be glad when I finally see him beginning to get what he deserves for what he did. Something's bad wrong. We ought to be pulling for one another now. Amen. Anybody here? [Applause] We ought to be pulling for one another, not against one another. That word of God is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Let me tell you, it cuts deeper than what we want to admit. And we are laid open before a merciful high priest in this hour. All things are naked and open under the eyes of him with whom we have to do. The same light that exposes sin. It's the same light that invites us to the throne of grace. The difference is when you recognize you are his. When you know who you belong to. Now let me have a few more minutes. Now all of that being said, this was the answer. That was the answer. Lord, why are you taking us back to to this series on on the heart and on the spirit of offense? And he gave me every one of those scriptures. And and that was the reason why because it is his good pleasure to deal with every part of who we are so that he has preeminence for our tomorrow. I I want that. I told you last Sunday I mean it. I want to fall in love. I want to spend every day of the rest of my life falling in love with Jesus more and more and more. I want to love him until I love him more than anything else or anybody else, any hobby, any habit, any family, I want to love him until I love him more than anything else. And in order to do that, I've got to make room for him in my own heart. And I'm going to have to forgive. I'm going to have to forgive family members. We are We're going to have to forgive one another living in the same house. We're going to have to forgive church folks and church hurts and wounds because there's a spell that's got a hold of people in this hour. And I I uh one month ago I I talked to you about it. Galatians 3:1. Look at it with me just quickly. I I'll take a few more minutes. He said, 'Oh foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you that ye should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth crucified among you. We look at that word bewitched. It means exactly what you think it would. It it means under the influence. Uh the word in the Greek is baso and it means to bring evil on one by feigning praise or an evil eye to charm to bewitch. It means to use like curious arts. The word translated here bewitch signifies affecting the eyes or spoiling the sight. So the apostle is saying to the church at Galatia, somebody has rendered you blind. You have fallen under the spell of not being able to discern properly your own situation. It is as though you have fallen under the spell of a witch. This is what Paul is saying. It's big. It's pretty serious. He said, "So that men cannot discern an obvious object in a due position." I I stand amazed. I do when I see sometimes what parents give their children to play with. Right? I look at them sometime and I think I I I once wrestled something that looked like that in the spirit all night long. You think I'm crazy? And there Hollywood has hatched it. Yeah. And kids want to watch it and they want to hold it and they want to play it. I wonder sometime if we are not a bit bewitched. I wonder if something hasn't affected our sight sometime. We don't want to be paranoid and we don't want to be somebody that looks for a demon under every rock, but we want to be a a sharp people because the word of God is sharp, quick, powerful, and we want to be able to recognize. Now, was I a little over the top? Probably. I I probably was. Benjamin played us a clip one time of a Christian comedian who was telling about all the words that he wasn't allowed to say as a kid. And my kids were laughing and they were having the best time because everything that he was told not to say, they weren't allowed to say. There's just certain things that once you understand what they mean and what they're connected to, you would want to separate yourself from. I would think. I would think so. And so, was I a little over the top? I probably was. Our girls, when they were little, they didn't play with Barbie dolls. There was a reason for it. I did not want them to think that Barbie is the model for the average American woman. Because those Barbie days last about 18 months, 24 months. A woman will rise to the top of the fashion industry and the modeling industry and she's the perfect tan or the perfect seven or whatever. They they they kind of fluctuate with the numbers and so forth. And the world looks at them and all little girls who have a little pudgy because they're they haven't uh hit hit enough through puberty or or haven't learned to to deal with those kinds of things in a in a maybe better diet or a little more exercise. They look and they see that and they think I'll never be I'll never be enough. I'll never measure up. I'll never be able to to look like that or to be be like that. And we can say to them all day long, why would you want to? And it doesn't solve the problem if we keep setting those things up before them as an example of what average women should be. Hello. And finally, they've got they've got a Barbie with darker skin and they've got a an Asian Barbie and they've got a Barbie in a wheelchair. Finally, why don't you make a Barbie that's had four babies? See, so I might have been a little over the top, but I wonder sometime what has affected people's spiritual eyesight that they can't see the spirit behind certain things. And we won't even talk about Disney. But they're finding out there's certain things that don't need to be rewritten and made modern and made woke. They just fail. Certain things just leave them as they are. Oh my. Who hath seduced you? Who hath so corrupted your understanding that your actions are as unaccountable as the effects of witchcraft? The word rendered hath been evidently set be set forth properly to write before and then to announce beforehand in writing or to announce by posting up on a tablet. The apostle Paul is not saying that the church in Galatia was visited by witches. He's saying that they have become bewitched. They have allowed something to cloud their perception, their discernment. They've disrupted their obedience. It has obscured their vision of the cross. This is not fantasy. It's witchcraft through offense, pride. Can you read the rest? And soish manipulation. I'm not going to let you leave here without knowing a little of what that looks like. In 1st Samuel chapter 15 verse 23, for rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. It's all right to be steadfast. But there's a difference in being steadfast and obstinate. There's a difference in being steadfast and argumentative. There's a difference in being steadfast and always having to exercise and usurp your authority. Flaunt it. I'm deeply concerned about a relationship between a man and his wife if he has to constantly remind her I'm the [Music] man. Why are you Why are you going back into it? because he says it matters. He said, "I'm going to turn some light on things and I'm doing that so that those things can be extracted from our heart and we can get the the the deliverance, the total deliverance that the message is promised through the scripture over everything. I want it. I don't just want it for myself. I want it for you. I woke up this morning with some of you my mind. I want your deliverance. I want your victory. I want to see you above your struggle. In order to do that, we've got to we've got to see some things extracted. We can't extract what we don't see, what we don't recognize. We can't perform ask God to come and perform surgery if we don't know what to what needs to be taken. Of course, we say, "Lord, take out of me, whatever." But what I find in that prayer is if if he takes something out of us and we don't even know what it is, how do we know when it creeps back in? So God, I don't want you just to help me get out get it out of me. I want you to show me where it is, where it started, and how I can make sure that I never let that thing live in me again. Rebellion doesn't always shout rebellion. If a man has to keep saying to his wives, I'm the man. I'm the husband. There's been a lack of communication already because he was there, she was there, they heard, they heard what the preacher said. They've read what the scripture said. There's something wrong with somebody who has to keep reminding their companion. A wife should never have to say to a husband, "Hey, you're the husband. You're the head of the house. Why don't you head the house? Somebody help me. We ought to know and do what you're going to do when the children raise up and say, "I'm I'm ready for you to be my mama now. Daddy, I'm ready for you to be a daddy now." Well, that'd be rough. That'd be hard to swallow. Come on. That'd be really something to have to deal with. So, we find that offended hearts are fertile ground for this kind of witchcraft to operate in us. And here's the three here three different ways. Manipulation, which is emotional control, domination, which is relational control, and intimidation, which is spiritual control. And all of these things are rooted in offense. These are the three pillars of witchcraft, how it operates. This is not about black magic. This is not about Ouija boards. This is not about spells. This is about the other kind of witchcraft that the Bible talks about, the bewitching kind. The kind that affects our discernment, the kind that affects our spiritual eyesight. And these things show up not just in the occult, but in the church, in homes, in marriages, and in pullpits. And we have to be aware of it. I want you to show them here. We're we're nearly done for today. I want you to show them the the little chart that we ended with one month ago. The demonic progression. I want you to see how things operate. Look, we could never ever yield to offense if we didn't already have a measure of pride operating in us. Now, I know that is offensive. I know that there's something in me, something in you that wants to say, "Hey, I I'm the one offended." And now you're blaming me because I'm the one offended. But the reality is, in order for you to have an offense, to take on an offense, you have to think of yourself more highly than you should because Jesus said you're going to see offense. Jesus promised it. Red letter. Don't you think that you're going to escape offense? Offense is going to come. He said, Right? Just don't be the one who brings it. He said it would be better, a paraphrase, but he said be better then for a millstone to be tied about your neck and you cast into the depths of the sea than to hinder one of my little ones. He said never offense is coming, but don't you be the one doing the offending. You understand? So you start thinking, you know, well, I mean, I deserve better treatment than that. I I I mean, I do. I I I I do. I I ought not to be talked to that way. I ought not to be treated that way. There's nothing wrong with the truth of that statement. You shouldn't have to be mistreated. But the reality is it's life. Oh, don't get too quiet. It's just life. Iron sharpeneth iron. You put hot, hungry, tired, weary people in life together. It don't matter how much square footage they have in the house. You You're going to offend. You're going to say the wrong thing. You're going to say something you wish you hadn't said. We ought to be more and more careful about it. But it's going to happen. And it's only pride that causes us to carry over tomorrow what somebody said to us or how they treated us. Are you here today? It's that little bit of pride. It's self-preservation. I don't want you to think that it's evil. But I want you to understand that if you if you didn't have that little bit of I've been wronged and I and I ought not to be wronged, it's the same kind of spirit that tells you you deserve the whole chocolate cake because you've been through some troubles this week. It's the same devil that told me this week, I I for all the trouble I've been through, I ought to eat the whole strawberry cobbler. Nobody else likes it in my house anyway. But I couldn't do such a thing. That's self sabotage. Look, I did. I'll be honest with you. I'm I'm showing you my little pride. I thought this has been a week. Can't everybody just simmer down just a little? Can't you just simmer just a tad? And and you know, but it's our pride that makes us feel that way. And when we have that residual pride, then we have probably experienced along the way rejection. Is there anybody here? Don't raise your hand. Is there anybody here that's never felt the sting of rejection? It started in grammar school for some of us. Do you love me? Check yes or no. And I'm I'm hurrying. I'm hurrying. And some little old dark darkheaded doeyed girl said, "No." I don't know how I did it, but I had a girlfriend in kindergarten, so I didn't get rejected in kindergarten. Her name was Gracie. It didn't go very far. She forgot me by the first grade. But everybody has experienced some rejection. It hurts. It stings. We don't like it. How many of you know, don't raise your hand. We don't like it. Let let me show you how it manifests that we don't like rejection. You let somebody come along and ignore the fact that you're standing in the line and step ahead of you without saying, "Are you in the line?" And you start coughing, sneezing, huffing. Let me let me show you [Music] you and talking to your young. I guess we're invisible. And the little child is said, "Sh, mama, [Music] please, daddy, please." And you're saying, "I I guess I guess it just ain't our day. Don't matter how long we've been standing here." Look folks, that is you are registering the fact that you have dealt with rejection. You didn't quite get over it and now you take everything as a personal attack. This is how we do in life. I'm not throwing this on you. This is us. This is how our mind, our brain, our emotions process life. And th this is proof in the pudding right there. Maybe they didn't see you. Maybe they didn't know where the line formed. It's possible. And and and did you did you think to notice that you have bought out the store? You've got two buggies full. You look like the dugger mama going through Walmart holding on to two carts and that one that stepped in front of you has got one gallon of blue bell. You ought to give anybody that likes blue bell a pass. But there's something. Don't go to Israel. You You won't survive one day in the real world. If you're on a tour, you might get by, but you'll never survive one day in the real world. When we were conducting business and things like that there, oh my goodness, they'll put their sandals in the in the line, take their shoes off their stinky feet and put their sandals in the line and go sit down. You better not step over that sandal. That sandal represents a person. You've not been to town unless you have been elbowed, bumped, knocked, spit on. They get really upset. Why? Because rejection is all they've ever known. It's not all been dealt with. That's why so much of the Israeli society is secular. It's because they struggle with all of those emotions and it's holding them back from accepting the only thing that can offer them hope. You and I have experienced measures of rejection from parents from generations before us on our job, our school life, our work life. And now we see everything as a personal assault and we catch offense like fly paper. And the problem with someone dealing with the residual of pride a spirit of rejection and now you add to that offense. The problem with that is then we become the magnet and we draw it. We act so can I use a virgin? Can I say quir? We act so quir, so strange, so odd, so awkward. We we we we walk in a room and we just know that somebody's going to reject us. So we walk in like we are need a straight jacket and so everybody in the room pulls back. Oh my I don't know what to say. Sometimes the devil tells you they don't like you, they don't love you, they hate you. And and if you could that's what the devil is saying to you. if you could hear what the devil is saying to them. If you say anything, you're going to say the wrong thing cuz you know how easily offended she is. So you better be careful what you say. So he works on both ends of the line. And and and here's the reality. You know how to fix that? We awkward ones ought to walk into a room and hug somebody. How y'all doing? It it can shift the atmosphere of awkwardness just by making up your mind. You know, it don't really matter to me if everybody here in this affair wants me [Music] here. I I was invited. Let's just use a little birthday party or something like that. Uh, you know, I I somebody might look around say, "What in the world are you doing here?" I mean, this don't happen. If it if it if it did, well, I would be quick to tell them. Why are you here? I was invited. Were you invited? Well, then that's why we're here. Settled it. Or I I might just say, you know, it's like the Lord. He created things for his pleasure. I'm here cuz I thought I might want to be and I just said I'm coming. Then there's no there's no offense. He didn't mean that. She didn't mean that. It didn't come out right. That's not what they meant. I've talked to to you about people missing church and you meeting them at the door. Where have you been? You think that makes anybody want to be at church? Where have you? I've been wondering where you was. I'm almost done. About time you showed up. That's how Brother Tmaine I love him. God rest his weary soul. That's how he met people at the front door. You ought to be a little bit like my mother. She'd say, "Ken, if you say that to me again, I'm going to slap you right here in the church. Back up. I don't have to ask you for permission to miss a service. Well, you'll diffuse it. He didn't mean I can't believe you had the nerve to show up. He meant my It's good to see you. We've been wondering if you was okay. It's But he didn't say that. Do you understand? We don't always say what we mean because we don't know what to say. It comes out crazy. Sister Flo, sometime I want to get my words back and chew them up and swallow them. But you can't always do it. I have to go back around some. And maybe that did I didn't I don't know if that come out like a minute or not. Have you ever had to do that? So if if we can just understand that every one of us uh is in this family of God because he called us and there's no pride in it that would make us feel like we're better than anybody else. And and if you think you don't deserve to be hurt, then you raise yourself up above the human race. Cuz everybody gets it. And everybody faces a little rejection along the way. And I will admit that some have way more of it than others, but this is not a contest to see who can carry the most rejection. And then you let that offense and you start drawing it. And you know, I've my mother I meant I mean, as she got a little older and her mind started playing tricks on her and all, things would offend her and and she you you could not talk her out of it. her fears lessened and her offenses were worse as as Alzheimer's began to settle in. But you're not there yet and I'm not there yet. By the grace of God, I don't want to be and don't have to be and neither do you. But this is just how it works sometime. But but there are people who wouldn't say back to brother Tmaine, uh, you know, none of your business. What do you write in a book to you people that don't know how to make friends? Somebody would say things like this. One one one time mother had a purse and it was a lot. It It had big big circles on it and they were kind of iridescent. It was a lot, but it wasn't smart to meet her at the door and say, "My, that is a strange looking purse." Especially if you don't have much fashion sense and you've proven it through the years. These are always the most verbal ones. The ones who tell us we don't match. Watch them. said, "My, you sure do have that sort of a strange looking purse or gaudy or whatever the word was." That was mother's favorite word was gaudy. And that might hurt your feelings and you put that purse up and never wear it again, but not her. She said, "Well, good. I didn't buy it for you, and now I know I won't have to give it to you cuz you don't like it." So, it didn't bother her. But there are people in this church that if somebody met you at the door and said, "Woo, I know where you've been shopping lately. You You'd be offended." So, you got to make up your mind. I know. I know this is a We're laughing. But I know I know I've been around people all my life, haven't you? And I know us. And and you don't always know who can handle it and who can't. And everybody's not always going to be like my mother, just aggressive back and say things like that. They're they're not. That was her rejection. That was what she had gone through in life. That was how she had responded to problems that made her tough and made her make up her mind. Uh you can only make me feel that way if I let you. That's right. We ought to have a redeemed version of that. I'm going to church. I'm going to serve the Lord. I'm going to live my life. I'm going to do the best I can. And if you don't like me, brother, that's your problem. Don't have an ugly spirit. Don't do it with bitterness. Don't do it with ugliness. But make up your mind that you're not going to let that offense turn to bitterness. Amen. Everybody couldn't have her. She was just one. Everybody couldn't have her. Who's her? Any any female. We only have so many young eligible girls through the years and so many young eligible boys. And everybody couldn't have him. I I know that there are some who would like to bring him back and give him to me, but I don't want him either, you know. You wanted him then, but there's always the one that everybody wanted and but only one could have. And stand up, shake it off, move on. God's got you. God's got you. Amen. God's got you. The way I see some people behaving, I wouldn't chase you either. If I was a single man, I got all the trouble I need. Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you know where I'm coming from? Did you ever think about the fact that you may be putting off something? You don't have to. You can heal. You can heal. I know the healer. Oh, I know the great physician. I know the one who has the bomb. Who is the bomb of Gilead? He cares. He loves you. So, so here's here. Oh my. So, then offense starts moving into bitterness, which which always uh moves into unforgiveness. Bitterness and unforgiveness are twins. They work together. I'm not going to forgive. I'm never going to forget. I'm never going to forgive. And the next thing you know, that spirit starts moving into control. I'm going to start trying to control the situations around me so that I don't feel the rejection and the offense. Come on now. And when that thing starts moving through witchcraft like that, seducing, then jealousy and envy and accusation takes over and the and the final step is isolation and division. Nobody loves me. Everybody hates me. I'm going to just sit at home and eat worms. They hate me over there. I I hate the devil. I hate how he makes people feel. So, uh, as a last thought just before the the musicians come, I I want to just hit one because I want you to see where we're going. And if if if you don't, I want to talk just a moment about the six phases of manipulation in relationships. It could be any relationship. Manipulation is a spirit. It wears many faces. I want you to see the list of them. Number one, guilt tripping. That's how people manipulate other people many times is through trying to place them under guilt. And that that guilt is to control you. It only works if you let it. My sins are gone. My past is in my past. You can't guilt me into submission. Jesus has forgiven me. This is what you have to remind yourself. Number two, the silent treatment. See how silent it gets. That's because some of us recognize one of our tools. This is how we manipulate a situation by pouting. This is how your parents did it before you. This is how you're doing it now. This is how your children will do it if you don't get a hold of yourself. This is how they will treat their spouses. How you treat your wife has a profound effect on how your children will will treat their spouse. And it goes on and on and on and on. God help us all. Amen. God help us all. The silent treatment is is uh less than kindergarten. Well, if I say anything, I'm going to be mad. Well, you need a little more self-control, Mr. Sister, Mr. Sister, whoever. But, but ignoring people and freezing them out, you really think you're fixing something. That's usually about the time a man says, "And I'm the man of the house. I'm the husband and you're the wife, and you got to do what I say while I freeze you out. You better have plenty of time to listen to me, but I don't have much time to listen to you. Number three, false humility, martyr complex. Wait till you hear it. Reverse psychology. These are ways of manipulation. Making you think it's your idea. You ever felt that? presenting something as though this is your idea when in reality this is what I'm going to I'm going to pretty well insist on you doing, but I want you to think that you thought of it. So, I'll just kind of back out and let you think you come up with the idea. And then number five, triangulation. And that is always trying to get somebody on board and using someone else's name to prove your point. Woo. That's going to be a rough one. And I just want you to know next Sunday, the Lord willing, we're going to preach a wonderful message to mothers. And it ain't going to be about triangulation. So, please come. But before this thing's over, we're going to hit triangulation. And everybody in here has done it. And for a lot of you, this is what it sounded like. Well, pastor said, "Well, brother Shelley said when I run it by him, this is what he said. Don't triangulate me. Don't pull me in. Come on. Don't pull me into your case. I'm not in your courtroom. Leave me out. This is between you and she. She and he. You and them. Mom and dad, kids, do not say to your parents for fear of your life. Brother Shelley said, I knew this would be one obvious way. Can I get a little more personal though? It's when we start saying everybody feel this is not just me. Everybody feels this way about you. I need you to know everybody feels this way. Don't you see the way they look at you? They don't really like you. And they're doing that. It's a It's a form of manipulation. They don't really like you. They're just using you. What for your salad? You don't think nobody else can make a salad? Oh, it's good in here today. I apologize to you who brought visitors. Don't be that way. Don't drag somebody in. Don't use somebody else's name. Don't make it sound like everybody is agreeing with you and this poor person that you're belittling is the only one that everybody's against. Don't do that, brother, sister. It's witchcraft. I'm telling you, it's not how the bride will operate in these last days. We got to get a hold of ourselves. Well, I was talking to sister so and so and she she said I was right. And you know how pastor feels about her. He's got a lot of confidence in her. And then the worst is number six, spiritual manipulation. And that's the kind that operates in the pull pit. It's the kind that operates in a home when a father tries to use or a husband tries to use spiritual manipulative technique. I can show you how what it sounds like at some point. Making everyone feel like no one is re is revelated or no one is as spiritual or no one is as holy or no one knows the message as much, no one read the Bible as much as as as me. making everybody else feel like, you know, just kindergarteners in the faith and then using that to try to manipulate and get your way or your will. Folks, that is serious witchcraft. And it goes on. Now, let me give you this in closing. Musicians start moving this way. It's 1:41. Not too late. It's quiet because you was hoping that I was done. But I want to show you just the beginning of one of them. Guilt tripping. This is placing a guilt trip on somebody. It's This is how it operates. Stay stay with me just a moment so I don't have to do this over and over again. It's used to shift the focus off the issue at hand and onto the manipulator sacrifices, efforts, or pain. You don't know what I've been through. You don't know the sacrifices I've made for you. So the least that you can do is do what I tell you. That's leverage. It's emotional leverage. It's illegal in the kingdom. The one confronting the wrong suddenly feels like the offender. It often masquerades as selflessness, but it's driven by self-pity and the need to control the outcome. I'm always open to someone's uh gifted idea of how we will sit at the table or how we will uh make our journey over if we need another vehicle or if someone can come up with a better plan of who goes with who and who sits with who and how it works out that those things confuse me and I'm not interested in laying all that out anyway. But I have watched people use things like that, manipulating who rides with who, who goes with who, what time we go, what we do first, where we eat, and do it in such a way. And somebody say, "What's wrong? What's wrong with that?" The problem is if we do it over things that don't matter, it's a sign that we've got a problem of needing to control every situation. I don't know where I want to go, but I don't want to go there. It masquerades as some I have no opinion. But the reality is I have an opinion about everything and I'm trying to make sure that you listen to me. You you think you do you get it? And so this type of manipulation seeks to use emotional debt and obligation. Do you remember when I was there for you? Do you remember how I reached out to you when you were in trouble? This is how it works. Rather than communicating needs openly, it frames the conversation in such a way that the other party feels guilty for not giving, helping or submitting. This creates an emotional obligation instead of free will. It bypasses direct communication and pressures others into compliance. The spirit behind it feeds on sympathy. But all that sympathy does is just empower the manipulator to gain more leverage. If you look around this room and you see that you have gone through friends, one right after another, and you don't understand why people dislike you so much, I'm just asking you to consider the possibility that it's because you can't just be. If you can't control, you can't just be. And so anyone who will not be controlled by you, you push out of your life or you push them over the edge until they have to tell you, "Look, I'm it's no longer safe for us to be together all the time. You're pushing me to places that I don't want to go." Look, folks, sometime we have to draw some boundaries. I hope you hear me. We don't have to be rude, but you don't have to call the pastor in every time you need to say to somebody, "I just think that we need a little distance in our relationship because it's getting a little uncomfortable. I need to be able to turn around without you being up under me. I need to be able to do a certain thing without you controlling every situation and using it for your agenda." what you're preaching, pastor, has the potential of blowing the church up. Well, what I'm praying is that is if any of this is going on among us, I'm praying that we will cry out to the Lord that we will see ourselves instead of just see. I know you're sitting there thinking, "Well, I know who that could apply to." If that's the case, you're missing it. You're supposed to be sitting here this morning saying, "Lord, is any of this for me?" Instead of being like the disciples, who who is it? Is it him? Is it her? Is it the other? You need to be the one say, "Is it I? Am I the one that has manipulated people with my opinion?" Somebody said, "How could you leave a service like this and have the victory?" Because I'm telling you, he is the remedy. This word is the answer. Let's stand. Let me just give you a few of the common phrases while you stretch. Stretch. Go ahead. Stretch. Deep stretches. You can put your hands up. Stretch. Twist your back. Whatever you need to do. These are phrases you'll hear in a relationship where manipulation and control is being uh uh used after all I've done for you. something like, "Do you know where you were when I met you? Do you know the mess you were in when do you know how bad you needed me when I come along? I must not be important to you anymore. I sacrifice so much and this is how you treat me. I guess everything I do just goes unnoticed. I'm always the one given. What do I get in return? You might have looked at some of these statements in the past as a cry for help. But what it often is is a need to control. If I can cause you to feel guilty enough for the times I did right on your on your behalf, you might look over the abuse, the verbal abuse that I'm giving you now. We didn't know growing up what narcissism was. And now we we we know more about it. We read more about it. We see more about it and we realize that every one of us have been affected along our our life with with narcissistic behavior started in our parents for some of us and has followed us from boss man to pastor to what to whatever else. And the reality is the the person operating in that kind of control as a narcissist will can do just about anything and then turn around and convince you you're the one that did the wrong and you will come to the place where you don't know. You don't know. You'll enter into a relationship like that knowing who you are and knowing what you're capable of and knowing that you have worth. I might not be as valuable as as so- and so, but I know I'm I matter to somebody. And the next thing you know, you will be so manipulated by narcissistic behavior, by not really remembering who you are in Christ. You see, even in abusive situations, you've got to remind yourself over and over again, I am I am what Jesus says I am. I am what the word says I am. That's right. You are not the dictionary of who I am. God's word is. And many of us have entered into relationships like that with confidence in knowing who we are. And before it's over. You may be right. You might be the only one that would have me. You're probably right. No one else would be attracted to me. You're probably right. I tell you that makes me mad enough that I'd like to knock the devil's block off because that's how he operates. Not just in the world, not just in the Somebody said, "But I want you to preach the message, folks." Brother Brandham might not have kneedeed all the terms. He might not have had a 2025 vocabulary, but he laid the groundwork for a message just like this. Amen. He laid the groundwork. I can show you that. He laid the groundwork. He told us where the battle would be. He showed us the only way out of the battle. And and and again, terms change and vocabulary changes. But I don't find this contrary to the message that he preached. And I certainly don't find it contrary to the word. And what I find it is it's just God turning the search light on us. Because if you recognize yourself as a control freak to your own family, surely before the Lord, you're going to want to ask God to help you. If you're a child of God, you're going to want to say, "Lord, I don't like that description. That is ugly. I don't want to be that. I don't want to say that. I don't want to operate like that. I want to nurture and love and and and help and encourage and strengthen I don't want to abuse. Anybody still here? Lord, I thank you that you're the answer. Anger is not the answer. Making up our mind, we're not taking it anymore in anger, that's not the answer. The only answer I know is to invite Sar Shalom, the Prince of Peace, to come in and move on our behalf. Lord, we just reach our faith toward you in this house before we go today. I've kept these people so long, I've worn them out, but I'm calling on you to help me in my in my human fraily. I'm asking you, Lord, to let somebody see hope, not despair, not hopelessness, not I'm in a situation that I have no control over at all. Not that it'll never be any better, but let somebody make up their mind. I'm going to I'm going to be, it might not be overnight, but I'm going to be who God said I am. I'm not going to live under such rejection that I I'm determined that everybody uh uh hates me and nobody wants me around and I'm I'm not invited. I'm not I'm not uh uh you know, I'm so uncomfortable when I'm around. I I want the Lord to just so dress you in his word that that that you don't move in pride, but you do move in the confidence of the Lord and the courage of the Lord. Hallelujah. And if the enemy tells you you're you're you're just all of that, all the preacher talked about, that's who you are, and and you just don't hardly stand a chance, you just need to tell the enemy that I may not be what I ought to be or what I want to be, but I can tell you this. I'm not what I was. I'm not what I used to be. And I have come this far by faith and by the grace of Almighty God. Grace covers it all. Grace makes it possible for the blood to redeem. I've had people say to, "Brother Shelley, I just I just I've just I just uh I just couldn't get a good woman. I've just had I've just had too many bad women. I I just wasn't able to live with any of them." And and that may be the shop talk around the around this stuff, you know, where the man can and the woman can't and all that kind of stuff that people get twisted up in. Use that for an excuse. But you know what? I've had to tell a person or two. I've got some names in my mind, but I'll swallow them. I've had to tell a person or two. Have you ever thought about the fact you may be the problem? Because I'm looking here. You're describing to me three different women with three different ways. And there's only one common denominator in all these three relationships. It's you. Maybe you're the one. And you know, some people get mad and some people say, "Well, well, I well, I never looked at it like that." But it is possible. Some relationships were never meant to be. And you'll have to cut your losses and realize that you weren't called to be a friend to every person. You're called to be friendly, to show yourself friendly, to love the ones that you can love, to to help the ones that you can help. The the whole world is not riding on your shoulder. The hardest lesson that a preacher has to learn in his life is there are certain people I may love them, but it doesn't mean I can help them. uh and you start praying for God to raise up somebody who can. Do you take it personal? Yes, of course you do at first. And do you feel insufficient? And do you feel like you're a failure? Of course you do at first. But then you have to realize if you think you can help everybody and fix everybody, you're operating in pride, not in humility. The goal is to get them to somebody who can help them. I know the answer, folks. It's Jesus. I know the answer for the struggles in your marriage. It's Jesus. I know the answer to the struggles with your children and the little rebellion that operates in them. It's Jesus. I know the problem. I know how to fix the problem between you and sister soandso and you and brother so and so. It's Jesus. It's just surrendering. It's getting out from under the spirit of Leodysia that demands its rights. And it's coming under a spirit of humility that says if I can just be humble, God can fix things. If I get out of the way, he can move on my behalf. Search me, oh God, today. Search us today. Sometimes, Lord, when we see our shortcomings, we feel like we're not worthy to worship you. And yet, you say to us, I inhabit the praises of my people. Was that just the perfect people? No, it's your people. We stand here today as the people of God. And before we leave this house, we're going to lift up the name of Jesus. We're going to worship God before we go. Uh even though I have taken a lot of time, let's come and do it. If you have to slip out, we certainly understand this isn't the normal church. Let's give it praise. Let's thank you for bringing us this far. Let's believe the God who started this work in us is big enough to finish it. If you believe that, say amen. Amen. I saw the Lord. Seated on his throne, he was clothed in glory, [Music] exalted high. And the train of his robe, it filled the temple. Glory. And the angels circled around him, Jesus and cry. Oh, you are holy. Oh, so holy. Oh, you are you are holy, Lord of all. [Music] Oh you are you are holy. Oh, [Laughter] holy. Oh, you are you are holy, Lord of all. For wo is me. For I'm [Music] unclean and for my eyes have seen the holy king. But then he cleansed my lips right before my eyes and the pillars shook as the angels cried. Holy is the lamb you are. You are holy. Oh so holy. Oh you are. You are holy. Holy Lord of all. Oh you are you are holy. Oh so holy. Oh, you are you are holy Lord of all for woe is me for Ian for my eyes have seen the holy king. Hallelujah. But then he cleans my [Applause] lips right before my eyes. And the pillars show as the angels cry. Holy is the lamb. You are You are holy. Oh so holy. Oh, you are you are holy Lord of [Music] all. Oh, you are holy. Oh, soy. [Laughter] Oh, you are holy Lord of all. [Music] And you are holy. Oh so holy. Oh you are you are holy Lord of all. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Lord, you're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. [Music] Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that make this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Lord, you're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to [Music] me. The king of all days, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. And humbly you came to the earth you created. And all for love's sake became poor. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Lord, you're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. all together wonderful to me. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. My God, you deserve the glory. [Music] And all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing that you are worthy of it [Music] all. Lord, you are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in sincer arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incence arise. Day and night, night and day, let incence arise. Day and night, night and day, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. Bring the music down. Sing it to him. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Lord, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Like that again. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things, and you deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] Pray one for another. For from you are all things. Strengthen my brother. Strengthen my sister. You are all things. You deserve. I feel it moving. Glory. You are worthy of send what we need to get us through these times. Worthy of it all. Let every heart be cheered. Encourage the discouraged. You are worthy of it all. Lighten the load for the one carrying the spirit of heaviness. Oh, for for of you are all things. Give us the garments of praise. You are all things as the remedy for the spirit of heaviness. You deserve the glory. Loose us to praise you the way we want to. Open our mouths and give us the grace to praise you the way we want to praise you. May the enemy not be able to oppress our worship of it all. May he not be able to oppress our prayer lives. May he not be able to keep us from the Bible. And to you give us strength and courage. You deserve the glory. Oh yes. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Woo Jesus. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're so beautiful to him. And you are here. moving it all for you and I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place and I worship you God. I worship you and you are here. You are moving in our midst and I worship you. God, I worship you and you are here. You are working in this place. God, I worship you. I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here touching every heart. God, I worship you. Oh, I worship you and you are here healing every heart. Oh God, I worship you. Worship you. I worship you. Woo master. And you are here mending every heart. Oh God, I worship you. God, I worship you and you are here. You are turning life around. God, I worship you. Oh, I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here destroying every yoke. God, I worship you. Oh God, I worship you and you are here setting all the captives free. God, I worship you. Oh, I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You're destroying every yoke. God, I worship you. Oh my God, I worship you. And you are here, Lord. You're setting all the captives free. And I worship you, oh God. I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Sing this last one with me before we go. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. gives thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. and let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Oh, and now let the weak say I am strong. can let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for [Music] us. Give thanks. Heavenly Father, I can truly say it's been an honor to be in your house this morning. We thank you for the word that we heard. We ask that we would take it to heart, Lord. That we would apply it in our lives so that we could become more like you, Lord. I ask that you would just all take us to where we're going to go safely today. May your angels line the highways. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Remember, Tuesday night at 7:00, greet each other this morning. [Music] in now. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Oh, and now let the weak say I am strong. And let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
