################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-23 - From Vine to Vessel The Making of the King's Wine - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-23
Title:    From Vine to Vessel: The Making of the King's Wine — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjaH0EHoGu0
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelly delivers a powerful message from Jeremiah 48:11 about spiritual stagnation, using Moab’s historical ease as a warning against settling in comfort. Through the analogy of wine-making, he explains how believers must be “poured from vessel to vessel,” leaving behind spiritual dregs of offense, pride, and compromise. The message identifies four vessels of refinement—misunderstanding, public gaze, long dark trials, and strange guidance—that produce the clarity and sweetness God desires in His bride.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] or beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. Is the city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there comes no night. Well, I will make you over there and free from care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night, well, I imagine over there and free from I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days. The sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now. We'll be chasing clouds and rain until we go. Go to that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night. Well, I will make you there and be free from truth care. I am going where the hell is the light. There the flowers bloom forever and a day shall be one eternal day without a night and dark shall be forever wiped away. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there come no night. Well, I have a mansion over there and we're free from care. I anointed where the lamb is like. Here we have our disappointments all the while and our fondest hopes with bitter pride. The morning brings a smile. It's in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night, well, I made you over there and with I am going where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming your night. And I will make you over there and we're free from care. I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changing clouds and rain until we go. Go to that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming all night. Well, I met you over there and from here I am going where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night. And I have a mansion over there and we're free from I am going where the lamb is. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Sing to the king who is coming to r. Glory to Jesus the lamb that was slain. Oh life and salvation. His empire shall bring and joy to the nations when Jesus is king. And come and let us sing a song. A song declaring we belong to Jesus. He's all we need. So lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raised to Jesus. Oh, sing to the king now for his returning. We watch and we pray and we will be ready the dawn of that day. will join in singing with all the redeemed for his saints in his vanquish and now Jesus is king. Come and let us sing a song. It's a song declaring we belong to Jesus cuz he's all we need. and lift up the heart up. Oh, we sing now with voices raise to Jesus. Oh, we sing to the king. Now for his returning. We watch and we pray and we will be ready the dawn of that day. And we'll join in singing with all the redeequished [Music] and now Jesus is king. [Music] Come and let us sing. Oh, it's a song declaring we belong to Jesus. Lord, you're all we need. Lift up a heart of praise. Oh, we sing now with voices raised to Jesus. Sing to the king and come let us sing we belong to Jesus cuz he's all we need. Oh, and lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raised to Jesus. Oh, sing to the king. Sing like that now with all you have. Oh, come [Music] to Jesus. Oh, cuz he's all we need. Lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raised to Jesus. Oh, sing to the King. Oh, we sing to you, King. Oh, you are good, Lord. You are good, Lord. In all of your ways, you are good. In all of your ways, you are faithful, Lord. And I want to scream it out from every mountain top. Cuz your goodness knows no lies. Your goodness never stops. Your mercy follows me. And your kindness fills my life. Your love, it amazes me. And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good and you are good to me. And nothing and no one comes anywhere close to you. The earth and ocean only reflect this truth that in my darkest night you'll shine as bright as day. Your love it amazes me. Oh, and I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. Nothing and no one needs anywhere close to you. The earth and ocean. It only reflects this truth that in my darkest night. Lord, you'll shine as bright as day. Your love it amazes me. Oh, and I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good. [Music] And with a cry of praise, my heart will proclaim that you are good. [Music] You are good. [Music] And in the sun and rain, you see my life that you are good and you are good. Oh, and without cry and pain my heart it will proclaim. Lord daddy you are good. Oh my God you are good. [Music] When in the sun and rain, my life will cate you are good and you are good. [Music] And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. Sing and I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. And I'll sing because you are good. I'll dance. Because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. And I'll sing because you are good. And I'll dance because you are good. And I'll shout because you are good. You are good to me. [Music] Oh, you are good, Lord. You're so good. We're here to tell you today that you are good and all of your ways are faithful, Lord. All of your ways are faithful, Lord. We trust in you, oh Lord. We trust in you, oh Lord. You are so good to us, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Upon a hill they called Ga. [Music] There grew a rose among the weeds. A beauty unmbraced. Perfection out of place. Our king got a king among the thieves. It feels like poetry in body. the carpenter upon the tree. He died against the grain just like he lived each day became the message that he preached. Oh hallelu [Music] with hands lifted high. What else could I do but give you my heart? My hallelujah. For all that you've done, the least I could do is give you my heart. Oh, hallelu. With hands lifted high, what else could I do but give you my heart and sing hallelujah, Lord, for all that you've done. The least I could do is give you my heart and sing hallelu. [Music] Oh hallelu. [Music] We really should have seen it coming. He even said how many days an earthquake in the cave that stone was rolled away. Who puts a god inside a grave? Yeah. Who puts the god inside a grave? Oh, hallelujah. [Music] With hands lifted high, what else could I do? I just give you my heart and sing hallelu, Lord, for all that you've done. What else could I do but just give you my heart and my hallelujah? [Music] My hallelujah. [Music] We really should have seen it come. He even said, "How many days?" An earthquake in the cave. That storm was rolled away. Who puts a god inside a grave? Oh, you can't keep God inside a grave. Oh hallelu with hands lifted high. What else could I do but to give you my heart and sing hallelu? Lord for all that you've done. The least I could do is just give you my heart and sing hallelujah. [Music] My hallelujah. [Music] And I will praise the one who left his mark on Calary. I will praise the one who left the grave but kept those keys. He is alive. He is alive. Forever more will be. Now the wonder working power is alive in me. And I will praise the one who left his mark on Calary. And I will praise the one who left the grave but kept those keys cuz he is alive. He is alive forever more will be. Now the wonder working power is alive. Sing that again. And I will praise the one who left his mark on Calary. I will praise the one who left the grave but kept those keys cuz he is alive. He is alive forever more will be now. The wonder working power is alive in me. Stay above the sky on clouds like stallions he'll descend. The trumpet starts to blaze. The saints erupt in praise. The king is coming back again. Yeah. And our king is coming back again. Oh hallelu with hands lifted high. What else could I do but just give you my heart. Oh hallelu for all that you've done. Lord, the least I could do is to give you my heart. Oh, hallelujah. With hands lifted high, what else could I do but just give you my heart? Oh, hallelujah, Lord. For all that you've done, the least I could do is just give you my heart and sing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I will praise the one who left his mark on Calary. I will praise the one who left the grave but kept those keys. He is alive. He is alive. Oh, forever more will be. Now the wonder working power is alive in me. And I will praise the one who left his mark on Calary. I will praise the one who left the grave but kept those keys cuz he is alive. He is alive. Oh, forever more will be. And now the wonder working power is alive in me. Someday in skies above the on clouds like stallions he'll descend. The trumpet starts to blaze and the saints erupt in praise. The king is coming back again. Yeah. And our king, he's coming back again. Oh, hallelujah. With hands lifted high. What else could I do, Lord, but give you my heart and my heart? Hallelu, Lord, for all that you've done. Oh, the least I could do is just give you my heart and my hallelujah. With hands lifted high, what else could I do but give you my heart? Oh, hallelu, Lord, for all that you've done. The least I could do, Lord, is just to give you my heart. Oh hallelu. [Music] Oh hallelu. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelu hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else before a king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelu [Music] Lord a hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for the king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. And I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Lord, I will worship you. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. You are worthy, Lord, cuz all that I have is a heart. Hallelujah [Music] Lord. A hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] So come on my soul, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Won't you get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy of me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those l. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Oh, get up and praise the Lord. Come on, my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Oh, sing it out. So come on. [Music] Get up and praise the Lord. Sing it one last time. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Lord, I know it's not much, but I've nothing fit for a king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Keep the music like that. Sing it with all you have. So I throw up praise you again and again. Cuz all I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I' nothing else for a king except for a heart singing holly. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, we just throw up our hands, Lord, and we give you praise and thanksgiving. You are the worthy one. You are God supreme. You are high above it all. And we give you praise. Lord, Lord, we thank you that you are who you say you are. You are the creator of the universe. You are the God who made me. You made me fearfully and wonderfully. And I thank you that you know all about me, Lord. I thank you that you are working in me both to will and do of your good pleasure. And I thank you, oh God, that I could gather with your people to give you praise. Praise unto you. Thank you, Lord. To you be glory and honor. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Wonderful Jesus. Wonderful Jesus. Can you just lift your hand to him once again? [Music] Lord, I give you all of me. Lord, all of me as I worship you, Lord. that there would be nothing that would stand between me and you as I worship you. I give you praise Jesus. Hallelujah. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful Jesus. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I bless you, Jesus. [Music] I find him to be who he says he is. I know that he is deliverer. He delivered me from who I was. Fact is he's still delivering me from who I was. He's still healer. He's still savior. He still desires to fill with his Holy Spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. As we go to prayer today, do you have a need you just like to lift your hand into the presence of the Lord? He sees the hands all over the house, out across the stream. The Lord sees the need that you have and he knows how to handle the situation. Yes, he does. and he's more than cares for you. We pray for your needs. My dear old friend, not old, but we've been friends a long time, Brother Frank Christensen in Norway, stands in need of our prayers. He believes that God is more than able, more than sufficient to meet his needs. So, let's please remember him to the Lord in prayer. And many are traveling away for the holiday coming up. We want to pray that the Lord will give them his leadership and direction. Yes. And his protection according to his perfect will. Yes, Lord. We continue to pray over the nation of Israel. As we take these needs to the Lord today, you deserve the glory and the honor. Yes. You deserve the glory. Glory [Music] and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hearts to worship and we lift our hands in praise. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. [Music] You do miracles. [Music] There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hearts to worship and we lift our hands in praise. You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts to worship as you come and pray for the kingdom. For you are great. For you are great. You do miracles. [Music] There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. [Music] So great. There is no one else like you. You are living. We proudly call you Aba this morning. We proudly call you Papa. We proudly call you Adonai this morning. You're not just our father. Hallelujah. Oh, you're not just an all powerful omnipotent being, but you are our savior. Yes, you are our redeemer. You are our healer this morning. We've met you in different places in life and in these different places. You've manifested these different things that you are. But this morning, as we come before you, God, we come empty. We come bare. And we ask, Lord, that you would shine your light into the deepest crevices of our heart. Grant it. I want nothing left of myself, oh God. I only want you. May you radiate from every corner of my life. May there be nothing of Daniel Miller left today. God, this house desires you above all else. Lord, where we've allowed the enemy to put filler in our life today, where we've allowed the enemy to bring in mortar that was not part of your eternal word. Your word says everything that can be shook will be shook. God, we're asking you, shake us to our core so that nothing but you is left. Lord, will you fill the gaps, Lord? Will you fill the cracks? Will you be our missing portion? Build your house, oh God. There's nothing you can't do today. We hear you. We see you today. Not just as that eternal being, not just as some mystical power out of our reach in another dimension, but we see the manifested God walking in shoe leather, taking our sins to Calvary and dying in our place that a people could be born in your spirit. We bring our needs before you, God, because we can't make a way for oursel. That's right. We bring our needs before you today because we can't heal ourself. We bring our needs before you today because we can't fix ourself. We need you, Papa. We need you, oh God. You're in this house. No doubt somewhere someone is desperate before you today. No doubt before this week is over, they'll turn. and they'll find their way through social media and they'll hear a word that will forever change their life. That's why we do it. Oh God, the net's being cast. Lord, we're we can't help what gets tangled in the net, but you told us to cast the net. So in the name of Yeshua Hamashiach, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we throw today for your glory. We cast today for your honor. Lord, we're asking you to move for every name that was called before you this morning for the upcoming travels. Lord, we need you. We need you. If there ever was a minute, Lord, if there ever was a day, if there ever was a time, we need you now. Lord, the warfare is great, but God, you're greater. The enemy is powerful, but you're more powerful. There's nothing you can't stop. There's nothing you can't come between. And there's no there's no weapon formed against us today. Jesus, thank you for this body. Thank you for your word. Lord, we ask you to take your master key once again. Help us to step aside and let you walk through every doorway. You've got the key. Lord, we surrender and we thank you for the promises that you give and for what you're doing. Amen. In the name above all names, we pray the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles. [Music] There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Now give him another worthy clap of praise. We shout with our voices of praise unto you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You may have your seats today. It's good to see you in the house of the Lord. We are blessed to have the opportunity to come into the house of the Lord, gathered with the saints to know that he is in our midst. We brought him with us. He is here and we give him all the praise. Sister Hannah, it's nice to have you again today. The Lord bless you. We're glad to have you here in the midst of us today. God bless you. It's nice to have brother Daniel and sister Anna here with us today. They're on the road so much, but what a blessing to have them home today. Sister Dorothy, it's good to see you again today. Lord bless you. [Applause] Jerry and his mother Kim, they've just become a part of us. We're glad that they're here. God bless you. Nia must have talked grandpa into coming to church. We're so glad to see brother Donovan today. God bless you. What a blessing to have him here. I know Nia is a happy girl. Yeah. [Music] Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord today? When you drove on the campground today, you probably saw more red dirt than you've seen on this campground in some years. We didn't bring one ounce more than there's ever been here. There's not one shovel full more of red dirt on this campground than there was two weeks ago. Just a lot of it moved around. God willing, this week the ground is going to be painted green. What do I mean by that? We're going to hydro seed. What is hydro seed? Hydro seed is a mixture of hay and straw and seed, grass seeds of uh two varieties as far as I know. And it's it's just a big sludge that they spray out on the ground and it turns the ground green. But by God's grace, it's going to grow green grass. Uh why did we choose hydro seed over sod? Because the expense is so large for sod and the amount of square footage that we needed was we needed 36,000 square feet of sod from what we estimated, which was going to cost in the proximity of $14,000. And we're thinking that for 2500 or so, they're going to put this hydro seed. And so, uh, we are believing that God is going to send the right showers at the right time. God is going to raise up people to help us to keep it watered so that it will because it is still going to need watered. There will be a summer. Yes, there will be a summer. And and so, we're going to have to keep it watered. uh when we fixed the pipe up here, we put a put a faucet up here in the ground so that we would have easy access for water uh up there, but over here there's no water pipes on this side of the building. And so we are going to have to hook to the to the building and water over there, which means that those of you that live down here, make sure that you're slowing down so that you don't destroy our water hose if you have to go across it. We are just asking for cooperation, but we're just trying to do what we can to make this land what God called it to be. We're we're cooperating with him to see that the vision is fulfilled. Uh we we first and foremost we want the spiritual atmosphere over the ground to be right. And and then we want to make sure that the natural atmosphere is right, that we're doing what God has called us to do in the right season to make it what he wants it to be. Then after the ground is fixed, and then we're going to get the parking lot uh re um recoded and the lines repainted, by God's grace, that will be accomplished before camp meeting time. Uh believing for that. Just looking for God to meet us today and in every service. between now and camp meeting, but believing God to meet us in camp meeting, too. Uh about the slow down. Could you say that just one more time? Because even when we mention it, even when I mention it, uh I'm still aware at different times that people come come by really extremely too fast. Uh and it's not all men. It's there. We never know when there'll be children out playing and then there's workers sometimes in the road and sometimes somebody just walking to get some exercise. And so we want to be very cautious as soon as we come onto the ground to slow down and make sure that we're being very aware of everything that's around us. And not only that, we we seem to have children that navigate to the parking lot. So, we want to be real real aware when we're moving our vehicles, uh, especially in the dark, uh, because we never know when a child is going to run. And and and I understand we need to keep our children in in check, but sometimes they get away from us. And and we want to make sure that we're using utmost caution while we're here on the ground. and and not just with our vehicles, with our attitudes, with with our words, with our actions that we we are with uh here on the on the ground and even with bicycles and and whatever you might ride or walk or we just want to honor one another. Amen. We want to receive the tithe and offering today giving as unto the Lord. Um we are praying for the nation of Israel. We continue to sew into the work in Jerusalem, believing the Lord is going to uh enhance our vision as to what he desires of us in Jerusalem and the nation of Israel. Uh but we continue to sew into that land. We continue to give our offering for uh what we call the building fund, which is going to help to pay for some of this out here. And uh well, maybe all of it. Uh we are thankful for the men that have given their labor, their machinery. We want to make sure they get fuel in their machinery. Um I I I want to just take a moment to honor Austin Yantis on Tuesday. I meant to do it. Those of you that live on the ground uh would appreciate the caution with which he was digging beside the water pipe because we went probably 30 feet where the water pipe was just kind of hanging in the air and it would have been very easy just one small mishap to hit that pipe and break it and and create quite the mess and put you without water. But I honor you, Austin, for your skill on the machinery and as well as all of the rest and brother Truman and whoever. I even got to run it. Uh got to learn how to I'm not used to joysticks, but I learned and I moved some dirt, too. But I'm I'm thankful for these that have Joseph and Jubel and Ian. They they did well leaning on a shovel. I mean, scooping dirt. Just be honest. Anybody that has ever uh worked with a shovel knows that they would rather scoop dirt as lean on a shovel because leaning on a shovel can get quite boring. I'd rather be doing a little bit of work. But I'm I'm grateful to everyone to those of you who helped to bring some meals to them and and and help them through the day. water, drinks, whatever it was. God bless you. Thank you for what you do for the kingdom of God and for the service uh of the Lord and this campground. Uh let's receive the tithe and offering as brother Kate is getting ready to sing. And uh so brother Austin Yantis, will you come? Brother Ian, will you come? Let these two brothers come to you today. Give is giving unto the Lord with your tithe and your offering and just with a cheerful heart worship him. [Music] So many times I've questioned certain circumstances or things I could not understand. [Music] Many times in my trials, weakness blurs my vision, my frustration. He gets so out of hand. [Music] It's then that I reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand the test alone. And as I look at all the victories, that spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire my weakness is made strong. [Music] Oh, and he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard, too. to climb. No, he never offered a victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Oh, just hold on. My God is going to show up and he will take you through the fire again. Oh, I know within myself that I would surely perish. But if I trust the mighty hand of God, he'll shield the plans again, [Music] again and again. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. No, he never offered. Oh, a victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in your valley of decision and the adversary says, "Oh, just give in. Oh, just hold on. My God is going to show up." Oh, and he will take you through the fire again. No, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. No, he never offered a victory without fighting. He said, "Help would always come in time." Just remember, boy, just remember when you're standing in your valley of decision and the adversary says just give in. Oh, just hold on. Our God is going to show up. Yes, he will. And he will take you through the fire again. [Music] Oh, and he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered oh a victory without fighting. But he said help would come in time. Aren't you glad? Just remember when you're standing in your valley of decision and the adversary says, "Why don't you just give in or just hold on? Remember this. My God is going to show up. He'll do it again and he will take you through the fire again. Oh, just hold on. My God is going to show up. Yes, he will. And he will take you through the fire again. He will take you through the fire again. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Don't dare let go. My You hold on to him because I know that he's holding on to you. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? Give him one more praise. Give him one more hand clap of praise. Bless the name of the Lord. You may be seated this morning for just a few moments. I don't want to take too much time for preliminaries because we've had a wonderful informative time in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Um, I want you to know that so far to just add to what brother Gley has said. So far, what has been done here, not one person has uh turned in an invoice as of yet. I have mentioned it and there will be forthcoming ones, but so far these brothers have done what they've done without without uh a check. And I want you to know that uh that is impressive and humbling and uh not not entirely their place. They're doing it as uh an offering unto the Lord. Uh some of some of it and uh I knew that they had to buy a piece of some some I don't guess you call it equipment, but supplies things that they needed to to put in the different parts. And I know that there was a a brother who just did it. Just bought it just and and never asked for anything. So I I want you to know that uh that's stretching your building fund money, stretching it a little bit. And um uh we're just believing that that God's going to help us for the future. And I want you to know that uh Josh Yantis is one of the most conscientious and careful and concerned uh leaders that I know of. He he knows his craft. He knows he knows this this business and he knows the skill that is required. And brother Truman Miller is uh they make the best co- captains of any team there's ever been in the in the whole world. We are blessed. We are blessed. Would you just give them one more thank you for all they've done? We are so blessed. Thank you so much for being many of you were here on Friday evening to celebrate with us. our youngest daughter, our caboose Mariah, has graduated and we're thankful that she has finished her course of study and we're thankful that we got to celebrate it together and I had a real real good time. Um, it was a very relaxed time. It it got that way and they started playing music and we started singing and the kids got to singing and it was uh that was the icing on the cake. And if you missed that opportunity, you really missed something because uh we weren't able to stream it. Although I did see Sister Rebecca with the phone in the air. I'm assuming that was for for Sister Terry. And uh I'm so glad you did that. That's a sacrifice to stand, you know, raise that phone up, but mama is home with her mama and uh we want to thank you for that. We want to join with brother Gley in telling you the importance of praying for the nation of Israel. Um we are certainly in a very serious time. This is a very serious time for for the nation of Israel and for the nation of the United States of America. Uh the the uh the regime in Iran uh refers to Israel as the little Satan and uh the US as the big Satan. And uh we are uh faced uh to this this has been going on for over 15 years. And when we were working closely with Apac, it is one of their main driving themes. They taught us again and again the danger of the uh Iranian regime and their nearness to having nuclear weapons. Intelligence has said that they were a few weeks away from being able to attach a nuclear warhead onto a missile that has plenty of power and range to get it to Manhattan. And so, you know, there's a time to strategize, there's a time to think about it, uh there's a time to wait it out and know what the right move is. And then there's a time to get her done. And I don't say that with any casual flippency for any loss of lives. I don't rejoice. I never have. I came close to it one time uh with a a pretty evil leader. But uh I can't help what popped into my mind. You can't always help it. You don't have to entertain it. You certainly don't have to say it in the pool pit. But I was driving along and the word came that Arafat was finished. And this thought came to my mind from the Wizard of Oz. Isn't that spiritual? And and and I said, "Oh, well, ding-dong, the witch is dead." And then my heart was a little smitten because I don't care how evil somebody is, there's somebody somewhere that loves that person. Think of it. Some wife. I don't know how you could love some of these ugly folks, you know, but somebody, some mama, some mama drew that child to her breast and and and wanted the best. Amen. So, I don't rejoice at the loss of lives on any side of any skirmish, but I will tell you that u the the Jewish lives that have been lost are just as valuable as any other life. And any nation that would not be willing to defend themselves in these kinds of circumstances is a weak and woke nation. And I'm thankful that uh uh do you always have to agree I get asked this often. Do you always have to agree with the leaders of Israel? No. Do you always agree with the leaders of the USA? Of course not. You don't always have to agree with their tactics or their strategies or their policies. Is there corruption in the Knesset? Yes. Is there corruption in the Senate and in the House of Representatives? Same. Same. Just because Israel is a promised nation and the Bible has told us that God is married to the land. That that's big. And I understand the one new man a as good as anybody understands the one new man both Jew and Gentile come together through the covenant of grace. But I also understand that the covenant that God made with Abraham is an eternal covenant as well according to God. And he said that he would give them their land and that one day uh no one would remove them again. Now, that either has to come to pass or it was a false prophecy. Is that right? Do we hold the scripture to the same standard? It has to it has to come to pass. Um, I have some woke folk uh who will post every day this week that this is this Israel is not the Israel promised and uh this is the the Rockefeller Israel and the u you know the Illuminati Israel and so forth. Well, you say anything you want to, but a vindicated prophet said that this was the eternal insign that was spoken of in the prophecies of the prophets of the Old Testament. He called the star of David, the Magandavid. In Hebrew, it's called the Magand Davided. And he called it the fulfillment of scripture. And when they when they raised that that uh star of David again uh over Jerusalem, he said, "Scripture is being fulfilled. This is an eternal insign." And I've been in this thing so long that I've had people come and say, you know, the star of David is a is an adjustment of the pentagram and uh it's really satanic and it has nothing to do with Israel. Well, uh, I'll just say that I believe the scripture says different. And I believe brother Brandham said different. And, uh, my good friend, brother Perry Green, used to say very often, if you don't believe in God, if you don't believe in a God, watch Israel. because he said there is nothing on the planet that is a bigger testimony and a bigger evidence that there is a God than the modern establishment or the restored establishment of the nation of Israel. We know that it is true. We've seen and heard and I have interviewed living witnesses and brother Gley has seen and and spoke with living witnesses of those wars. We've sat down and had Turkish coffee with witnesses who saw uh men dressed in white on the day that Israel recaptured the the Temple Mount and Jerusalem for the first time in in uh several dec thousands of years really uh at least uh had not then in total control of Jewish hands until that day and they recaptured the city and God showed up angelically on the temple mount and the soldiers saw an army that didn't exist. the enemy soldiers of the United Arab League of Nations, five nations gathered together against the city, against the nation first and then joined in the in the harassment of of trying to hold on to the city. And um there were men in white um I don't know exactly what you call them. Uh I think the word is something like safari fatigue. Do you know what that is? It's uh because Israel was originally part of the British mandate and they wore uh what looks like fatigues but but not camouflage. Uh they're a desert tan. Does anybody know what I'm talking about? A jacket and pants. And there were there was an army that showed up on the top of the temple mount in white safari fatigues. And and the the uh soldiers who were there that day, they didn't know who they were. And they were so afraid. They were so afraid of of what they saw. Where did this army come from that they ran out of their sandals? They left their shoes. And uh when when the army the real army I mean no no that was the real army. When the Israeli army finally got up there all they see is empty shoes everywhere. You know that's God. If you can take down the Egyptian air force with mav cocktails because you so believe in the promises of God. Can you imagine flying in low lowflying little planes and literally dropping uh Coca-Cola bottles of of fuel out out over the the not only there were tanks that were stopped miraculously. I don't think a Matav cocktail did that. I I I think that just put a little little liquid on the on the on the hood of that thing. It had to be God that just arrested it. Amen. And we have walked in the history of that. We've walked through I've touched some of those uh tanks that were stopped and we've placed our hands and even climbed onto some of those uh big airplanes that were stopped miraculously. So listen, whether you believe that Rockefeller did it or God did it or or whatever your thoughts are, be careful what you say because God said uh we are to bless Israel. Brother Brandham said, "If you want to know what God is doing, you you use Jerusalem, you watch Israel, you watch the Jews. They're God's time piece." And somebody said, "Well, they don't they haven't even accepted Jesus." Just hold on. If they would have, according to Paul, if they would have accepted him the first time, you and I might have not never come. We might have never come. Right. He's pretty clear in Romans chapter 11 that it was God who blinded their eyes. So for you and I that you and I would be able to see. Isn't that the goodness of God? And so God turns this thing around. And we know that because of the seals. We hear the prophet talking about the fifth seal. those souls underneath the altar, not martyed Christians, Jews who died for the faith that they held. And they're crying out, "Oh Lord, how long?" The scriptures are prophetically clear. He's coming to the Mount of Olives. Are you still with me? And there will be scars in his hands. And that nation will ask, "What are these scars in your hands? This is that that I have received in the household of my friends. And if the prophets are right in the Old Testament, they clearly tell us in that hour all Israel, those who are true Jews, yes, will be saved. Amen. That is the promise of God. Uh so we want to pray. Uh, I prayed. I was uh awake uh this morning at 5:30, about 5:20, praying. I prayed for an hour before I got out of bed for you, for the nation of Israel, for our leaders. This is a serious time. And I will say one more time, I don't care if it sounds political. You can uh you can take it or leave it. Doesn't really matter. But I think that it's important for me to say that we are blessed. Uh we didn't we didn't elect a pastor. We weren't praying for a pope. We we we uh we chose uh a leader and and u I'm thankful that he he has moved and not just to protect the nation of Israel, but protect the opportunity that you and I need to finish raising our children. God is good all the time. That's my sermonet. And uh I'm not taking it back and I'm not even going to take an extra offering for it. It's just it's just free. Totally free. Let's thank God for these musicians. I'm not going to sing. I just sang. That was my song. Would you stand with me? You can tell that I have lots to say. And uh let's believe that God will talk to us. That's why we're here. And this has been an unusual time. God has been dealing and stirring many hearts. Many things are happening, shifts and seasons changing spiritually. We feel these things. Some are extra sensitive to them. And pray for those. Pray for those because it's a struggle because it affects it uh it shadows everything they do. It affects everything they do. Every relationship they have is affected by their sensitivity to those things that happen in another realm. When brother Brandham was speaking to us concerning the book of the revelation and it was later rewarded but but well worded in the church age book. He spoke about the book of the revelation not being for just anybody. He said it's it's a prophetic book and it is only understood by a prophetic class. Did you know that as a believer of this end time message uh you are a you are a part of the royal seed of Abraham. You believe that? And in fact, you are a king called out of Abraham. That's what the book of the revelation tells us. And that makes you by by nature. It makes you a prophetic people. If you have received the revelation of the revelation, the revelation of Jesus Christ, then you you had to be uh specifically designed to be able to see it and understand it. He told us multiple times, everybody will not see it. They just won't be able to see it. So, we should really, I think we should value the blessing and the benefit of God opening our eyes to see the unveiling, the apocalypsis of Jesus Christ. He's no longer behind the lattice. I'm waiting on your amen. He's no longer behind the lattice, but he has stepped behind the lattice. And the scripture says he's now in plain view. Aren't you glad that Jesus Christ, his work, his attributes, his power, his intentions toward you are no longer hidden in symbols and mysteries. Hallelujah. But we now have the reality. We have the antitype of every type. We have the reality of every shadow. When Jesus unveils himself, there are no more shadows. Only thing we do is go back and remember where the shadows were and thank God that he's no longer standing in them. But he's made himself real. Did anybody get born again by a shadow? No, sir. No. No. It was real blood. Help me. It was real blood. It was the blood of God. Wasn't Mary's blood. It wasn't Joseph's blood. It was the blood of God. It was blood specifically created for the redemption of mankind. I'm glad the life of that blood has fallen on me. Are you Are you ready for the word? This week I I sent out a message because of an experience that I had with the Lord. I was desperate. Have you ever been desperate? I was desperate. I didn't think that I would be able to go on uh like I was in that straight and you know just in a fix and God in his great mercies. It was only him who who met me with an answer. I'm not anything but I am thankful to be able to see and hear. How many of you glad you have eyes to see and ears to hear? And I'm sick and tired of trying to dress it up and and dress it down and make it more palatable for for carnal Christians. Amen. Why don't we just say what it is? We're a prophetic class of people following a prophetic message. Amen. Amen. And and and and no wonder we can believe that God would deal with somebody in a dream or a vision. As long as that dream doveetales with the word of God as long as that vision or revelation fits the absolute of scripture because only the Bible is inherent and infallible. Amen. The church age book is not inherent. Amen. And it is not infallible. But that Bible is. He told us it was our absolute. And as long as you get a feeling, I'm not against feelings. Don't live by them. But if you get a feeling that's based on the word and you can you can show us that in the word, I'm for it. If you worship a little differently than I do, but I can find something about it in the word. I'd rather I'd rather join you than to condemn you. Yeah, I'm in it. Because I'd rather praise him than anything I can think of. Uh you look at me and you say, "Well, you must enjoy eating." Well, I do. I'm not going to tell you I don't. But there is one thing I'd rather do, and that is to give my life in praise. I want to I love to praise him. Don't you? And so, uh the text this morning is from Jeremiah chapter 48. And I'm just going to read the paragraph before we take the scripture. Just one paragraph of the message that I sent out to you on Wednesday. And I said these words. The Lord spoke very clearly to me today while I was in prayer that some of us have settled on our leaves. I can't tell you how long it's been since I read that scripture or thought about the text. I do remember it on occasion, but because someone brings it up because I preached that in the late 80s and the early 90s across the country, I preached that text and when people are mentioning 12oot shuffle and one more night with the frogs and some of those sermons, there are those who will remember from the grape vine to the king's table. And that's where this text came from. But I hadn't thought of it in a long time. But he spoke to me that Wednesday morning very clearly in my office while I was in prayer. Some of us have settled on our lees. Now that disturbs me and I don't put myself in a category other than the same category that we're all in this morning. There there may 1,000% absolutely there may be lees dregs that I have settled on. And if that is the case, I want to repent before God today, not tomorrow. I want to repent before God today. And I want to make sure that I am willing and ready to be poured from vessel to vessel to vessel to vessel until there are no more dregs until there is no more leaves found in me. Jeremiah 48:11. Moab, if you'll just show us that Moab hath been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his lees, and hath not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity. Therefore, his taste remained in him, and his scent wasn't or is not changed. I'm going to read it again. Moab had been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his leaves, and had not been emptied, or poured from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity. Therefore, his taste remained in him, and his scent is not changed. Pray with me just a moment. Father, we are here today not to see or to be seen. We've just got the same old clothes on we always wear, except I have a new tie somebody gave me. We're just This day is for many just an ordinary Sunday. But for me, it's more than that because I'm carrying something that I've got to get off of my heart, off my chest. I can't carry this by myself. I've got to get it out there. And we've got to as a body pray into it. And we need your help because the one thing we want to be is uh wine in in in your cup on your table. Yes. Everything we do, we want to we want to bring glory and sweetness and honor to you. We don't want to be a reproach. We don't want to, as Paul said, we don't want to go all the way and then become a cast away. A falling away with 99 and a half. We want to be a hundred. We want to go all the way. We don't want to stop at the bottom levels of the stature of a perfect man. We want to go all the way to the crowning of perfect love that releases the authority of the spoken creative word of God again for the bride. The example has been set for us and now we just want to be positioned and prepared for what is next. I can't do this without you, Lord, and I can't do this without the help of this congregation and these precious streamers. May we all be awakened by the spirit of inspiration a receive something from your hand. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saint said, "Amen." You may be seated today. Don't please don't leave me. Stay with me. I can't tell you the years that uh have gone by that Charity and and some others have helped to put those scriptures up and the quotes and people have found it. I' I've had so many people, even streamers, say it's so helpful. I'm a visual learner. It helps me to see it, etc. My wife always says I get so much out of a message when there is some sort of uh demonstration or that's why the colt rack is still in here because that that kept our attention for a couple services and now I every time I think I'll put it back I think well I don't want anybody to think I'm moving the landmark but I don't want to leave it there forever either because some one of these precious girls said something about wow that coat rack is still there. That's an antique. I there they were a little bothered by the fact that it was still there or trying to understand it. But we have found that sometimes looking at the quote, especially with the broken English, it makes it more careful, more easy, excuse me, easier to catch. Uh, and I've not done any of that, but I tried this week to do a few slides just to make it a little bit easier. And it's because I want to tell you something about Moab. And I didn't want to go through it without you seeing it. And I didn't want to ask them to have to do all the work by themselves. So, uh, first of all, would you introduce the the title of the message because I've changed it a little bit. It used to be from the grape vine to the king's table, but today I want to call it from vine to vessel, the making of the king's wine. And I want to be that wine. I do. Uh we sing about the perfume poured out and the wine in worship. And I want to be that wine that brings pleasure and sweetness to the mouth of the king. I didn't make up the analogy. The Bible uses this analogy. We want to know something about Moab. And I don't know too much from memory. I I knew some things, but I didn't know nearly as much as I want to leave with you this morning. And we're going to do it very quickly. And that's why it's up here. That part has to go very quickly. Moab's comfort, according to Jeremiah 48, Moab's comfort had become its curse. Uh-huh. Now, you know, that's pretty serious. It had become its curse. And I want to I want us to think about who is Moab. You know, this is in Jeremiah. Jeremiah, what what time frame is he? Is he speaking about the specific Moab next next to to who is Moab? Uh is he speaking about Moab or the descendants of Moab? When we look at it, we find that Moab was a nation born out of compromise and shame. It descended from Lot through an incestuous relationship with his daughter after the destruction of Sodom. Genesis 19. Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father, and the firstborn bear a son, and called his name Moab. the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. When you hear the term Moabitete, what do you think of? You think of Ruth, who was a Moabitetish woman. And I tell you, not only did she come from the land of Moab, but she is the representation of real redemption. Amen. Amen. because she came from a less than noble people, but she joined herself to a noble God, to a real God. We're not going to serve any more of these other gods, Cheroth and and other gods that the Moab I'm going to find the God of Israel. He's mine. Your God will be my God. Your people will be my people. Wherever you go, I'll go and wherever you lodge, I'll lodge. This is powerful and important for us to remember because Ruth appears in the lineage of the Lord Jesus Christ. A and by the way, so does another less than noble character by the name of Rahab. Amen. She might have had a a painful and loose past, but when it came to the nitty-gritty, you understand that kind of talk? She obeyed. Yes, sir. And God saved her house because of that scarlet thread. If you were to examine some of our pedigrees, you'd find out that some of us came from less than noble heritage. Oh, but thanks be to God, we don't have to be known by where we come from anymore. Not in the earth. We're known of having a citizenship that is far, far above this old world. Maybe there are slave owners, horse thieves, low down conniving skunk people in your life and in my past, in my heritage. I I don't even want to. Womanizers and we could go on, but that's not our true identity anymore. There was once a man connected to all of that. And guess what happened to him? He died. and a new man took his place who has an identity and a citizenship that is beyond this world. But how would you like to know that your heritage has come from from a from an incestuous relationship between Lot and his daughter? In fact, two of the major nations of the Old Testament are products of this vile sin that took place by getting their father drunk. And uh I don't want to speak about it anymore, but I wanted you to understand that when God is speaking through the prophet Jeremiah to the Mo to the Moab to Moab, he's speaking to the descendants of Moab who are still alive and who continue to be alive even to this day. Genesis 19:36-37 is there. Though they were blood relatives to Israel, they often stood in opposition to God's people, refusing to help them in the wilderness and enticing them into sin. Here in Deuteronomy 23:3 and 4, an Ammonite or Moabitete shall not enter into the congregation of the Lord. An Ammonite, that's the other nation, that's the other nation that came from this incestuous relationship. And here God is giving in the instructions. Neither an Ammonite or a Moabitete shall enter into the congregation of the Lord forever. Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way when you came forth out of Egypt and because they hired Balam the son of Bor of Por of Mesopotamia to curse thee. And God didn't forget it. He's got a better memory sometime than than most of any of us. Is that right? So Moab as a people, not as one man, represents a people who had proximity to the covenant, but no part in the power. They were cousins to the nation of Israel. They knew the covenant. In fact, they celebrated certain portions of the covenant, but they didn't understand the power of being in covenant with God. Is there anybody in this house that understands the power, the authority, the great grace that is ours because we have accepted this covenant. It It was a proposal in the wilderness. It was it was God from Mount Si saying to a nation of people, will you take me as your husband? And when that third Exodus took place and God sent a message to call us out, there was a similar invitation made. It's like in that uh Hebrew wedding ritual where the the young man will slide a glass of wine across the table and he will uh ask if she is willing and if she is willing to be a spouse to him. Now remember her parents have already had to approve this whole thing. He wouldn't even be sitting at the table if they hadn't put their stamp of approval on it. mama would have stopped him uh uh before he ever stepped across the threshold. But they have uh picked him and they've chosen him and but yet in this culture he had a he had a choice. She had a choice. He had a choice. They weren't forced even though the partner was arranged. He slides that cup of wine across the table and if she is going to say yes to the proposal, she will pick that up and she will take a sip of wine, put it down on the table, slide it back toward him, and he also will take the same cup and uh and and take a sip. And that is an ancient ceiling of a wedding covenant that says we're married. And according to brother Brandham, that kind of an agreement, not necessarily the wine and but the proposal and the acceptance of a proposal is is a contract. Before the vows are ever exchanged, I think the only reason why that should be ever emphasized or mentioned in this hour is just to again emphasize the importance of knowing you've got the right person. Now, Don't don't don't just ask her because you you know this it doesn't seem to be going anywhere. If it doesn't seem to be going anywhere, run. Don't don't you know experiment. I'm going to see maybe if we take this to the next level, then it'll go somewhere. Well, it might, but it might not go where it ought to go. So you need to know you need to you need to pray and you need to know from God what the next step is to be because if you make that covenant of agreeing uh then without without the the breaking of that covenant by the father it it becomes a complicated mess. I know that even in modern times I have dealt with the complications of that kind of thing. So, so Israel had an invitation for a wedding and the the instruction of the Torah became the cuba. It became the contract and God then has offered us the same kind of invitation. Will you come and be a covenant people with me? Because there is a church and there is a bride and only the bride will become the wife. The church has a role to play. We understand from scripture she has a role to play even in the millennium. And thank God for eternal life. However you get it. Of course there's only one way to get it. By the grace of God and by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Not by being good to the bride. No. But it is a good thing to be good to the bride. Start practicing today. Hello. Look, look, look at your neighbor there. Be nice to her. Be nice to him. Start there. But but if we're going to preach it, I got to I got to really see it in the scripture. and and just saying that that you do to the least of my little ones. I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not finding uh a born again experience in that. Oh my I'm telling you, it's not just a belief system. You got to be born again. If if believing the truth was all it took, then the devil's already your brother because nobody believes this is the truth anymore than he does. In fact, the prophet told us, didn't he? if he would just repent Uhhuh. and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, he'd no longer be the devil. He'd be your brother. Somebody said, "I don't understand that." Here it is. It's the importance of the covenant. It's important. And and we are not a people uh of of culture. We are not a people of of an age. We are a people of the book. Yes. Our identity is directly linked to the scripture which is the written record of who God is. It's the Bible is the written record of God's word. And what was Jesus to us? He was that same word made flesh. There no need to argue over did they have the Old Testament? Did they have the New Testament? What epistle did they have? Early Christians, what did they get to read? There's no reason for us to even concern ourselves overly about that. God has given us a Bible. Men have died to preserve it, to put it in our hands. We have dozens of them. We have them in all forms of electronic. We have no excuse for not reading that word. And then God gave us a prophet messenger who who gives us revelation and insight on that word while telling us all along. Don't take my word for it. He says this over and over. Take it back to the scripture because he said we can make mistakes in this. These are the kind of things that happen when you're asking a man about a woman shaving her legs. All kinds of confusions can come. Or you're asking someone who's never been a Mason, doesn't know anything about the lodge really, if it's all right to be a a a a Mason and be a Christian. Well, if you don't know anything about it, you'd say, "Well, sure." He said, "Well, you can just be anything. You know, it doesn't matter. U Baptist, Methodist, or But folks, we know Freemasonry is not a denomination. See, there's a whole lot more to you. I don't certain times I need your amen. That wasn't one of them. Certain times, but not not that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know. We can only speak of what we know. Now, Moab represented a people who had proximity to the covenant, but they had no part in its power. They were settled. That's exactly the word that Jeremiah used. They were settled, proud, and unbroken. And according to the analogy of wine making, they were never poured out from one vessel to another. When wine is made, it doesn't remain in the same vessel. From the crushing of the grape to the service of the table. It's actually poured from one vessel to another vessel to another vessel to another vessel. And each time leaves and dregs are left behind. And the wine is becoming purer, sweeter, more mature. Hello. More more suitable for the table of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. They they were at ease. Moab was a nation that didn't know the kind of conflict that Israel knew. Why? Because they weren't a people of the covenant. They weren't a people of the book in the same way that Israel was. And so they just had a kind of easy life like the modern church. Go to church on Sunday, sing till you feel good, have a little sermonet for a Christian who needs a bassinet. And then uh you know, don't forget to sing uh one or two things at the end. Say amen. Turn off the lights. A and go home. There's got to be more than that. When you wake up on Monday morning, you can't wake up a sinner. You've got to wake up just as committed to the King of Kings on Monday morning as you were to drag yourself to church on Sunday morning. This is a daybyday. I mean, it's a daybyday relationship with him. Hallelujah. And I want as brother brother Daniel was praying, I want that to become even a greater reality in my life. And if God has spoken, are you listening? If God has spoken over this church and said, "Some of you have settled, there's one thing I don't want to do is settle." Amen. The word of the Lord strike those arrows on the ground. He come short. He just thought, well, a little bit of symbolism is enough. Little bit of going through the motion is enough. But he got royally rebuked. The king did, didn't he? You ought to have kept beating them. You ought to have kept beating the ground until there were no more enemies left for Israel. We wouldn't be dealing with what we're dealing today if the king would have kept beating the ground. But he settled. And I cannot afford. I know I'm getting emotional. I cannot afford to settle now. I've got to go all the way. I've got to go all the way until there's no more religion hanging on us. But it's relationship. It's not a formalism. It's not some method. It's not three steps and you're there. It's giving up all the time. It's dead men walking that are going to see the kingdom. Alive but dead. Dead but alive. This ease caused them to lose their edge. Moab had enjoyed generations of unshaken ease, characterized by long periods of comfort and political stability, unlike Israel in Judah, which experienced war and captivity and exile. But it kept the people awake. Sometime a little pressure will keep you awake. Sometimes a little pressure will get you there. Sometimes a little pressure will get you to church on time. Sometime a little pressure will cause you to want to worship a little bit more than you would have worshiped had. Come on. We need it sometime. But this lack of hardship bred a stagnancy, pride, and a souring of spiritual flavor. Like unpoured wine, like wine that has not been poured from vessel to vessel. They settled on their leaves. They were undisturbed. And therefore, disturb us, Lord. Come on. Did you hear the prayer that Brother Daniel prayed? Shake us. Amen. You're you're sitting there. Maybe maybe you were maybe your knuckles getting white because you're holding on to the the pew beside you because you're thinking all of all things I'm asking for right now being shaken to my core is not one of them. But you know there was a purpose in the shaking. Yes, Hebrews tells us there's a purpose in the shaking because it's only in the shaking that the revelation comes of that which cannot be shaken. There is something that cannot be moved. This little bride cannot be moved off the word. This Bible is her uh it is her anchor post and this message is the road map. No doubt about it. It is a road mapap to us to help us understand what we read in that word. But we can't go beyond the word. I know that makes people nervous and that's why they make these foolish statements that everything a prophet said was thus sayaith the Lord. That's nowhere in the Bible for any other prophet. That would throw the whole thing out of cater. If you strike it another time instead of speaking it to it, speaking to it, you miss the whole uh cater or the whole continuity of it. It has to fit the scripture. It's no more scriptural than a return ministry. The return ministry is not a single resurrected prophet. The return ministry is a generation of people who won't believe it because they were born to it or inherited it from their parents, but they have had their own taste, their own taste of the original mana. If my children have any hope of making the rapture, it won't be because they're my children. And it won't be because they believe what I believe. It'll only believe be possible because they have tasted the original mana. They have had their own experience with the pillar of fire. Changed feeling won't change you, but a but a meeting with God will change you. Where do we meet him? Well, we meet him in his word, but we don't meet him with a carnal amen. One that comes as lip service. We only encounter him with an eternal amen. One that comes from the inner man that says, "Oh, God, it ain't always easy, but amen. I may miss it sometime, but amen. I may stumble along the way, but I'm saying amen." So be it anyhow. That's the only thing that will keep us out of some of this complacency. It used to be that I could travel around and preach this comfortably other places because I was an evangelist. It's a little harder to bring such a thought to your own church. But I didn't say it. I believe he said it. Maybe there's only one around here, but that's not the way it seemed to be expressed. I think in one way or another all of us have settled for something and you you and I need to know better. We don't want to settle for just a piece of of bread. You know, they're asking about other churches and he's saying, "Well, you you uh if you can't get a loaf, you get a slice." Well, that was another age alto together. I I can't survive by just a slice. I've got to have it all. I've got to be willing to eat it all. What I don't understand, I eat it anyway. And I believe that God is able to weave it through the scripture to us. Has to be that way. Has to be written somewhere. Has to be represented somewhere in that word. If you believe that, not if you don't, but if you believe that, say amen. Well, you don't have to be so negative. I'd have to be pretty negative to balance out some of the ridiculous things that are said on social media about perfect prophets and perfect sermons and perfect messages and perfect this and perfect that. Let me tell you something. When perfect love comes, we won't need a lot of other stuff. and without it will not make the rapture. So if you can't love the weird one, if you can't love the one in the church that's a little less in in in social skill than you, many people are the product of this generation. Somebody proudly says, "I have ADHD." And we could just say to them, "Welcome to the club." That's right. Because by those definitions, the definitions that are given, we all have trouble with our attention span. The only part I don't seem to struggle with is I don't have a whole lot of hyperactivity. That must only be for children. I wish I had a little more. Well, it said you're getting kind of carried away this morning. Yes, but I I don't I don't have that extra energy, but I do struggle sometime to focus like we all do. We have become products of a generation that has exchanged relationship for electronics. Just a minute. Amen. I mean, for crying out loud, we text one another in the same house. That's all right to do if you need TP. If there's no more on the roll and you and you can't scream loud enough, okay, then text. But if you if you can crawl to the door, peek out and say, "Hey, if if there's something you can tell somebody faith, go do it." Don't don't be totally reshaped and remolded. We get to life gets so easy. Lord have mercy. I'm so old that I remember preaching this about microwave popcorn which nobody would eat today. We all know better than that junk today. But that was a kind of convenient. I remember thinking, "Oh yeah, we used to have a home-cooked meal. Now we go through the drive-thru." Well, yeah, but now we go through the drive-thru and we don't even get food. We we get, you know, so genetically modified cardboard or whatever it sometimes is that it it'll last on the shelf for years. Come on. It gets worse and worse. This little bride we can't get easy. We can't get lazy. We can't settle on our lees. Look, folks, we can't do nothing about our faith and then uh uh well, I'm hoping and believing for my children. If you're concerned about your children, check up on your relationship with a covenantkeeping God. Well, I'm really burdened for my coworker. How long has it been since you've had a little conviction burden for yourself? Now, that's a strange thing to say because we're supposed to carry a burden for others. But some people will replace concern for others. They had rather be concerned about somebody else than to see their own need. Oh, God, don't ever let us get so super spiritual that we can't see our own need. And the reality is, I'm not talking about working more and striving more and being more religious. I'm talking about being more sincere. I'm talking about making up your mind. You're not just going to testify about it. You're going to do it. I'm going to do it. What is it? I'm going to push you a little harder. I'm going to hear what a prophet said. You've gone as far with God as you're ever going to go till you pay a greater price. You're not paying for salvation. It's paid for. You're paying. You're giving of yourself. You're reading the word every day like he told us. Praying every day. And and just asking for your Santa Claus list does not qualify as praying every day. Amen. Communion is what I'm talking about. Communion is more than a piece of bread and a cup of wine. Communion is a is a daily fellowship with him. And here's the reality, Sister Flo. He misses fellowship with me sometimes faster than I recognize my need to have fellowship with him. Can you imagine that? He desires, the Lefontines wrote, he desires to have fellowship with me with me. Well, that's good for pastors. No, it's good for believers. It's good for believers. It's good for believers. Hallelujah. You get hungry, a little desperate, a little little hungry for him. It'll make you want to turn off Netflix. Well, I heard a good sermon this week. Good. Hear another one. Now, you don't do it with this attitude. I've got to measure up. I've got to measure up. I've got No, no, no. But the scripture tells us in Hebrews, we strive to enter into rest. Once we get a revelation of where our rest is found, it's not found in a 24-hour day of the week. It's not found by not lighting a fire or kindling a candle or whatever it is you do. That's not how you find the rest. You find the rest by taking God at his word. He's literally crying to his bride in this hour. Let me do it. Amen. Get your hands off, your mind off your mouth, off the situation and surrender your will. You don't have to figure it out. You don't have to solve the problem. You just have to get out of the way. Just get out of the way and let him show you how much he loves you. Let him show you that now is the time to seek him because now is the time that he is seeking you. He's no longer seeking you to win you or to draw you to salvation. He's now seeking you for fellowship, for intimacy. Are you here? It's only in that intimacy that that personal relationship with Jesus Christ behind the veil The veil drops. He said the world is shut out and you are shut in. You and him. You're in a tent. That's where your your nuptual is sealed symbolically. Amen. That's where the tokens of virginity are produced symbolically. Amen. In that place, you can't leave that place the same. You may step in as bride. You leave as wife. Wife carries a different kind of authority than an espouseed bride. The wife can sign her name. Ms. Jesus Christ and it has the same authority that the bridegroom's name has. It is his name, but it's yours because you're the you're the you're the other part of that. This truth is more than some colloquialisms or some little little, you know, funny little things, little catchy phrases and thing. Oh, it's so much more. He's looking for so much more. I don't want to pick on anybody. I don't want to I don't want to embarrass anybody for the good or the bad, but Jubel, I'm going to pick on you a little bit and it's going to be good. I saw you this morning. I saw you. It matters. I noticed. I want you to know, son. I noticed. That's That's a big deal because I love you. But there's a bigger deal. Papa saw it. He saw you push a little harder. He saw your eyes fill up with tears when you were worshiping. Very few young men that age want to be seen with tears. But I'm convinced. I'm convinced that if we don't get out from under the image that the world is portraying, and get tender before God, let me tell you something. If you sisters have a problem with your husband weeping before the Lord, you've got a bigger problem than I thought. That ought to be your delight. Amen. You ought to run up the street telling all the neighbors, "I've got a husband that is in touch with God." It makes a difference. It'll change him from being a religious fanatic. It'll change him from being a brandite to a follower of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Oh yes. It It'll give him what he's been longing for. and he and he tries to think that uh that what he's had is all that he wants, but his complacency is showing. My complacency shows sometime. The word of the Lord said they're settled on their leaves. It's going to make the wine bitter and it's going to change the scent, the aroma. Now, I'm not a wine connoisseur. I don't drink a little wine every day for the stomach's sake. I don't drink it to unwind or relax. There are spiritually appropriate times to taste wine. And I have found uh that I I well I don't want to say this but make it sound like she's a wino or something but my wife she likes that taste of of the of the wine. Boy, that I I I thought I could I used to could say that and maybe maybe this is a different she she she Well, brother Brandham said, let let me make her more spiritual than you were trying to make her in your mind. Brother Brandham said, "You ought not." He said, "No, no." He said, "I don't eat anything after I've taken communion." Because he said, "I want the taste of that." And he's speaking spiritually, but he said, "I want the taste of that to linger on my tongue. I have to watch my wife at Passover when it comes to her rose. You know, she likes that fl doesn't matter. We We don't have to like it or not like it. That's not what we're talking about. The king likes it. The king likes it. And Moab was producing some wine that stunk because it had not been emptied off the dregs. It had not been poured out from the leaves. That that is the sediment that is left behind. It's an interesting thing. I've got to go on. What do you mean go on? Is it about time to stop? It is not. Moab typifies carnal religion, untried comfort, or passive resistance to refinement. God's judgment through Babylon would ultimately dismantle this illusion of safety that Moab was living under. God was giving Moab in Jeremiah 48 an opportunity to pour to be poured out, to separate yourself from that which makes you bitter, from that which makes you untasty, from that which causes you to stink. But Moab was stubborn and she was not willing to hear the word of the Lord. So God always has something to come rushing in. This time it was Babylon. And Babylon shook Moab to the core. And God took responsibility for it. Babylon was God's judgment on Moab because she liked her comfort, her ease. She liked her flavor. She was proud of her aroma. She was not willing to be poured from vessel to vessel. This judgment was based on spiritual stagnation. And Moab enjoyed ease without surrender, ease without transformation. We must have both. Who who who realizes? Anybody recognize I've got to make a full surrender. And and and I think I have before, but somehow I took the reigns. Somehow I took the wheel again. And here I am trying to co-pilot my life with Jesus. I'm trying to ride the horse with Jesus. Him holding one reign, I'm holding the other. But the reality is we've got to get out of the front seat. We we've got to get we've got to get up from behind. And we're not co-piloting. We're surrendering. We're submitting. We're letting his life come and drive us, push through us and for us. He He wants us. He wants fellowship with us that cannot take on the richness of his design. If there are still dregs hanging around in our life, if our spirit has become bittered, imbittered bitter. If resentment and blame, I don't have time for someone who only blames someone else in a two-part conflict. I'm not that stupid. I'm not. I've been in enough conflicts myself to know. You might have started it, but I didn't fix it. I didn't help it. Now, that makes me as guilty as you. Vice versa. I didn't do the right thing about it. You didn't do the right thing about it, maybe. And it just hangs there. The problem is it doesn't torment us or harass us maybe anymore. But it is slightly affecting the quality of our life, the aroma of our life, the taste of our life. When we give ourselves to the king, don't you want him to say, "That's the best my my my that's the best wine I've ever tasted." Don't you want him to swirl the bouquet and and say that praise that worship you're giving me is not it's not will worship. It's not it's not conformed praise. It's not following the crowd praise. It's not taking on the spirit of your pastor praise. It's coming from your heart and it and it tastes delicious and it smells amazing. That's the kind of wine we want to become. Oh, on the table of the Lord. Amen. Their taste remained. Their scent was unchanged. They were spiritually spoiled. Now, I want to quickly just make this comparison between Moab and another and another name, another another people that we're familiar with. And I have to do this. I haven't even preach. Oh my. Let me just not explain but talk, but but preach it. Let me give it to you. There's a comparison that we can draw uh between Moab and Leodysia. Wouldn't this preach if you had the time and you could and you were a preacher? I might not even be that. But but here here is the comparison quickly and it's big and I I had more than this and I just had to whittle it down. But God was not angry over the sins of commission for Moab or Leodysia. He was upset about what they were leaving undone. He was concerned about what they were omitting more than what they were committing. That was the same Moab. both people who appear religious but no longer passionately seek him. That's the Moabites. That's the Leodysans. And that's the spirit of the age. And if you think it won't touch somebody that belongs to him, if you think that spirit of Leodysia won't try to creep in a church, if you think that cold lukewarm, we shouldn't even say cold, that lukewarm thing, it won't try to get on you as a believer, you're terribly wrong. It'll try. you know, you're not a real candidate for it, but it'll hijack your life. It'll get on you and you'll get settled in your leaves and you'll become lukewarm and you'll end up being the puke out of his mouth. You heard me though, didn't you? He said, "I would rather you be hot or cold." But the lukewarm I will spew out of my mouth. Maybe you're too refined on to even understand the analogy. But I had some time on the farm with my papa and I know what water gets like when it sits all day in the sun. Shade. What shade? There was no shade. I would have had to be the shade. And I certainly was going to get to stand in one spot all day and keep the water cool because we were too busy digging sweet potatoes, which we never called a potato in my life. We only said sweet taters. That's all they were ever called. Then you you you're so you you beg you had to beg for a for a a break. You know, papa only was a a few day a week farmer and and he had to come back to work his other job and you got to get this done and and please let me have some water. All right. Go over there and you we left it at the end of the row. You go get it. You take a big sip sip of it. You don't want it. that that temperature I don't know if you would call it tepid tepid temp I don't know what you would say but it not cold not hot you get that down and if you drink too much he'd scream out don't drink too much tater bug I was little I was young don't drink too much tater bug you'll be be sick you drink too much of that lukewarm water and it'll go down and it'll start churning around Jesus using this same analogy I'd rather you be cold I'd rather weather, you'll be hot. That's right. Here it is. Revelation 3 uh in Jeremiah 48:11, we read it. Moabath been at ease from his youth. Leodysia. Revelation 3:15 through17. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou work cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. And of course, that certainly uh it certainly applies to to a church world out there. But I'm telling you that same kind of spirit, you and I have to overcome what? The spirit of the agemen. That means that spirit will creep in and try to make your wine bitter. Come on. It'll try to make your offering. It's not your wine. You're in service of the king. He'll try to make you stink in his nostrils. You've got to beat that lukewarm spirit back with all the strength you've got left in you. And so do I. Both both groups took this stillness or or or what looked like peace and calmness. They took it as spiritual health. Moab thought a lack of disruption was favor. Oh, as long as everything is all right, I'm I'm a happy man. As long as the kids aren't fighting and the wife is happy and the bills are paid and the truck is running, I'm a happy man. Don't you misunderstand. You'll go through seasons of h of of what looks like no troubles and peace and so forth. Don't always interpret that as as if God were pleased with your offering. 1 Corinthians chapter 10 talks about the wanderings of the children of Israel, doesn't it? They all ate the same mana. I know you're tired. I understand. Of course you are. You should be. You would be, but a little more unless you want to come back tonight. Uh, you all ate the same mana and you all drank the same spiritual drink. You drank of that rock that followed you and that rock was Christ. Pretty powerful revelation. Verse five, but with many of them God was not well pleased. Please, we know Nathan is tired. We hear him. Uh please don't mistake this idea that because your bills are paid and you're favored on your job that it's necessarily a sign that says God is pleased with your devotion and with your worship. Sometimes we go through seasonings seasons of of calmness. It's it's it's the eb and the flow of life. It can also be the eb and the flow of Christianity. No. No. Discern. Seek the Lord. Pray and ask him. Is this because you're favoring me in this hour or is this because I'm just in one of those seasons? Because if I'm just in a season of calmness and my life is not bringing you pleasure a and honor, then Lord, I I'd rather have a little heart. I'd rather have a little shaking. I'd rather have a little squeeze. I'd rather have a little press. If this uh overdue rapture is somehow causing any of us to get comfortable while Leodysia surrounds us, we ought to shake ourselves. We don't want to get comfortable with the delayed rapture and miss and miss our opportunity to be the finest wine. The wine the king deserves. God saw stagnancy in both Moab and Leodysia nonstability. Both were warned with strong language. God said to Moab, "I'll send unto him wanderers that shall cause him to wander." If you don't think the enemy will try to send wanderers into your life, he will try to send wanderers into your life. untamed wanderers. His ultimate goal to cause you to wander. We have to have patience, folks. We have to have patience with one another. It's not easy, but we do. If someone comes among us, you you you and I have no right to decide or determine how long we're going to give them. and need some help to conform. That's not our decision. Uh what we do want to do is discern if God has brought them to truth and is he leading them along or have they been sent as wanderers to influence you to wander? Going to be quiet now. Your standard doesn't come from the pew beside you. Your standard comes from the word. Cuz wanderers will come. Oh yes. Sister Nancy in Jerusalem. We introduced the message of the hour to her. Baptized her in the name of Jesus. She stepped aside from her pastoral work and uh loved the message, played the tapes, and she heard Brother Brandham talking about closedin shoes, which uh I I kind of like them, you know, too. Oldfashioned, I get it. And uh one day I was on tour with some of the seniors and I took off my socks. I you know the only appropriate place to wear socks and sandals I think is Germany and Israel. So I had on I had on hiking socks and and uh Israeli sandals. And I took off my socks and put my feet in the water. And God forbid I didn't put my socks back on. This is minor, believe me, for for most folks. But Sister Nancy is a purist. She's just beginning to understand. And all she knows is the quote said, you know, that was in her heart. She wasn't trying to be critical. Uh although she got a stern I think she got a stern answer. Maybe she shouldn't have had such a stern answer. I don't know why her pastor would have done that to her, but she said, "Uh, uh, Brother Shel, I I I'm not meaning to judge or condemn, but she said, "I would like to mention the fact that I I I I see you didn't put your socks back on." She said, "Wouldn't that fall under such and such a quote and and so forth, and wouldn't that really wouldn't that be really like going against the word you've heard and so forth?" And I said, "Now, just hold it right there. These are different circumstances than the circumstances that I have at home. First of all, number one. And number two, if I thought that going for a little while without my socks was going to affect my spirituality or my relationship with the Lord, I wouldn't do it. But I have come to understand that life happens and my satisfaction can no longer be found in some rule. It must be by conviction. Now the next morning I got dressed and guess I put my socks back on. You see, we can't be so legal that we decide someone who has come for oh, let's say three years, they ought to be towing the line. Would you just hear the Lord and would you just ask him to show you as I am asking him to show me? Are there any drags? I'm not in any way suggesting compromise. Oh, no. I just feel like there are bigger things that we could be concerned about than a little tower. I truly believe that it would be better if everybody just looks internal. Amen. If someone's hair barret is a little fancier than you like, don't ever buy one like it. And don't follow the trend. Don't let me see you needing a dozen just like it. You don't like them. Leave them alone. We must not I'm giving you balance. We must not get caught up in the logistics and miss the fact. I want to tell you something. I don't think going without your socks is making your wine bitter. It's that resentment. It's that unforgiveness. It's that envy that we still deal with on a regular basis. It's that it's that shifting blame. It's it's the other things that God is dealing with us about through the series of offense. It's offense that we carry. I it it's judging someone's motive. We think we know why they do it. I have been shocked at times to find out that what I thought was the reason that someone did something. You know, we get to a place where we think everyone thinks like us. Everyone processes life like us and we we think there's like a conspiracy plot why she handed her a piece of graduation cake before she handed it to me. And and I know what that means. You do. And you've got this whole you know thing and and uh you know that one got two two pieces of chicken and I only got one. Well then you might sometime have to do like I had to do to sweet sweet Joanna. She just was kind of twirling me a little cheese. I said I'm going to need a little more than that. There's a lot there. Just Just that was better than going off and saying, "Boy, she really gave it to Benjamin. He got all the cheese he wanted and I just got a little tiny thread on mine." You laugh. It's funny, but I'm a pastor and I've had people sit on my sofa and tell me stories more ridiculous than a little cheese because it starts amplifying and multiplying and screaming in your ear and you start connecting the dots and the next thing you know you become so paranoid. Hello. Those are the kind of things we hold on to and they compound and they piggyback with one another and we start getting resentment and bitterness and then we come and we offer our wine to the Lord. And he says, you know, that could smell a little better. It's settled in the leaves. Are you still here? I'm coming to to uh I'm coming to uh I'm coming to another point. To Moab, he said, "I'll send the wanderers that'll cause him to wander." To Leodysia, he said, "I will spew thee out of my mouth." I don't want either one of those. Uh there there are scriptures that we'll talk I I'll I'll make I'll make this another series or or a couple other messages, but I I'm going to I'm going to jump to a few highlights just to leave something with you because I often never get to the punchline. It's one of my problems. I want to I want to give you Philippians 1:6 real real quickly because I want to encourage you. I want you to be encouraged, not discouraged. I want you to know that if if the word of the Lord passes by and says to us, uh, to some are settled on their leaves, it's not because he's about to turn his back on you and and leave you to to your bitterness or to your or to your or to your or to your or to your or to your It's simply because he's saying, "It's time. It's time. It's time. It's past time for you to be poured on from one vessel to another because if you always do what you've always done, you'll always be what you've always been. It's time to be poured again. It's time to change vessels. Leaving behind the dregs of the last season, of the last experience, of the last battle, of the last big event. Yeah. Naturally, in the natural, do you ever feel like you just go from one event to the next just where you're planning something all the time, you dread it, you dread that doctor's appointment, then it's over and you dread the next one. It's just like there's always something to dread. There's always something to worry you. There's always some Look, folks, that's life. But here is the reality. Being confident of this very thing that he Hallelujah. Who are you talking to? You. You. You, you, you, you, you. Every one of us. And you on that stream. I know. I'm confident. I've seen what God can do. He which hath begun a good work in you. Your destiny is not irreparable. He wouldn't call to you if he intended to leave you without his help. You see, you cannot pour yourself. You cannot pour yourself from one vessel to another. Only he can. So if you could do it, if you could do it on your own, let me ask you this question. If you're here and if you could do it on your own, you would already done it. You you you'd have already come to that place, perfect love, and all the virtues stacked in and uh you're just speaking the word. I mean, you are doing more than giving little fish their their life. You are giving people their life, loved ones their life. you you are not just uh uh concerned about little things but you you're really you would be on it. How many of you would be just on it if you could have done it yourself? You'd have already done it. Let me let me see your hand. I I would have already done it. I I would have already been there. But the reality is you you don't get to pour from one vessel to another. Only the master can. But what you have got to do is make sure that you don't get comfortable in the vessel that you're in now. That you don't cry out for more of him. Because if the deep is calling to the deep, guess what that means? It means that there's a deep over there that that is waiting to respond to the call that's in here. If you quit letting the deep cry out to the deep, you'll stay in your in your vessel and you'll and your wine will become bitter and contaminated. So you start crying out to the master. I want to be the wine in your chalice. I I want to be, oh God, like perfume poured on your feet. Amen. I I want my eyes to run down with tears so that I can worship you the way that I desire to worship you. And and the master says, "Okay, are are you sure? Are you sure that's what you want? Then I'm gonna I'm gonna direct the pastor and he'll preach us preach something and it'll it'll it'll uh it'll offend your mind because I want to reveal your heart. Sometimes God will let things come that will offend our mind so that he can reveal our heart. You start crying out, I want to give you I want I want I want to and he'll say okay. Are are you are you sure? That's right. Because I know exactly how to pour you out of one end to the another. Oh, I want it. I want it. I want it. In ancient wine- making, the process of refining wine involved carefully pouring from one vessel to another, leaving behind the dregs, the leaves, the sediment. This process was called racking. Racking. The process of transferring wine from one vessel to another allows the wine to clarify. Those who know wine can look at the wine in the glass and call it clear or cloudy. Fine wine. I I I mean, thank God for Google. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of expert and nor my wife. But did you know wine like a diamond is initially judged by its clarity? I mean, it all looks red to me if it's red. All looks yellow to me if it's white. I don't know the difference. But there's somebody that knows if your wine is cloudy. There's somebody who knows if it's taking on the flavor of the dreg. There's someone who knows if it's taking on the aroma of your last battle, your last event, your last skirmish. I may not know, but there's somebody that does know that racking, the process of transferring one vessel to another allows the wine to clarify and deepen in character. The leaves or dregs are that thick residue that settles at the bottom of a vessel during fermentation. If wine is left too long on the leaves, if it's left too long with the dregs in the bottom, its flavor turns harsh and even its aroma becomes corrupted. We will journey through the sacred process of wine making over over the next few few services uh perhaps because I can't tell you what Tuesday night will be. But I want to give you just a few more minutes and be done because I know that you can only handle so much and and and me also. I don't know where to go or stop. That's the that's my problem. But but let me let me just share some thoughts with you for just a moment. in Jeremiah 48:11 that we read in the beginning, the image to describe the complacency of Moab. Spiritually, it was a warning to any life that resists the refining pore of God. When we refuse to be poured from vessel to vessel, when we get comfortable, when we settle in comfort or pride or pain, we take on the aroma of the flesh. We smell like flesh instead of smelling like spirit, like him, like Christ. We take on the aroma of the flesh instead of the fragrance of Christ. From a final racking vessel, the journey starts like this. From vine to vessel. From vessel to vessel. From from a final racking vessel to another more honorable vessel. There is an end. There is an end. And that is the more honorable vessel, the chalice of our bridegroom king to make it to the king's cup to be a sip in his mouth. Do you follow the analogy? The call of the message is a clarion call. It's not merely to endure our trials to get through them, but we need to understand them. I'm gonna say that again. it didn't have much impact. Uh we're not just trying to endure them. We we want to understand them. Can anybody see the wisdom of wanting to know why? Now, you don't always get to know why. But God is not a he's not cruel. No. And the reason why we want to understand the process is so that we don't have to do it again. Amen. Has anybody ever had to take the test again? Let me see you wave. If you've ever had to go back and take the test again, I'm talking about a spiritual test now because you didn't understand. You didn't understand what the test had come to teach you. Oh Lord, help us understand. When believers avoid discomfort or resist transition spiritually, they begin to settle in their old attitudes, their old offenses, their old compromise. Zephaniah 1:12, look. And it shall come to pass at that time that I will search Jerusalem with candles and punish the men that are settled on their leaves. Those who say in their heart, "The Lord will not do good, neither will he do evil." I can't hear from the Lord. Where is the Lord? I have felt that way. You've just got to be careful about your tone because he's there. He's watching. You are fermenting. Something is ha is happening. He's not playing with you. Don't you see God as some uh uh you know freakish scientist somewhere and you're his experiment? Oh no. He's a loving creator. He made you thus. He desires to shape you and mold you and make you. He wouldn't let anything come into your life if there wasn't a lesson to learn out of it. And that which he started, he's more than able to perfect and finish. If you believe that, if you believe that, could you squeeze out an amen? I want to go I want to go with this as we as we wind down. And this will have to be covered more more clearly, but it starts in the in the vineyard. You know, the the grape doesn't choose itself and jump in the basket. Ask Nathan a ask the shellies. He did a lot more of grape harvesting than we did. But two days we harvested grapes in Israel and uh so close to the ruins of of Shiloh or Shilo where the tabernacle set for 300 years that we could cut a cluster of grapes and turn our head and see the ruins see it sitting on the other side of the highway. Now, if that won't kind of give you some kind of something powerful, it's a reset for sure. To say the least, it's a reset. Those grapes are so juicy. They're wine grapes. And you cut them and bump them against one another and the juice runs down your arm. your your genes get coded. Ask Ask Nathan again. Uh because we were down in Jerusalem. He was up in in in that area and um we got to help my wife got to help him on occasion with laundry and we laughed about the fact that we could stand his jeans up in the laundry room before we washed them because they're so stiff with sweat and grape juice. It's a messy process. They had to teach us what clusters, what a what a real cluster looks like, what what the right thing looks like. And and because the the grape doesn't choose itself. It doesn't jump off the vine into the basket and say, "I'm going to be wine." Aren't you glad? That's what you've got to remember. I wouldn't have chose me. You wouldn't have chose you in your lowest point in your lowest point. When you see yourself, you'd say, "I would have never chosen." Aren't you glad that you didn't do the choosing? Hallelujah. You have not. John 15:16, which by the way is the chapter about the vine. John 15:16. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you that ye should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it to you. But you can't get to John 15:16 without passing through John 15:2. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it. Come on. He could have separated us from the vine and tossed us in the heap, but instead he just pruned us a little. And you know what happens when you prune? Yes, sir. You just start uh uh you just start shooting off in other directions. You just start getting bushier, branchier. you you just start flourishing. How many of you know the more the more little whatever I don't I don't guess they really have branches, but let's call them that for the sake of the analogy. You know, the more little branches you have because you've been pruned enough, the more potential you have for clustered grapes. Amen. He knows. He knows what he's doing. He knows what he's doing. And it has to happen at the right time. Yes, sir. Can't preach that now and they have to be washed. Grapes before they're crushed. You You don't throw the dirty grapes in. Not in Bible times. You don't throw the grapes in before they're clean because then you put more impurities in, make it harder to clean. They're cr before they're before they're put in the baskets to be carried to the to the press. Uh they are washed. And we can we'll talk about it. We'll show you this is not optional. Amen. Washing is preparation. And then they're crushed. Oh, goody. Oh, yay. What we all look forward to? My grace. Didn't he tell the apostle, "My grace is sufficient." How many of you found it thus far? His grace is sufficient. So, the crushing has to come. Can you show us just one of those pictures? Uh, this is a kind of dark, but this is a this is a a wine press in a cave in Israel. I'll show you some more later. Show us one uh show us the other picture I gave you. This is what it would have looked like. There are archaeological ruins of wine presses and olive presses from the north all the way to the south. It's incredible. Did you ever get tired of looking? Never. Never. Did you ever sit in the van because you just didn't want to look at another olive press? Never. I wanted to see them all. They were all unique. They all serve served a purpose and they all told my own story. It's necessary. Notice that they're not they're not crushing them in a machine. They're crushing them with their feet. And quite literally, it feels that way sometime when you're going through that process. Everybody's stepping on me. God has a plan. Say amen. I want I want to give you the four vessels without any much explanation. I I can't I can't go very far into it, but I want to give you the four that we will talk about. A vessel of misunderstanding, a vessel of public gaze, a vessel of long dark trials, a vessel of strange guidance. No wine that sits on the master's table fills the king's chalice that doesn't go have to go through every one of those processes and probably half a dozen more. But we're going to narrow it down to these because our goal is not to stay too long in the dregs of misunderstanding or to stay in the dregs too long in the vessel of public gaze or in the vessel of long dark trials or the vessel of strange guidance. Our goal is to get to the king's cup. Well, well, what's going to happen when we get to the king's cup? He's going to drink us. Well, then what happens? Then are we no more? That's exactly right. That's exactly right. It is an invisible union. Yes, sir. It is a mystical union. It cannot be described in earthly terms. But it it's the reality of being in Christ. It's more than just meaning I'm in the church or I'm in the faith. To be in Christ, we are consumed. Everything that is left of us, e a everything that is refined, the rest is left behind in the in the dregs and the vessels of testing. All that's left behind of us is what smells like him and what tastes like him. And when he consumes, when he receives your praise, when he receives your worship, it is intoxicating. It it brings pleasure to the King of Kings and to the Lord of Lords. The vessel of misunderstanding. I'll describe it to you more detail another time because it it was actually used. It's a season of being misread. It's a season of being falsely judged. It's a season of being misrepresented. It's a season when your motives are questioned, your identity is misread, and your assignment is dismissed by others. They think they know where you are. Folks, nobody really knows where you are but you and him. Come on. Maybe in this season you you feel you're walking in obedience, but others can't see it and your motives are questioned. And very often the criticisms that come in that first this is after you've been poured out of the skin, the first vessel of fermentation, these are these are vessels. Once you've been poured into misunderstanding, you've already become fermented. The fermentation is not mature. But that takes place in a in a skin. So you're more familiar with the concept of the wine skin. But that was only the beginning of the process. The initial the initial fermentation would take place there and sometimes it would actually be poured back into a skin to then be preserved and carried on a journey or so forth. But it's what took place in between that is so so interesting uh spiritually. It's no fun. It's no fun. I'm telling you to live in in a cloud of misunderstanding is no fun. But I don't know if there's anybody in the house that hadn't been there, misunderstood. Now, you can't develop some kind of martyr complex and decide you're just going to eat worms for the rest of your life because everybody's so against you. No, no, no, you can't. These trials didn't come to drive you into that sense of despondency and depression. They came to let you know that your dependency is not on man for your approval. Hallelujah. You don't have to have anybody else's approval. If the king is tipping his hat to you, if the king says, "I'm on the case." If the Hallelujah. If the king says, "I know what I'm doing, sir." If you can trust him, you'll get through it. Amen. I remember the time I heard the Lord say, "I'm going to make you a gazing stock." Oh, boy. A gazing stock. You see, my God often speaks King James English. And he does that so that you can go figure out what it means. And a gazing stock is not the same thing as being a star on a pedestal. Being a gazing stock doesn't make you admired. It makes you a mystery. It makes you an enigma. It puts you in the vessel of misunderstanding where people can only hear your words and and judge your motives because they can't see your heart. patiently endure. There's something that has more pressure coming. Amen. If you think that's tough, I'll show you before we're through with this. I'll show you some biblical examples. One being Nehemiah. If anybody knew what it meant to be misunderstood, Nehemiah did. He just wanted to see restoration. And the people went around and said, "He just wants to be the king. Nehemiah had no no aspiration of being the king. He just wanted to see the gates restored. He just wept because the walls of the city of the city of Jerusalem were broken down. Right? He didn't want to be king. He didn't want to be the boss. He just wanted to see the breach restored. People are going to misunderstand you. If you have a zeal to help, if you have a zeal to get something done, that's not what people are going to see first. He's a takeover. She just pushes her way in to do it all. Brother, sometimes it's just because you can't help yourself. You see a need. You want to jump up and get it done before somebody has a committee meeting to decide who. It don't take a committee meeting to figure out who's going to pick up the trash. Come on. There's another vessel. We'll get to it another time. In that vessel of misunderstanding, let me just tell you, it's a dark vessel. And so, you can't really see what's going on on the inside. So, a lot of the things that are spoken about you and over you and to you are are are wrong. They're not true. But just wait a minute. There's some more criticisms coming because the next vessel is is shallow and wide and and gray and easier to see into. You you get the point. So what they told about you in this other season was speculation and misunderstanding. But now now what's told is the ugly truth. Every bubble. Did you know that sometimes wine lets off a belch? Pressure. There are certain stages of the fermentation where the seal has to be broken. It has to be because it it it will belch and uh it ain't good. It's the gases that are forming in the fermentation process. And I want you to know right away it does not smell like wine. It smells more like sauerkraut. and and and how embarrassing it is that in that vessel of public gaze, everybody uh se sees you, sees your faults and smells your burps. Boy, that's carnal, but you got it. And what they tell about you is sometimes the ugly truth. And you want out of there as fast as you can get. And God says, "There's a time you're going to learn to shut your mouth. You're going to learn not to follow every whim, every feeling, every every every zeal. You're you're going to have a zeal, but you're going to have one according to knowledge and wisdom. You're you're you're not going to uh hear what the pastor said and then make yourself more of a distraction. You're going to try to be less of one. See, but when you're in that vessel of public gaze, it's all hanging out. And it's hard because you also see things in you that you didn't didn't know were there. Thank God. Thank God because you can't pray, Lord, reveal my heart and then and then uh you know, get mad at what you see. But you don't have to stay there. You don't have to keep that. Moving on. that vessel of public gaze. Let's get out of there fast as we can. There was one in the Bible, several in the Bible who experienced that. One being Judah. His prostitute, his his uh widow, widowed daughter-in-law was selling herself as a prostitute on the side of the road. and holy Judah. Holy criticized everybody. Had something to say about every other church. Judah. The next thing he knows, he's he's picked up his own widowed daughter-in-law under a veil and has lay with her. And when confronted, it's true. You just couldn't deny that. There's no getting out of that. And you know what Judah's response was? Not like today. That never happened. That's grossly exaggerated. There's nothing to I have nothing to say about the matter. He said, "She is more righteous than I am." Amen. You see, when you get poured out of that vessel of public gaze, pride is left behind and hypocrisy is left behind and pretense is left behind. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Another part of your mask is stripped off. And you're getting sweeter. I pray we don't have to go through what Judah went through. I'm not in any way insinuating. Then the vessel of long dark trials. You're poured from public gaze to long dark trials. And I don't even want to talk about it. Job, David. You reckon David ever said, "How many times do I have to be anointed king before I actually see a a throne?" But God has that place. Oh, he has that place. Wiggle just a little bit. Uh so that you're not numb. God has that place. It's long. It's dark. It's a trial, but something's going to be left behind. Hallelujah. A lot of stuff. Entitlement. Entitlement. Some people strut through life in community especially as though they have earned some position or some place. The problem with a sense of entitlement is it's often birthed in self-pity. It's a charade. A person who acts like they deserve more than someone else, that person has has gone through that season of feeling so sorry for themselves. And when they overcome self-pity, it transforms into this sense of spiritual pride. I sometimes I don't mean to be irreverent all the time, but sometimes I call it bride pride. And I've seen a lot of it in my day. I saw him, no one else saw him. I heard him, no one else heard him. I believed him, no one else believed him. We're going and ain't nobody else going. Nobody's saved. I hear outlandish, unbiblical lies. Nobody's saved but the bride. Where did the messenger say such? Where did the scripture say such? The scripture said, "Whosoever calleth upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." We're not talking about being saved. We're talking about overcoming. The bride doesn't just find salvation. She finds redemption. Redemption takes you all the way back to the original thoughts of God. Amen. The the whole world won't find that place. But there's a bride who will. And that ought not to make us proud. No, sir. It ought to make us thankful. It ought to make us crawl instead of strut. The last one. Musicians are coming. I knew this would would drag like this. The vessel of strange guidance. Oh, it's biblical. Why in the world would God pick us up from a great revival, a move of the spirit, and take us to Gaza? In a desert in Acts, Philillip was taken, translated, moved by spiritual means from a move of God that was going down going on in Jerusalem to Gaza. Are you familiar with the term? Guess where it is? Gaza. That's what we're talking about when we talk about the Gaza Strip. It was the land of the Philistines. We're talking about the land of the Philistines. Why would God give you such strange leadership? Because the queen of Ethiopia, Candace, she has a unic that she has sent to figure these strange tales out. And he sits in a chariot reading the word of God. And Philillip finds himself from revival to desert. Where am I? Why is God leading me here? Why am I having to leave everything that I'm familiar with and everything I love and the culture that I have embraced and I'm out here in the middle of the desert and here comes an Ethiopian unic humming to himself riding in a chariot. And Philip said, "May maybe that's maybe that's it." finds that he's reading a scroll. Somebody had a scroll. He's reading a scroll. Understand thou what thou readest. No. No. I can't lie. Uh how can I unless there's someone to teach me. And Philip says, "Oh my, this is my cue. One, you give up a a Billy Graham crusade. You're you're you're you're you're winning thousands and God puts you out there. You ever had God to shift you? Oh yes. Listen, folks who who are many folks here, I I I'm going to say it anyway, even though I know there's others hearing it. The reality is you you were uh you you you you carry a label just for being here this morning. It's okay. It's hurtful. Do you ever take it personal? I do. And I have to shake myself out. But sure, sure. We're all human. We can take things personal. But the reality is sometimes God has to give us strange guidance, put us in strange circumstances because there was something in us that cannot fall to the bottom by just doing what everybody else is doing. Oh, could I say so much but I have said too much. We could we can we can now if you're more comfortable we could possibly go back and sing only songs from the 50s if that makes people more comfortable because we find that those who criticize the worship here are most often the ones who stream it and who adapt it and use it in their own churches in moderation because they love it because there are because there are people there's a generation I don't want to miss the hymns in fact the hymns are usually sung first and I can't always be out here and brother Greek can tell you I often say I need to get out there when you're singing the lamb is the in the city where the lamb is the light I have visions I go back in my mind to precious memories of Neil Johnson dancing across Sister Isabel. Neil Johnson dancing across the back of the Tucson tabernacle. We were singing Holy Ghost at your feet dancing and then he comes to lead the worship uh the next service and he's singing the city where the lamb is the light. It was the first time I'd ever heard it in my life and I fell in love and I said what a song. What a song. I love the old songs. That's what I listen to when it's just me. Sometimes I force my family to because I think it's my responsibility to expand their repertoire so they get to spend part of their time in heaven on the southern gospel side with me. Wouldn't it be terrible to be anyway? But I don't believe that God quit inspiring sir when Fanny Crosby died. Don't Don't mis don't mistake this. I love it. I shall know him. I shall know him. It means more knowing where it come from. Someone who who wouldn't have seen him in the natural had she lived in his day. But I don't have to worry about that because when I get my eyes when I see I'm going to know him. Nothing more beautiful than that. But to but to think it's not inspired or it's somehow contaminated because it doesn't come out of the only belief book is the is is narrowminded and and quite stifling because sometimes God wants to show up and tell you in you brother in you brother in you sister is a lion. Right. Not a pussycat, a lion. And his name is the lion of the tribe of Judah. And he doesn't want to purr in you. He wants to roar sometime. He wants his voice to be heard in your praise. He wants the sound of eternity to reverberate from your lungs as you lift up your voices to exalt him. The pillar of fire keeps moving. The grace of God keeps building. He's preparing a bride who will fit right in that cup with all the dregs left behind. Let's stand. Wow. Don't despair. He who started a good work Don't get comfortable in your season because there's another one with your name on it. The same God who was with you in the in the vessel of misunderstanding will be with you in the vessel of public gaze. the same God with you in the public gaze when you have made a royal um gesture of yourself. That's the same God that will will go with you through the vessel of long dark trials when you're begging to get out. You're not going anywhere. You and I are not leaving that vessel of long dark trials until we learn that it's in the midnight. It's in the darkest night. It's in the It's in the place where where we ought to be asleep that a song is being birthed in us. Uh, Brother David, excuse me, brother Daniel pulled out this old song uh at the graduation after was we were just having fun. He and he pulled out that old song called Out and there we were we were singing that with everything that we had. There's some lines in there that I have reung over the last few days. Look it up. See, if it doesn't tell us in in in in order to to move up, we have to we have to sometimes be called out, poured out from one vessel to another. In that in that moment of long dark trial for Paul and Silas, the verse said uh long about midnight, Paul began to pray. And Silas started to sing. That's got to be you. That's got to be me. Even in the long dark trial, you got to let the Holy Spirit birth a song in your heart. Total praise. The best praise is painful praise. The most holy worship is the one that cost you something. You can worship because he brought you through or because you know he's bringing you through. Same God will be with you in strange leadership in strange guidance. Should the Holy Spirit come by and say, "I want you to grow a beard." Now, that only applies to a brother or the or the Holy Ghost come by and say, "Shave it off. I got a purpose in it." Or the spirit of the Lord come by and I I want you to to go there and do that. I want you to drive to a certain place and pray this prayer. Not only, you know, others will think you're crazy. You you you think you're crazy. You You think you're crazy. you better do it anyway. I remember the times that God sent me on assignment that looked stupid to me. I was embarrassed to even tell what I was doing. I remember one night the spirit of God said uh these folks are not here but God said they're fighting and it's bad and I want you to go I want you to stand on the outside of their home in their yard and I want you to not be seen. Don't go to the door or the window, but I want you to pray what I put in your heart. And I'm going to protect the life because of it. What do you do if you know the voice? If you know, you better do it. You better do it. And you'll get that. You'll get these maybe not that extreme, but you you'll get it in that in that vessel. you you're you'll you'll you'll make decisions that are not that that don't seem good decisions and long terms and but you're learning to hear his voice. Uh if you want an example in my last uh thoughts, Benjamin, be ready. I know you've been ready a while. God says to a prophet, I'm going to give you a caribou. His horns are going to be exactly so many. You know, I'm going to I'm going to give you this. I'm going to give you that. Brother Brandham makes this statement that God was really teaching him to trust. You'll learn. God gave uh David that kind of confidence, didn't he? He let him kill a lion and the bear. That wasn't the real goal. It wasn't really a caribou. There was something bigger. There was a giant about to get in his way. And he got confidence by letting God speak to him in the little things, in the small things. He began to know and discern the voice of God. How many of you want that? I've got to know his voice. Porus, pour us, Lord. from vessel to vessel, leaving behind the bitter drags, the stinking rotten flesh. Jesus, and I don't know how to say exactly how I feel. And I can't begin to tell you what your love has meant. I'm lost for words. Oh Jesus, thank you. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are my dearest friend. Lord Lord, this is my desire. just to pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I'll pour my love on you. And it praises like perfume. I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, Lord. Like water from my heart. I just want to pour my love on you. And if praise is like perfume, then I'll lavish mine on you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you. And I don't know how to say exactly how I feel. And I can't begin to tell you what your love has meant. I'm lost for words. [Music] And is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are? You're my dearest friend. [Music] Oh Lord, this is my desire. I just want to pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I'll pour my love on you. Oh, and it praises like perfume. Then I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. And I'll pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink. Like water from my heart. Lord, I just want to pour my love on you. Oh, and it praises like perfume. I lish mine on you till every drop is gone. And I'll pour my love on you. like oil upon your feet and like wine for you to drink. Like water from my heart. I want to pour my love on you, Lord. When it praises like perfume you then I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone and I'll pour my love on you. I don't know how say exactly how I feel. And I can't begin to tell you what your love has. I'm lost for words. And is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express Lord how truly great I think you are. You're my dearest friend. Oh, this is my desire just to pour my love on you like oil upon your feet. And like wine for you to drink, like a water from my heart, I just want to pour my love on you. And it praisees like perfume. I lish mine on you till every drop is gone. Oh, and I'll pour my love [Music] on on you and like oil upon your feet and like wine for you to drink. Like a water from my heart. I will pour my love on you. Oh, and it praises like perfume. Lord, I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. Oh, and I'll pour my love on you. And like upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like a water from my heart. I'll pour my love on you. And if praise is like perfume, I'll lish mine on you. you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I pour my love on you. And if praise is like perfume, I lish mine on you till every drop is gone. And I'll pour my love on him. Don't you want to know and discern his voice? Don't you want out of this season if it's time? Only he knows. Only he knows. We don't want to lodge one extra night in the wilderness, do we? We don't want to spend one extra day of our lives in in a vessel that's just settling on the leaves. Lord, we're ready to be poured out. We're ready to go from vessel to vessel. If if you think we're ready, we are ready. May we know your voice. May we discern your heart. The spirit of the Lord would say that I feel it so strongly that there are giftings and callings, truths spoken over your life that are not operational. Some have been operational at other times, in other vessels, in other seasons and circumstances. But what I believe this season, the last 10 days or so that we've been moving the way we've been moving, I I think that the season is simply about God desiring to restore, to bring restitution in your life, to reactivate those ways that he has used you before in service. words of wisdom and words of knowledge, understanding like you have known before. There were some promises that were directly connected to Mariah's birth. We shared a portion of it the other night. It had to do with the with the lingering of the birthing process and the fact that all of us have have something to bring to maturity, something to do for him, something to be for him. And there's been delay and there's been struggle in many of our lives. And I believe God will loose us if we're willing to be loosed. I'm willing. I'm I'm past that point. One of those words was a restoration of of healing gift. We're we're we're we're far too sick and some of it is our own poor decisions. But I believe that healing is still the children's bread. Anybody believe that? Amen. And and I want to I want to be able to pray again with with full expectation instead of sometimes praying and and and and thinking we already know the outcome, but I'm going to pray anyway because that's what a Christian would do, but our faith really isn't there. We're just sort of go, I've been there. I've been there. Somebody asked you to pray for them and you're thinking in in what for? I know that sounds horrible. But you get to that place where you're not seeing the result and so you're thinking, "What must we do?" I believe God wants to restore things like that in our lives. Faith needs to be anointed and and raise up and those those dregs. We've been preaching about them really calling them offenses for for all of this year. And they will rise up to stop the flow. How many of you know that you'll flow and then the an offense will come back and pop up and somebody will, you know, get your feathers ruffled and you will just let let it I I I I know there's got to be a an end in sight as we come into maturity. I can't ask you or force you. I can only I can only mention that I believe God will do it if we can yield. Telling somebody, teaching someone to yield is the hardest thing ever because what it really means is you got to let go. And no one wants to turn the wheel over to someone else. We have to let go. If you also feel some shifting in your life and some seasons of change and you've been also feeling I've had so many people say, "Pastor, I'm feeling something too. Something is shifting. God is doing something and I want to cooperate with him." Would you would you just raise up both of your hands right now? There's no I'm not saying that's some kind of miracle connection, but it is the international sign of surrender. Lord, we just surrender. This can't come from our lips. It has to come from deep within. It has to come from a deeper place than our mind, our will, and our emotions. It has to come from our inner being. That uh fallen human spirit now redeemed and regenerated by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Spirit crying out to spirit. deep crying out to deep. Lord, I sense a moving that is not emotional. It's deeper than that. Fill us with a new passion for you. Stir us out of this season. We have grown comfortable at times, refusing to move, refusing to bend, refusing to change. But today Lord we we say uh uh not our will but rather as it is in heaven let it be so in earth. We are earthn vessels and we're asking that the will of heaven, the purposes of heaven, the mind of the kingdom of God would land in these vessels and transform us by your word, not by feeling, by word, from glory to glory, from faith to faith, from strength to strength. Oh yes. Oh yes. Somebody's waiting on God to take out the desire for one thing and give give you the desire for another thing. No, no, we're past that. It's it's what we can do. And that's just surrender to his sovereign grace and will. And brother, he can set you free, sister. He can set you free. He is a deliverer. If you spend all your time in guilt and condemnation, it's nothing but a lie from hell. The Holy Spirit is not doing that. The Holy Spirit convicts with hope. The devil lies with condemnation, guilts with condemnation. There is a difference. How many of you have recognized the difference? If you discern the voice of the spirit today, you'll hear him calling you higher, not whipping you for the last time or judging you because you weren't doing enough. That's not who he is. That's not what he's doing today. He's just inviting us. Lord, we yield to you. We yield to you our will. And we may have to do it again tomorrow, but we will. We will because we know it's the only way. Fill us with who you are. We no longer chase a feeling. We're chasing the reality of transformation that relationship with you brings. Fathers, Lord, chains gone, lies overwritten with the truth of God's word. to no longer believe accusations uh from darkness, but to believe truth that says I can be. I am what God says I am. Are you willing to take God's word for who you are? That means you have to quit listening to the other voices. Separate yourself from unbelief. Send the moaners and the groaners out of the room. Jesus had to separate yourself from the moaners and the groaners so that you can speak with authority. Watch God help you. Watch God rescue you. He will. He is our provision. Isn't he? He He is this El Shadai, this Jehovah Gyra. It's more. It's more. It's more than just a provider. Yes, El Shadai. He's more than just the many breasted one. That word El Shadai means more than that. It also means I'm the God of ultimate ruin. And I will do I can do for you what you cannot do for yourself. No wonder we call him El Shadai. Lord, you can do for us right now in your presence what we have never been able to do for ourselves. We surrender to your sovereign grace. Woo. We're not asking you to take the burden. We're asking you to give us strength to praise you in the storm. Like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink. Like water from my heart. I pour my love. I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink. Like water from my heart, I pour my love on you. Give praisees like per you. I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you like oil upon your feet. like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I just want to pour my love on you. If praise like perume, I'll lish mine all you drop. Ask you to to just touch your neighbor, sister to sister, brother to brother. I just wanted to ask you to just whisper a prayer for one another for just a moment or or shout it out. I don't care. I'm not telling you how. I shouldn't have said it that way. I meant just join together for a moment. Lord, this is my brother. This is my sister. I don't pretend to know what they need. I don't pretend to have all the answers, but I'm asking you right now, Lord, to do what you've promised to do. Build his faith. Restore peace and joy. If it's missing, may he have an encounter with you that changes so much. May there be a a shift, a paradigm shift that takes them out of striving and interesting. Oh, if we could just trust you, Lord. There are so many people with trust issues. And I understand not trusting flesh and trusting men, but Lord, we we've got to be able to trust you. You've never had anything but our best interest in your heart. If you're doing it, you've got a purpose and a plan. Bless my brother. Bless and encourage my sister right now. May they may they have grace to birth and manifest that that's growing in their spirit that's like you that's unto you. That's for you. That's for your glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let him move. I know the hour. I know how late it is. But let him move just a minute. Sometimes the Holy Spirit just wants to seal in one little tiny portion that was for you. Let him do that right now. Let him make something real to you that you will take with you when you leave here. Jesus. Three steps to overcoming. Keep your eyes on Jesus and off of people. Number one. Number two, keep your eyes on Jesus and off of people. That's number two. And then number three, keep your eyes on Jesus and off of people. If we watch one another, we'll stumble. There's a king in the house. And he tells us just look to me. Look away to me. Look away to me. Lord, I want to look above my problems, my feelings, my emotions, my circumstances. And I just want to see your face. And that means to just stand in your presence and know that it will be all right because you said so. You said so. The devil howls and says a thousand other things, but I'm tuning my my ear. Somebody ought to tell the Lord right now, I'm tuning my ear to hear your voice over my life. I'm going to ask the Lord to sanctify somebody's imagination. It needs to be sanctified. We can we can become paranoid by an unsanctified imagination. God gave you that imagination. It's a gift. is not your enemy, but it's got to be sanctified or you will create thoughts and judgments that are not right, that are not of God. You even have the ability to create memories that are not real, that do not exist. If your imagination is not sanctified under the Lord, we ask for that. We ask for our dreams to be sanctified. We don't want to be tormented in the night. You're the God in the night season just like you are in the day season. We don't want to be tormented in our sleep. We don't we don't want lustful thoughts or images to haunt us in the night or violence to haunt us in the night. May we release any traumatic thought or memory that is causing us to be hung in that cycle of darkness. It's not just light we're looking for. It's it's it's Jesus. Don't get new age. It's Jesus. He is the light. I am the light of the world. If there is a light at the end of the tunnel, guess who it is? It's Jesus. Peace. Peace be upon you. Now, love one another for just a moment. Sister Shosana wants to take just a moment to share a testimony. It has to be quick because this service is already way way over length. But I wanted you just to take a minute and hug. I know I've I know you've hugged him. You've hugged her maybe this morning already when you were getting here. But there's something something about around the altar. Wow. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. I hope you have the most wonderful and restful afternoon. I hope the peace of God will settle over you and when you have to go to work tomorrow, you feel renewed and strengthened. Do you know God can do that for you when your pastor takes too much time? He can make you make you uh feel rested. I believe he will if you let him. Isn't he good to us? The rest of you can slip back to your seats. I think it's on now. Want to do this for what he preached about. Wait just a moment. Make sure we can get it on. Testing. One, two, three. when he said about strange guidance, something just was like the Lord speaking to me, saying, "I need you to open your mouth and not just praise me in your home." This week, I was at the house by myself one day for a few hours and I was really struggling emotionally and I was like, "Lord, I don't understand. I don't really understand what I'm feeling. I don't know why this heaviness. And I just got thinking about the goodness of the Lord in my life and in my family. Yes. And there was such a lesson that the Lord just pressed back into my heart. And I feel like this morning, not just for me, if we were to go around this room, if we had time, each one of us could share what the Lord has done, miracle after miracle of provision after provision. And I was in my early 20s and a friend said to me, she said, "How do you know God's real?" And I said, "Honey, I knew God was real before I was 5 years old. How do you not know God is real when you have a baby sister that doctors said should be aborted because your mom wouldn't live through the pregnancy and she's now got two children of her own?" How do you not believe when you've watched your dad be struck with lightning and live? How do you not believe when your sister-in-law was told you can't have children and God gave her children? How do you not believe when your sister was healed by by the supernatural divine power of God and it's not even in there's no medical cure for lupus and there's no trace of it in her blood. They said she wouldn't live to 21. She had children. She's 50. She's alive. How do you not believe when your mom had a heart murmur and was had it from the time she was 11 12 years old and had medical proof and when she was 60 she had a heart attack and my dad called her back from the grave. He said, "I've heard that death rattle all through my life in the barn." He said, "I knew she was going and I called her back." And Timothy prayed over her and he said, "Dad, you can take her in, but they're not going to find anything wrong with her heart." He took her in and there was nothing wrong with her heart. Not even what was already it was healed after that many years. And I just kept thinking, why do I still struggle to trust him when he tells me to step out on the water? Why do I Why do I still struggle? And recently somebody asked me, they were like, "What what is, you know, your greatest accomplishment in life?" And I just got thinking about it this week and I thought, I'm just still alive by his grace. And I keep saying yes. And when I throw in the towel, he throws it back at me. And there's been so many things this past season that keep coming up and it's like it's one thing after another after another. And I can't explain the peace that doesn't come from me. And I'm so grateful because there are things that normally would shake me. And I'm just like, Lord, I don't know how you're going to do it. I don't know how you're going to provide. And then I watch you provide over and over. And this morning, I was sitting there. It was just struck my heart so heavy. You young people who aren't married, right now is the time to build your foundation. Send those taproots deep. My sisters and I have have talked about this. When we were single, we had the chance to have prayer meetings. We had the chance to to really get to know Jesus. And he gave us the strength to walk in his will. And and now is the time for you to really dig deep. I know the world will pull on you. But if you'll just if you'll just make him a priority if you'll fall in love with Jesus now, it'll set you on a secure path for the rest of your life. You won't have to worry about you missing his voice. Cuz you'll know his voice. And when you hit the heavy winds, you'll have something in your own life to look back at and say, "But my God was real then. He was real then, so he's going to be real again." Exactly. Right. Exactly. Right. Amen. Peace. Peace. Wonderful peace. Father, go with us today. Surround us with your perfect peace. You are still I am. And we bless you. We love you. We thank you for healing and ministering to every need. As we leave this place, Lord, we go with we go with you because we know that you're with us. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you. Thank you for uh hearing the Lord and thank you for all you've done today to make this service what it has been. Thank Thank you you that made the effort to be earlier. Thank you. You want prayer? We're here for that. Sure he can. Sure the Lord can. Sure the Lord can heal an abscess. Oh yes he can. Sure he can. Lord, you sent your word to heal us. And and mama's just wanting to take you at your word and believe that you'll heal. We She hates for him to lose that tooth ahead of time. Lord, we don't know what you have in this, but we do know who you are. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we stand in faith believing for healing to go into that area of his mouth and bring restoration and healing. Let that infection pass from his mouth. leave his body in the name of Jesus. Lord, it must warm your heart for somebody to step up and say, "We we are going to we're going to the dentist. They want to we we've got a plan, but but I know you can heal him. Lord, there are people still on this earth who believe that you are Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. Won't you manifest yourself in Ezekiel's body for the glory of God? Hallelujah. You believe with us, Taliana? You believe Ezekiel? My pleasure. Don't ever hesitate to interrupt for that. That's why we're here. God bless you. You're dismissed to go today in the name of the Lord. Peace. Peace bless you. God's wonderful peace coming down. All this sweet love from the father above now. You all don't be jealous of all this love I'm getting. God bless you. God bless you. Oh, forever no collisions. I pray. I love you. [Music] Oh, sweetie. Love you. Oh, I've got peace. Wonderful peace. Wonderful peace coming down from the father. Love you above. Take that peace with you. Sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in the bless of love. One more time as you go. Well, I've got peace, peace, wonderful peace. And it's coming down from the father above. sweep over over my spirit forever. I pray in fathomless in fathomless billows in fathomless billows of love.
