################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Jesus, Our Shavuot The Mountain, The Fire, and The Fence - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    Jesus, Our Shavuot: The Mountain, The Fire, and The Fence — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTOtRfif_Fk
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley explores the feast of Shavuot as a divine countdown from redemption to revelation to revival. Using Exodus 19’s boundaries around Mount Sinai, he demonstrates how God’s supernatural presence requires proper spiritual preparation and holy standards. The message traces Shavuot’s progressive fulfillment from the giving of the Law through Pentecost, emphasizing that authentic divine encounter demands reverent approach and biblical separation.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Down. Heat. [Music] I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave a life on Calvary to save a ranch like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning and I repented of my sins and won the victory. Well, victory in Jesus my savior forever. You know he sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. Well, he loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He punched me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing and how he made the lame to walk in. And he calls of the light to see. Well, and then I cry, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Well, victory. Jesus, my savior forever. Well, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh, he loved me. I knew him. And all my love is to him. He punched me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about a mansion that he has built for me in glory. Oh, when I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea and about the angels singing in the old redemption story glory and some sweet I'll sing up there that song of victory. Well, victory in Jesus my savior forever. You know he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh, he loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He punched me to victory. beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing and how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused up the blind to see. And up you cry, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me that victory. Well, victory in Jesus. You're my savior forever. Oh, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh, he loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He punched me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about that mansion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about those streets of gold just beyond the crystal sea and about the angels singing and the old redemption story. You know in some sweet day I'll sing up there that song of victory. Well, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me. Oh, with his redeeming blood. Oh, he loved me and I knew him and all my love is through him. Punish me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Oh, hallelujah. We've got victory in Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] I know a name that can silence roaring waves. And I know a name that can empty out a grave. And I know a name. It's the only one that saves and it's worthy of all praise. Cuz I call him Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you, I call you, savior, worthy of glory forever, something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name, I know a name that can silence roaring waves. And I know a name. It can empty out a grave. And I know a name. It's the only one that saints and is worthy of all praise. I call you Jesus. I call you I call you Zer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you savior, worthy of glory forever. And something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name. And I have a king with dominion over death. And he holds the key. in his holy nail scarred hands. He is the heal that has crushed the serpent's head. Our resurrected great I am. And I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name, I have a king. with dominion over death. And he holds the [Music] key in his holy nails guard hand. And he is the heal that has crushed the serpent's head. Our resurrected great I am. And I call you Jesus. I call you I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. And every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you [Applause] healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior. You're worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name. [Music] And I search the world, but it couldn't fill me. and a man's empty brace and treasures that fame are never [Music] enough. But then you came along and you put me back together and every desire is now satisfied. I'm hearing your [Music] love. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. Now I'm not afraid to show you my weakness. All my failures and flaws, Lord, you've seen them all and you still call me free. Calls the God of the mountain. He's still your God in the valley. And there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing that's better than you. Oh, there's nothing. Oh, I believe there's nothing is better than you. Now I'm not afraid. Think about what you're singing. to show you my weakness. All my failures and flaws. Lord, you've seen them all, but you still call me friend. Calls the God of the mountain. He's still your God in the valley. And there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, I really believe that there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. And you turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes and you turn shame into glory. Lord, you're the only one who can. Cuz you turn graves into garden. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. Lord, you're the only one who can. You turn gra you turn graves into gardens. You turn boats into aries. And you turn seas into highways. Lord, you're the only one who can. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. If you believe that this morning, sing it out. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] Hallelujah. We worship you Lord. [Music] measurably more than we could ever dream according to your strength. [Music] And may we have the power to grasp how wide and deep the fullness of your grace. We kneel before our king and fall upon your feet. Lord, so mighty is your name. Yes. and boldly we approach. How gracious is your throne in mercy proclaimed and we sing at all night El Shai God Almighty and we sing Jehovah Rafa you are Oh, you're the king of kings with every title that you claim. You proved it in the life you [Music] gave. Oh, it's more powerful than any grave. Oh, forever worthy and deserving of them all. And we sing Jesus Christ. You're the son of God, the holy Messiah. And we see Emmanuel, you are God with us. the prince of peace and we praise the lamb of God. You're our deliverer and our rising savior Lord and we cry hallelu. You're the lion of Judah and you're coming again. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh God. Our God. So be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon our praise. Oh God, we sing our God. Oh, there is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh God, we sing our God. Lord, please be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon our praise. Oh God. our [Applause] God. And there is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh God, our God. Lord, please be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon our praise. Oh God, our God. And we sing Jesus Christ, the son of God, the holy Messiah. And we see Emmanuel, God with us, the prince of peace. and we praise the lamb of God. You're the risen savior and we cry hallelu. You're the lion of Judah and you're coming again cuz there is power in your name. There is power in [Music] your God. Lord, please be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon our praise. Oh God, there is power. There is [Music] power. Lord be thrown upon our praise. Being thrown upon our praise. Oh God, we just want to give you glory, Lord. Oh, and there is power in your name. There is power in your name, oh God. Our God. So be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon praise. Oh God. Oh our God. [Music] And there is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh God. We sing our God. So be enthroned upon our praise. Be enthroned upon our praise. Oh God. our God. [Music] Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. It's in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Lord to break every chain, to break every chain, to break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Lord to break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. We're that army riseing up. We're that army rising up. And there's an army that's rising up. Lord, to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. There's an army. There's an army that's rising up. Oh, I believe that there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army that's rising up. Lord, to break every chain. To break every chain, to break every chain. Oh, and I hear the chains. They're [Music] falling. And I hear the chains they're falling. And I hear the chains. They're falling to come and break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. Oh, I hear a change. And I hear the chains. They're [Music] [Applause] falling. And I hear the chains. They're falling. I can hear those chains. And I hear the chains. We're [Music] falling, Lord, to break every chain. To break every chain, to break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power. It's in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain and there's an army riseing up over that army, an army that's rising up. Oh, there's an army that's rising up. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter today what the chains are. Whether they're chains of fear or chains of disease or infirmity, any bondage, depression, anxiety, panic attack, doesn't matter. Addiction, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter what kind of change you're dealing with today. We know that in his name, we've got three weapons to win. His word, his blood, and his name. You can use those weapons against the enemy and chains have to break. The Old Testament says because of the anointing, the yoke is destroyed. Whatever is holding you back this morning, not only from worshiping the Lord, but from living a victorious and overcoming life through the grace of Jesus Christ. Why don't you let him come today? Join your faith with what you're singing and believe that God will break chains in your life, in your family, even in your job situation. Believe that he will. I know he can. You know he can. We've seen him do it. sing in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. [Music] And I hear the chains. They're falling. And I hear the chains, they're [Music] falling. I hear the chains. They're falling. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. I can hear the chains. Cuz I hear the change they're falling. And I hear the change. They're falling. I can hear the chain. I hear the chain. They're falling. Oh. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. to break every chain. And there's an army that's rising up. And there's an army that's rising up. Oh, we're an army. And we're an army that's rising up. Oh, to break every chain. to break every chain. to break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you, God. Come do what you do cuz we need you. [Music] Mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed. God, we believe it. Yes, we can see that wonders are still what you do. [Music] Oh, bodies are still being raised. Oh, and giants are still being slain. Oh God, we believe it. Yes, we can see that wonders are still what you do. And we are here for you. So come and do what you do. We are here for you. So come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. So come and do what you do. [Music] Sing it out. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. come and do what you do cuz we need [Music] and we are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. Set our hearts on you. Come and do what you do. Cuz we need to [Music] move. Oh Lord, here I am open, available, yielding to you. Come and do what you do, Lord. Lord, there is no doubt in my mind of your capabilities. No sir, there is no doubt in my mind, God. I can look back and see what you have done just in my lifetime. And that doesn't include past my lifetime. Lord, you have showed up over and over and over again. But here we are today just yielding ourselves one more time. Come and do what you want to do because we need a move of your spirit. Yesterday's gone, Lord. Today is a new day. Move among us, oh Lord. Oh, I thank you Lord. I thank you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. He is here. Hallelu He is here. [Music] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, God will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be. Sing that course again. He is here. Hallelu He is here. [Music] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch you. You will never be the same. [Music] As we go to prayer today, would you have a need on your heart you'd like us to remember? By the lifting of the hand, needs out across the congregation, out over the stream. The Lord sees the needs that you have. We want to remember Sister Cassandra Man. She's away with uh her school uh on a a teacher retreat. All right. We want to ask for traveling mercies. Ask the Lord to be with her. Bring her safely back. We want to remember Sister Rebecca Shepherd. Her mother-in-law passed. We want to remember that family to the Lord. Ask the Lord to surround them with peace. Sister Sharon had a unexpected sort of crisis that came up with a family member out of town. She asked to be remembered to the Lord this morning and that particular need to be uh remembered and lifted up. And there's several others who are traveling. Uh, of course, brother R.J. and his family are are in Kansas for some time now, a couple months. And brother Billy and sister Laurel are visiting Zion. And there may be others. Let's pray for them to all have traveling mercy. Yes. Yes. Yes. Pray for the meetings this coming weekend, Saturday night and Sunday, the fellowship weekend, that God will move in a profound way. Yes. Draw here who he wants to be here. Yes. Yes. Lots of needs, but God who is able, our God who is well aable to handle every one of them. Sing the chorus of this song again as we get ready to pray. He is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. And he is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out. He is here. You You will. Brother Hall, could I call on you today, please? Oh, he is here. [Music] Hallelu He is here. [Applause] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. [Music] Lord, we that's what we're doing right now. Hallelujah, Lord. We're turning our heart towards you to touch your heart. Yes. You respond to faith. Yes. We could not have faith if it wasn't for you revealing yourself to us. That's right. And so we see you now. as the king. There was something that quickened in me the other day that you acknowledged that you were the king. You came to this earth. You said I am and this is why I came. You came to reveal the king of kings. But at the same time, you were a lamb. Yes. And you came to redeem all of those that were in you even before the foundation of the world. Amen. Hear him calling out your name. Hear him now calling out your name. He knows every need. Yes, Lord. Everything that is in your heart right now, he knows it. And he is beckoning you to come to him. weaknesses expose everything because that's where the freedom comes. He comes into that place and he redeems and he heals and he delivers. Yes. It's so powerful, Lord, that your blood, it gives us access. But at the same time, it covers us. Amen. And then at the same time, hallelujah, it's on the inside. It's cleaning. It's restoring. It's bringing life. Oh, Father, we thank you for this plan of redemption. We're putting all of our trust in you right now, sir. And we thank you that we were we're talking about there's power in the blood and there's authority in the name. And so, in the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ, we do speak to every deceased to bow down. Oh God, we ask you to have your way in our lives. May every doubt crumble beneath the feet of the Lord Jesus Christ. May we raise up in your name. You position ourselves us in you and you gave us everything. So by now we place ourselves in you. That's where everything that we need is provided. Thank you for that. What a plan. And so, Father, we just commit ourselves to you. Anything that is in our lives right now that is hindering hindering our next step towards your perfect plan. May we just yield it right now to you. And may the overcoming anointing that is promised, may it come and take over as we fully commit ourselves to you right now. Amen. We commit the rest of the service to you. We welcome you, oh king. Let your presence come. We just pray protection over this house, every heart. And Lord, help us to be focused and may we Lord receive truth that will change and transform. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh yes, Lord. Praise the Lord. You may have your seats today. My Lord Jesus is so wonderful. I love him more and more. Amen. Every day he gives me something to love him over and over again. Yes, he does. We want to welcome this family back here. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here and and we welcome you in the service today. May the Lord bless [Applause] you. The the the house of the Lord is a welcome place, a welcoming atmosphere. We should we should have one here. And we welcome those that come among us. And we're glad that this family has come to be with us today. Austin, it's nice to see you today. The Lord bless you. Gregory and family. We're glad to see you today. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here. It's nice to see Jessica and Brandy again sitting right up [Applause] close. I'm glad to be in the house of the Lord, to be renewed and refreshed in his presence. We're here today to worship him, to praise him, to lift him up, and he in turn feeds us from uh the the bread of life that we need to sustain us in this world of chaos. There's plenty of it out there, but we don't have to be chaotic. We don't have to take on the the stink of the world, the chaos of the world, their fragrance. We carry the fragrance of the lamb. And and that is why that we gather in the house of the Lord to be with our brothers and sisters and and to be in that corporate anointing uh together with our family, the family of God. It's just good to be here today. We're going to in just a moment or two, we're going to receive the tithe and the offering. We want to give as unto the Lord. uh the Jerusalem rent is due and that account is low. It there's not enough to cover it. If the Lord should speak to you to help us to get that covered, uh would you uh just tuck that in an envelope and mark it as Jerusalem? The Lord has been faithful through these 20 plus years of of of us renting that apartment. We don't understand everything that he's called us to, but we know that he has called us and we want to be faithful to that just as he has called us to these acres of ground that he has given to us and and now debtree by the grace of God. We're thankful for it. We're thankful that there's no debt. To those of you that are on this ground, that live here on the ground, there will be activity this week. God willing, there's going to be uh some dirt moving in preparation for getting the water rerouted so that it doesn't run across the parking lot so that in turn we can have the parking lot sealed and the lines repainted. We're looking forward to having that done before camp meeting by the grace of God. But this week, the dirt uh Joshua is home with his team. We don't know who all will help him. uh those of you that perhaps are young and can be here to help Joshua, that would be appreciated because I just can't be this week. I'm I'm sorry. I just couldn't be here this week, but I'll be in and out. But uh if you can be here to be of assistance and uh unfortunately there is something called erosion. And through the years that we have been in this building over across the driveway, that ditch line has eroded. And we like the green grass. But unfortunately, we have to tear up that green grass in order to get the ditch back where it belongs. And then we're going to have to lay sod so that the dirt don't wash. And we are going to need some concentrated effort from everybody to make sure that the grass gets watered, that sprinklers removed, that we don't spend money for sod and then lose it. And so anything that you can do to help us to make sure that that sod lives because we want to cover up the red mud and not have it washing. Then uh also this hill up here will be done. Again, those of you that live on the property, there is a pipe that we are going to have to cut and make a repair to get it to go in the ground more than it is now. So, we will try to warn you if we're going to turn the water off, but please be patient with us. It is part of progress. It is part of getting things done. So, that's just some FYI. And uh there's lots to do on this campground at all times. grass cutting, grass trimming, there's edging that needs done. There's there's Roundup that needs to be sprayed on some on some grass that's in the parking lot. All of these things need done. If you can assist us, I'm not 35 anymore. I just I I don't have as much stamina as I used to have, besides the fact that I'm helping somebody to build a house. And I've been in the ditch this week because there was erosion over there. But by God's grace, by God's grace, we're moving forward. And we're just glad to know that we're operating under the the banner of the Lord Jesus Christ and that he gives us grace and strength for anything that he calls us to do. Uh where there is a vision, there is provision. And it's not just money provision. It's strength provision. It's it's it's provision up here to help us with our mental tasks. God provides what we need and I'm grateful to it. Brother Cade's going to sing today and lead us on into the into the preaching of the word. Brother Ellas, can I call on you? And let's see, Ian, I'm going to call on you as well today. I'm going to let these two brothers come to you for the tithe and offering. If you want credit for your tithe, for your taxes, it needs to be in an envelope with your name and your address on it so that we can give proper credit. And may God bless you as you give to the Lord. Amen. [Music] Once my soul was a stray from the heavenly way. I was wretched and I was vile as could be. But my Savior above, he gave me peace, joy, and love when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me, when he reached way down for me, I was lost in a dark room without God for his son when he reached down his hand for me. Well, and I was near in despair when he came to me there and he showed me that I could go free. Then he lifted up my feet. He gave me glory. compete. When he reached down his hand for [Music] me. When he reached down his hand for me. any reach way down for me. Well, I was lost and not done without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] How my heart can rejoice since I made him rejoice. From the tempest, now to him I will flee. [Music] Now I lean on his arm and I'm secure from all harm. When he reach down his hand for me. Oh when he reached way down for me. I remember when he reached out his hand for me. Well, I was lost. I was lost and undone. Oh, without God for his son. But he reached reach out down his hand for me. Let's get together. Sing when he reach down his [Music] hand. When he [Music] reach me down for me. Well, I was lost and undone without God. without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Well, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down when he reached down his hand for me. If you're glad that he did, would you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Praise God. Hallelujah. We used to sing a song. song I sung with a group years ago and we used to sing a song that said when he re uh his hand reached farther down than I could reach up. Aren't you glad of that? When when we reach as high as we could, we might have never touched him, but he could reach farther down. You may be seated. He He can reach farther down than we can reach up. There are times that we can't. Now, uh I know we have visitors here this morning. I'm so glad they're here. Uh, and we have some missing and we're praying for them. But I want everybody to uh slip out. I'm fixing to sing a song. If you need to go to the washroom, there's been a lot of moving around this morning. And I'm not talking about mothers with children because that is that's what we we we pray for and believe for and want. I don't ever ever ever want a mother to feel bad or dad who's taking a little time to to uh help take care of the children because they're yours too. You help get them here. You have some responsibility in it. Amen. I appreciate the brothers that do that and help their wives. Some can't because they're busy up here, but uh there is a lot of moving around and in and out and uh uh maybe necessary, but maybe not. And you know, when we do that, sometimes we actually just disturb the the the the anointing that's kind of building. You can so easily just kind of disturb that. I I know that God knows our hearts and if we're going because we need to and have to, I believe he understands that. Don't you? But, uh, let's try to be, uh, as reverend as we possibly can. Now, I hope I didn't put a real a stifle on anything by saying that, but sometimes we've got to remember this isn't your house. Amen. Well, I I don't know how this happened, but I know Brother Gley has taken some time this morning to but but it's necessary sometime to let people know what's going on. And uh especially some of you who drive too fast uh on the property. Shall I call your name so you'll know it's you? Uh you need to slow down because there are little children running around sometime during the week and there's going to be some heavy equipment here. And I don't know if you've ever seen what a vehicle looks like when it collides with a with a heavy piece of equipment. I promise you your equipment's going to win, brother. It's going to win. So let's be careful. Uh, one day, what day was it? Friday. Friday was just an odd day already. We were here. I was in my office and working on some things. And there came a a FedEx man to the back door. Can I take a minute to tell you what's happened? FedEx man came to the back door and uh he was all tatted up and uh really he looked a mess. Benjamin said, "Dad, I I I don't know, but he said,"I I I don't I wonder if he is on drugs or something working." He, you know, just he he just seemed really off. And uh and and Benjamin, he hands him a package. He said, "Well, if you will just deliver the packages there to the door to the other glass door, that's where they always drop them off and anybody that lives here can just come and pick them up because if they go down there where it's soft and they make a big mess." Uh, so he did that. Well, a little while my wife come in. She was bringing something over the fellowship hall. She came in and that kind of surprised me because she's so busy that a lot of times when she's here doing something, I don't even see her. and was glad to see her. That brightened my day. And then uh just several things were all happened at one time. Benjamin said, "He's still here." Said, "The FedEx guy is still here." And this was I'd say half an hour almost 20 minutes at least, or no, not 15, 20 minutes. And uh so he said, "He has just driven across the grass and and I I don't want him doing that." at. Do you understand? This This has a good ending. I I don't want you to think I punched him or anything. This has a good ending. Get with me. And he did. He literally pulled right across there. I I thought to myself, if he only knew how hard it is to keep grass on red mud and it was real soft and I'm surprised he didn't bury down, but you could just see my I said, "I'm going to tell him." He didn't know. I'm going to tell him. And so I'm a big sort of fella and I don't move as fast as some folks do. And I just took off through the through the yard. I don't know why I did it. I I don't usually do things like that, but I went running under the portico there and down out by the by the uh mailboxes, and just about the time I got there, he starts to pull off. And so I yelled, "Hey, hey." And he go and uh he rolled his window down and I ran over and I said, "Please, sir, kind sir, please don't drive across the grass anymore. I I don't want to be one of those people. And I'm not here to to uh ball you out. I wanted to, but I'm not here to ball you out. I'm just here to ask you if you ever have to deliver here again, would you please not drive across the grass?" He said, 'Well, I couldn't get by.' Well, he got by my vehicle to to drop off. Then he had nowhere to go. Because he realized his truck was taller than the portico. And I'm glad he didn't just take the portico with him. And as disoriented as he was, I'm surprised he didn't. And so he knew that he couldn't back the truck all the way up. And I guess he was afraid he couldn't turn it around. So he just took off across the grass. And as I'm telling him that, uh, he's shaking his head and rubbing his head and and I think, Lord, am I pushing him over the edge? And I said, "Can I are you all right? Are you all right?" He said, "No, sir. I am not all right." He said, "I have just hit my head right before I I I did that. I have hit my head harder than I've ever hit my head in my life." And he said, "I saw stars and my knees got weak. I thought I was going to pass out." And I said, "Oh my, I am so sorry to hear that. I don't know if you should drive. You might have a concussion." He said, "I might." He said, "I've never hit my" I said, "Well, let me pray for you." And he goes, "Boy, I was glad I didn't bless him out cuz now I got to pray for him." I said, "Lord Jesus, help him. Touch him. He's got He said, "I'm running behind. I've got more packages than I'll ever get delivered today. And and now I've done this and he's in such and I Oh, Jesus, help him." And as I'm running by, I look and there are what, eight, 10 boxes, big boxes that he has delivered here. And uh some of you all do get a lot of packages, but they're not normally that big and uh taller than Benjamin. And he he sees a name on them. He opens opens them up. And someone had heard us say some time back that the old set of drums, some of them were uh way over 20some years old that were electric drums that were generation two and now they're up generation seven and they were having to reset them every time they used them. They were one electrical storm away from stopping probably. and somebody uh took it on themselves to to buy a brand new set. And I want you to know it was very very costly and uh they don't want they don't want it to be told who but we are so grateful and so thankful. Now you may not like them like drums. I do. I've read the Psalms, right? And I know that it takes everything sometime to make a song work and to make make an atmosphere just right. And uh we used to have some that would come after the worship service. Well, if you have to do that, you can. But leave us alone while we're trying to build an atmosphere. We didn't have the money to replace them. And literally, I had been told three times, "They're they're gone. I don't think I can that I can't get them to go turn on. I I don't know what we're going to do." And uh God moved and I'm very thankful. I'm very thankful. They're [Applause] beautiful. They're beautiful. And I got a chance to pray for that young man and he needed it. I'm telling you, he didn't just have a hard head. I mean a head, a hard hit on his head. He had a lot of other things going on. I promise you that. And Jesus cares. Yes. And had he not run across the grass, I promise you, I would have never chased the FedEx truck. So God arranges things sometimes. We have to remember to behave ourselves. Cuz if I would have went out there and told, "What kind of nut are you? You, you know, if I have said all them kind of things, well, he wouldn't have needed my prayers." And so I'm glad of that. I'm glad of the gift. I'm thankful that someone heard and answered that need and and it's a it was big for us and we're thankful. Very very thankful. Amen. [Applause] You ready? We've not had much time to do this, but the Lord just put it on my heart this morning. And they told me when we were running over it once that Ben had just asked about the song recently. Was it this morning? At the same time that I was texting, Ben said, "We ought to get him get them to sing this." So, we'll try. This is Kate's first time playing it. And you got a mic? Whatever happened, do death do us part? Does the home reflect the heart? Parents faces tell of worried minds while children search but can't seem to find. It's time we took a closer look. Got back to living by the holy book. No compromising without getting slack. You see, we'll go forward if we'll just go back. We've got to go back to living true. We're going back to the absolute. Back to where the church stands strong. Back to where there's a right. There is a wrong. back to where it's black or white. You see the differences like day and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first love. We'll know a tree by the fruit we see. Serving God has no in between. We're either cold or else we're hot. He said lukewarm will have no part. It's coming down to in or out. Oh, there ain't no time for playing around. We're going back to lost or found. We're going back to stand our ground. We've got to go back to living true. We're going back to God's Sabbath salute. Back to where the church stands strong. Back to where there's a right. There is a wrong. Back to where it's black or white. You see the difference is like day and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first love. [Music] We'll know a tree by the fruit we see. Serving God has no in between. We're either cold or else we're hot. Jesus said, "Lukewarm, we'll have no part. It's coming down to get or out. There's no time for playing around. We're going back to lost or found church. We're going back to stand our ground. We've got to go back to living true. We're going back to this absolute. Back to where the church stands strong. Back to where there's a right. There is a wrong. Back to where it's black or white. You see the difference is life and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first love. Listen. And then we'll rise like a sleeping giant, standing tall in God's strength and might. The power that we claim so long, you'll see it returning. We're being made strong. We're not looking to the right or the left. Our eyes are spirit led. We're going back to true or false. Church, we've got to get back to Calvar's cross. We've got to go back to living true. Lift it up, somebody. We're going back to the absolute. Back to where the church stands strong. Back to where there's a right now. Back to where it's black or white. You see the difference is like day and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first love and worse. And then we'll rise like a sleeping giant standing tall in God's strength and might. The power that we claim so long. That's right. Oh, we see him returning. We're being made strong. We're not looking to the right or the left. Our eyes are spiritless. We're going back to true our faults. Church, we've got to get back to Calvar's cross. We've got to go back to living true. Oh, going back to God's absolutes. Back to where his church stands strong. Back to where there's a right. There's still a wrong back to where it's black or white. You see the differences like day and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first. Sing it one more time. We've got to go back to living true. We're going back to this absolute. Amen. Back to where the church stands strong. Back to where there's a right. There is a wrong. Back to where it's black or white. You see the difference is like day and night. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our first love. We're going back to things above. We're going back to our love. Has to be Jesus. It has to be him. There's one absolute. Hallelujah. There's one absolute and that's God's word. It's the ultimate. Not Book of Mormon, not Ellen White. that that's not an absolute, not even the recorded sermons of Brother Brandham. It's only that word that we can know as an absolute. Amen. Somebody said, "Well, men wrote it." Well, that's not what the scripture says. The scripture said God wrote it. Says he moved on men. Amen. That was the foundation of it all. God's been good to send a message to help us understand and the revelation of what's contained therein. But we must never get out on a limb over here and not be able to bring what we stand for back to the Bible. Anybody with me on that? Let's thank the Lord for the musicians, all the hard work. Turn in your Bible this morning. I need just a tad more here. Exodus chapter 19 and verse 12 and 13. I'll hurry the best I'm capable of doing this morning. I've got a lot of ground to cover and uh I'll need the Lord's help most of all, but I'll need your help as well. So do what you can. Send out an amen when you can and wiggle your toe in your shoe when you can and put your faith in here and let's see what the Lord can do for us. Amen. Today is Victoria's birthday, Sister Tiffany's little girl, Victoria, and we want to wish her a happy birthday. And this Tuesday would have been uh Anthony Chadwick's birthday, Sister Cindy. and uh you're first without him. Is that right? Or you're first without him. And so uh we don't believe in birthdays in heaven, but we do believe that we're going to think about him on that day. And we're going to pray for his family and we're going to pray for Sister Cindy that the Lord will keep adding strength to her. And then on Wednesday of this week is my queen's birthday, Sister Stacy's birthday. and and uh I won't tell you her age except to say that whatever it is, it's repeated. So, she could be 11 or she could be 44 or she could be whatever else. I will go ahead and tell you she's not 66. And uh Austin, well, he just found a way somehow. I don't know how he pulled it off, but he found a way to get off work, shut down a job, and whatever else to be here so that we could remember his birthday also on the 4th. So, you better say happy birthday to him or he he might leave tomorrow and go work again for another few months. Happy birthday to Austin. Uh, Exodus chapter 19. I still need just a tad more up here. Verse 12. And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it. Now, now let's read that carefully. Thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that you go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it, the mount. Whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death. I'd say that's serious business. There shall not a hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned or shot through. There weren't shotguns then, but there were arrows. Whether it be beast or man, it shall not live. When the trumpet soundth long, they shall come up to the mount. How many of you believe you recognize where this story is in scripture? Anybody? Let's have a quick prayer. Father, we thank you for this another opportunity to look to your word. Your word is life. And we just pray right now for peace in the atmosphere. We pray Lord that your word will come forth and will accomplish in us exactly what you would so desire. We take authority over every spirit of darkness in the name of Yeshua, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we command you to retreat as the light of the true gospel of Jesus Christ comes forth. Lord, anoint our ears to hear, our hearts to understand and anoint, Lord, lips to speak forth this truth. and we'll give you glory and honor and praise for it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray and the saints said amen you may be seated now we are once again in a dilemma on the calendar because you know under Constantine the calendar was shifted it. And we are looking at sundown tonight, the beginning of Shàuote. The church knows Shàuote as Pentecost because it happens exactly 50 days after the resurrection. And that was the feast of first fruits. And Jesus raised from the dead at the right time on the right day at the right moment to fulfill. He became a human living uh wave sheath waved over the people to say this is what a mature son looks like. Both God and man existing in one being in one body. What a great mystery. The prophet of the Old Testament said, "I'm going to do a thing that has never been done. I I'm going to do something that has never happened before." And surely he did. Amen. The Holy Ghost overshadowed a little maiden whose Jewish name was Miriam. We call her Mary. And she was not the mother of God. Just so you'll know, God doesn't have nor does God need a mother. Are you with me? So don't pray to Mary. You're wasting your time. She's busy. She's worshiping the Lord. She's worshiping God. She's thankful to have made it. How do you know she made it? Because Jesus insisted that she received the Holy Ghost. He left word, "You take care of my mother. Make sure she gets what you got. What you get, make sure she gets it, so to speak." and she did. And so we do not believe that she ascended to heaven from Jerusalem as some teach. We believe that she died in what is now modern Turkey and was buried next to the ruins of one of the seven churches of Asia Minor. And uh it was the Catholic Church and her variations that decided to to venerate her and to uh give her this exalted status as the mother of God. If she could speak to this world today, I don't believe she's talking to us, but if she could, she would say, "Don't worship me. Don't look at me. Don't pray to me. Don't burn a candle in my name. you go to him. And uh she would give us the advice today that she gave them then in Canaa of Galilee. What are we going to do? They went to Mary and they said that we don't have enough wine. The wine is running out and she said just go to him and whatever. Hallelujah. Woo. Whatever he tells you to do. You just do what he says and you'll be all right. I believe her voice in that scripture is ringing out right now. And she would cry out to this world and say, "Don't look to me. You go to him. Whatever he tells you to do, you do that. Uh, I don't believe her statues are crying and I don't believe they're bleeding and I don't believe in all of the things that they're doing and saying about Mary and you be careful because it's pagan. It's dangerous. And we are thankful for truth that sets us free. But I am thankful for her. I am a little little girl, little Jewish girl who risked so much, who dared to stand against society because God chose her of all the little maidens. 700 years Isaiah prophesied a virgin will come forth and will will do great things will carry this uh coming savior to paraphrase. 700 years went by. Brother Brandham said every generation there were Jewish maidens knitting little booties believing this is the one. This is the time. This is the generation. Maybe I'm the one. Well, that's the way to look for it. 700 years later, here come that little Jewish girl, Miriam. And uh the Holy Ghost came and overshadowed her. The angel spoke over here to Yoseph and told him what was about to take place. He would seek to put her away when he found out that she was carrying this child. But when a when an angel of God comes and says, "Don't you do it." You better obey. Amen. We know the rest of the story. They had to take that little child uh into Egypt for a time and and oh my what a story of redemption we have. Now, Chevote is a biblical feast and uh we are not legalist and this is not something that we uh would say we try to keep it but we do try to remember it and to commemorate it because two powerful expressions of God's fire took place on Shàuote Sivon 6 on the Hebrew calendar. Now, lest you misunderstand where we're going. We're going somewhere. But lest you misunderstand, uh maybe you're streaming. That's why I have the computer here. People wonder sometime what what are you doing? You know, I'm I'm looking just to see because sometimes a message will come through. We have a host of people streaming on the app, on YouTube, on Facebook, and these are many times people who have no church and no fellowship, and they're joined with us. and we pray over their needs when God brings them to our attention. Unless you misunderstand that we're trying to make somebody Jewish, I'll run this little disclaimer today again and give you what Jesus said. All red letters. All right. Matthew 5 verse 17 and 18. He said, "Thank not, red letter, think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. I recently read where a theologian said it's inaccurate to say that Jesus fulfilled. I'm just going to say what Jesus said. All [Music] right. He said when you say that it it looks like there'll be no future installment. I didn't say Jesus didn't say I didn't say there won't be future installments. There won't be other things that will happen that will bring closure and fullness to the feast. But if Jesus said, "I fulfill them." Then I'm going to take him at his word. He said, "For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled." Now when we look at those words in the original context, we look at the word destroy. It comes from a Greek word that means to disintegrate, to demolish, either literally or figuratively. To dissolve, to come to not, to overthrow. Jesus said, "Don't you think that I have come to demolish the law or the prophets? I didn't come to dissolve the law or the prophets. I didn't come to overthrow them or to throw them down, but rather I came to fulfill them." So, take a glance at what fulfill means. It means to make replete. It means to make full, to satisfy, to execute, to finish a task, to accomplish, to end, expire, to fill up, to fulfill, to fill until it's full. How many of you got that? So we look at the feast because we believe they are there to remind us every year as dress rehearsals. That's what the word uh moed means. A dress rehearsal, a run through. You're running through it. You're rehearsing it. You're remembering it. You're getting great benefit from it until one day you'll see all the fullness, all the fulfillment when you are with Messiah in his kingdom. You'll know it all then. He unveils himself to us, revealing more of who he is even throughout all eternity. I'm telling you, that's a God I want to keep serving. one who is so multiaceted, full of wisdom and grace and truth that it would take him all eternity, hallelujah, to teach us of his ways. The Bible says we will sit together at his feet and learn. I would think that he would be the best teacher of them all. We will learn of who he is. And somebody said, "My mind can't even imagine that much." Well, that is the reality. He He is a great big God worthy of all praise, worthy of our lives. Amen. To give him everything. We ought to give him everything we have. We ought to surrender fully to him. We ought to go back to the absolute. We ought to be willing to purge our lives of things that don't line up with that word. Are you here? Are you sure? Then we'll move on. We have seen a progressive fulfillment already this spring as we have looked again at the feast. Sometimes we go several years where we will only just mention briefly this is the time two or three paragraphs. This is what it has meant. But this spring we took extra time on Passover. We took extra time on the feast of first fruits and I believe it helps us because it gets us ready for whatever God will do among us in the fall because we'll go through those feasts again as well. And we'll enjoy knowing that Jesus didn't come to do away with them. He didn't come to give them only to the Jews. He came so that we might understand the fullness of who he is. Jesus fulfilled Passover. I think I might have given you that. He fulfilled Passover as our spotless sacrificial lamb. And the saint said, he fulfilled the feast of unleavened bread as our purity without leaven means pure representing the sinless matzah or what we would call the unleavened bread. But the Hebrew word there is matzah or matot whose life, death, burial, and sacrifice cleanse us from all of the leaven of sin. Thanks be to God. We can't cleanse ourselves. We can't get good enough. We can't get holy enough. Doesn't matter how long your skirt is. Doesn't matter these things. You can't do enough. I mean, it matters. Don't misunderstand. It does matter. Modesty matters. Holiness and separation matters. But what I mean is it's not the uniform that saves us. It's not our wardrobe that saves us. We're saved by grace through the blood of a sinless, spotless sacrifice. Amen. Amen. Without that, you can look the part and not have the life and be lost. Don't you think for one moment there won't be people miss this who look the part. There'll be some people who miss this because they refuse to look the part. But you just understand always that your works and your doing and your following is not what gives you eternal life. It has to be from the absolute. It's not believing a prophet. It's not attending a particular church. I'm going to preach anyway. It's through grace. through blood. So he fulfilled Passover as a spotless sacrificial lamb. He fulfilled the whole feast of unleavened bread as our purity reminding us that he has come to give us a life free from all of sin's leaven. You can live a life without unbelief. I want you to help me. Do you understand? You can live a life without unbelief. You need to know what you believe and you need to believe what you believe. Amen. You can know without unbelief. It's possible. It It's possible and it's probable for those who absolutely seek total deliverance. There is total deliverance available. You don't have to be bound by a thought pattern. You don't have to be bound by habit. You don't have to be bound by generational curse or some kind of generational iniquity. You can be free today. You can be free tomorrow. You can be free next year. Because the blood of Jesus Christ is enough. Amen. Hallelujah. He also fulfilled the feast of first fruits as our risen savior. Thank God he did. Conquering death, hell, and the grave. At the very same time that the priest would have been out in the field gathering barley together into sheav and waving those barley sheav before the Lord h as a first fruit offering unto God. At that very moment had already risen from the dead and was finishing his 40-day work. He had 40 more days of doing to do. Hallelujah. I'm thankful. Perfect timing. Died at the precise moment that the lambs were dying for Passover. The lamb. The lamb. The lamb of God. Hallelujah. The one that Abraham saw in the Amida in Genesis. We read the story last Sunday morning. Uh Ezekiel, I believe, or was it Isaiah? Maybe it was Isaiah. He saw uh back there. What was it? How did that happen, Joshua? That he that he saw about uh Abraham. There's a picture. Yes. There's a little small picture there on the bookshelf. And Isaiah saw it and he wanted to know what's what's happening here. And and Jose, I said, "Well, papap will tell you." I mean, Joshua said, "Pap will tell you." So, I began to explain it to him. Then, I brought him out here and I said, "Haven't you ever noticed this little statue that sits here on Pap's table?" And and he didn't, you know, how little ones are. He didn't hardly notice it. This isn't an idol. This is a reminder. Well, it's heavy. Great day in the morning. That's Jerusalem stone it's sitting on. And I know the artist who did this. And I showed Isaiah the different parts. Here is Isa. Here is Isaac. That's a lot of names I'm getting into here. Isaac here. There's a knife toward his throat. This is his father. This isn't a murderer. It's not someone who hates him. This is someone who loves him, who waited on him, who believed, hoped against hope for the promise that Isaiah was going to be to him. And this is an angel here with with a ram with a lamb. This is called in Hebrew the Amida. And that does swing like that. The reason why it means he lifted up his eyes. Hallelujah. We remember this at Shabot. It's one of the times we talk about it. It means that he lifted. Hallelujah. I can't help myself. Hallelujah. The New Testament tells us Abraham did what he did because he knew that even if his son would die that day on the mountain, the same God who required his death had power glory had power to raise him up again. Praise the Lord. In Jewish tradition, uh we we think of him as a little lad, a little small boy. But that word lad can mean a lot more in Hebrew than it does in English. We almost think of a toddler. Some have supposed that he was 12 years old or such. But there is a lot of thought in Jewish study that he was a man of over 18. And somebody said, "I just can't hardly imagine that." Well, if it's true, if there's any truth to it at all, I want you to know that Abraham is not the only hero. That would pretty much make Isaac a hero, too, wouldn't it? Because by now, when we read it, we say, "The poor little fella didn't know what was going on." And he might not have if he was a toddler, but if he was a little bit older, he knew exactly what was going on when his father had to bind him and put him there. But here's the glorious thought. He lifted up his eyes and a far off. The scripture said he saw something that day that wasn't there in the natural. For we know that Mount Moria Mariah is the place where the temple would one day sit. It's the place of the crucifixion, the sacrifice would take place in sight of Mount Mariah. The scripture indicates through through this Hebrew language that he looked up and caught a glimpse of a day that another lamb would come, another ram would be provided. Hallelujah. to take the place of not only one Isaac, one son, but of of the whole world if they can believe. Hallelujah. And that's why Jesus said to the Jews who were giving him a hard time, the Pharisees, that's why he said that day, Abraham, your father, saw my day and rejoiced. It's because God gave him a glimpse. Hallelujah. And we think of that during this time of shàuote or what the church likes to call Pentecost. So as believers, we're not trying to keep the feast. We're trying to pull from them every part of Jesus. He fulfills every part. He shines his loving light on every part. If I had a title for this this morning, I would call it Jesus, our shàot, the mountain, the fire, and the fence. In Leviticus chap 23 uh verse 15-1 17 it says and you shall count unto you from the tomorrow after the Sabbath from the day that you brought the sheath of the wave offering which was first fruits that was a barley offering seven Sabbaths shall be complete. Now remember it was the day after the Sabbath which we would call Sunday that the feast of first fruits took place. It was on that day that our Lord resurrected, we believe that in our way of keeping time, it would have been as the sun was going down. But as the uh Gregorian time, well, they like to talk about it being as the sun is coming up because their days start at sunrise. The biblical day starts at sunset. When the sun goes down, a new day has already begun. And so the scripture was clear in in Leviticus and in numbers also. I want you from the day of the feast of first fruits count. Seven Sabbath days. 7* 7 is what? And one is 50. That's why it's called feast of weeks is because seven weeks were to be counted in the omr in the measurement of the harvest. Every day counted with anticipation because we have seen the barley harvest and now we are anticipating for the wheat harvest. of the two, which would you say would be of more importance agriculturally to Israel? The wheat harvest, because wheat would be used in so many different ways. But barley was the beginning of the harvest for the agricultural year. And so it was with great anticipation they counted every day knowing that 49 days would pass and then on the day after there would be another first fruit offering. And this one would look different than the one that was offered on the day that our Lord resurrected from the dead. That day it was ripened sheav of barley. But on this day it would be a little different. Let's read. even unto the tomorrow. After the seventh Sabbath shall ye number 50 days, and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the Lord. Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals. They shall be of help, fine flour, which requires wheat. They shall be bacon. That's not bacon. That's baking in the oven, not on the pig. They shall be bacon with leaven. They are they are these loaves of bread. Two loaves of bread. And there all you people are running away from bread. No bun, please. I'm insulted when they ask me somewhere. I am, "Is that on a bun?" You better bet it is on a bun. I'll have my leaves in my salad. But on my burger, I want wheat. Give me a bun. Two wave loaves. Every household brings them. and they stand in the presence of the Lord. Some of you folks who are so reserved and refined and uh cold, formal, if if there are any like that maybe out there, uh you'd have a hard time. You who like to call yourself an introvert, you'd have a hard time because every house had to do this and every house had to wave these things. Can you imagine coming out into the presence of the Lord and waving these two loaves of bread? Can you imagine you've got you've got two loaves of uh uh colonial bread, so to speak, and you're waving it out there before the Lord. The Lord commanded it. That's right. He said, "Because this is the first fruit offering of the wheat harvest that is about to take place, and this will be a sign. This will be a covenant for you in later days. And so there's so much here that we don't have time to hit, but I think I have some of this for you. The word shaveot, also spelled with some different spellings, is a Hebrew term that literally means weeks or it can also mean sevens. It derives from the Hebrew root word and that that root word there is I don't know there's some missing letters there. Shàuoah uh if you are in Israel they will wish you a happy week. Shavoa is a modern Hebrew word that is used for weak and it's also related to the Hebrew number seven Shiva or Cheva. The plural form of week is shàuote and that's why we call the feast shàot. It's the feast of weeks. One of the three biblical pilgrimage festivals that are mentioned in the Torah in the scripture, you know them as Passover, Shàuo or Pesak, Shàuote, and Sakote. We could say Passover, Pentecost, and tabernacles. The scripture is uh careful to explain some of this counting. And I don't want to take the time. I've got to go somewhere. But I would like to read you one thing from this Psalm 67. Because every year this evening, every observant Hebrew will recite the verses of Psalm 67. And they'll they'll do that because of the 49 words that make up this psalm. In fact, this psalm is prayed every day for 49 days. When the OMR is counted to prepare for the coming of the wheat harvest, God be merciful unto us and bless us and cause his face to shine upon us. Sila, pause and think on these things that thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations. Let the people praise thee, oh God. Let all the people praise thee. Are you here? Oh, let the nations be glad and sing for joy, for thou shalt judge the people righteously, and govern the nations upon the earth. Sila, pause and think on these things. Let the people praise thee, oh God. Let all the people praise thee. Can somebody say amen? Amen. Then shall the earth yield her increase and God, even our own God shall bless us. God shall bless us and all the ends of the earth shall fear him. If you got a garden, this is a good prayer to pray over your garden because it is be thanking God for what has already sprung forth from the earth as provision and what will later spring forth into maturity as provision. 49 words and therefore it is recited prayed not recited prayed as a prayer to God every day when counting down those 49 days 7* 7 seven Sabbaths this feast is a divine countdown from redemption to revelation to revival because it has a New Testament fulfillment as well. We'll get to that in a moment. Two loaves are waved before the Lord reminding us of Jew and Gentile. You remember God made a way so that Gentiles could hear the word. Aren't you glad and believe? It speaks to us of both Jews and Gentiles being accepted by what we have who we have called Jehovah or Yahweh. It speaks of a unified church made up of redeemed individuals who are Jewish and who are gentile. Ephesians chapter 2, let's look at it. Verse 14 and 15. For he is our peace. Amen. Who hath made both one. Somebody maybe some child will help me. Some teenager help me. Somebody hold up for one. He had made us both. Two have become one and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us. Ephesians promises a church that will not be Jewish, that will not be Gentile, but a church made up of one new man, both Jew and Gentile, grafted in to the same life. The same life. If you read Romans 11, the same life, that same vine that gives life to the branches for the Jews is the same life that gives life to the branches for the Gentiles. They have been grafted in. As the Apostle Paul tells us, this is powerful to remember. Not just this time of year, but every time of year. Amen. Amen. I'm going to get through this. James 1:18. Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth that we not a barley sheave, not two loaves of wheat bread, but of his own will he begat us with a word of truth that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures. Oh, hallelujah. And he proved that on another shave oat. I believe we call it the day of Pentecost. He proved it. He said, "I'm going to do it again." And even now, he'll do it again. There's one baptism of the Holy Ghost. There are many refillings of the Holy Ghost. Who'd like to have one today? Well, you better get in here then because there's one for you. That's right. There's one for you. It's not about qualifying. It's about believing. It's about positioning yourself to receive that refilling. And we need it. We need it. We need it. We need him. We've got to have it. Now, if we look quickly, and I know this is foundational and it's hard to get through, but are we going to get through it? We have to. Because I'm not going to give you the punch line and not give you what leads up to the punch line. I'm going to do what Jesus said. I'm going to make sure that you understand where you've come from. What Paul said, I'm going to make sure we understand where we come from. It's the grace of God that we could even speak of such things. Because unless you're Jewish by birth, you you wouldn't even be speaking of these things. Had not the grace of God come and said, "I'm going to bring in other nations. I'm going to take them out for my name's sake. I'm going to show the whole world what a savior I am. I'm going to save both the elect. In fact, I'm going to find an elect in both people groups. Are you here? Exodus 199 and the and 15. And the Lord said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a quick cloud, thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee and believe thee forever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the Lord. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Go unto the people and sanctify them today and tomorrow, and let them wash their clothes, and be ready against the third day. For the third day the Lord will come down. Think of this. In the sight of all the people upon Mount Si. Is that what it says? And thou shalt set bounds. We read this. Unto the people roundabout, saying, Take heed to yourselves that you go not up into the mount or touch the border. For whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death. There shall not a hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned or shot through, whether it be beast or man, it shall not live. When the trumpet sounds long, they shall come up to the mountain to the mount. And Moses went down from the mount uh to the people and sanctified the people, told them, "Set yourselves apart." They washed their clothes. Do you hear this? This is a type of both baptism and sanctification. Praise God that he washes us in the water of his word. Sanctified by the washing of the water of his word. He said unto the people, "Be ready." What a cry. Be ready against the third day. Come not at your wives. There is a time for that fellowship. There's a time for that coming together. But for three days, we are sanctified unto the Lord because the Lord is about to come down on that mountain and tell us why he came and got us in Egypt. He's about to tell us that there are some requirements that he's going to make of us. If we want to go into that promised land, we're going to have to follow some truths. And so we should prepare ourselves for the coming glory. And that means wash our clothes and keep ourselves clean and pure because God's about to do something. May you hear that? I have tried to hear it and I pray you also will. It came to pass on the third day. We're reading on in the morning. Listen, God knows how to put on a show. And when I say show, you know I don't mean that disrespectfully. He knows how to show out in the morning that there were thunders and lightnings and a thick cloud upon the mount and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud so that all the people that was in the camp Hello, read it, trembled. I want you to know they reverenced what they heard. This sounds serious. This is not a staccato blast. This is a long blast. I'm telling you, it exceeded all other blast. What is God trying to say? Here is a blast like we have never heard before. And all the people in the camp trembled. And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp. listen to meet with God. And they stood at the nether part of the mount. I wonder why. Because God had already warned them through the prophet. Don't get too close. Fences had already been erected. Why were there fences? God was saying, "This is holy." That's right. Fools walk with hobnailed shoes where angels fear to trod. Do you understand? The church of today leaves no room for anything to be san sanctified or uh uh uh sacred. They wear their baseball caps, their cargo shorts, and they come in and sit right down on the front row. Hello I mean, you know, the same guy perhaps goes to mama's house for chicken dinner and takes his hat off because he knows mama swat him upside the head if he doesn't. But marches into the church like that with no one to even explain. It's not that you're going to be struck dead. It's not any of that. Not today. But it's just learning a protocol. This is not our living room. This is not our fellowship hall. This is where we come to meet with God. We're his house. This is where his houses come to meet him. Do you understand? And so that we don't want to come in here uh with some kind of sloppy way. We want to be as careful as we possibly can. They heard in that day God said, "You get too close to the mountain, zap. You're gone. You're finished. Mount Si was all together on a smoke because the Lord the Lord descended upon it. I need you to tell me how. In fire. This is the eternal spirit of God who has no fleshly physical body until he came in the sun through Jesus Christ. Here he comes in a fire on the top of the mountain. Don't you think for one moment that it wasn't God? That was God. Did he have a nose? That was God. Did Did he have two ears? It was fire. It was God. That's right. Just like that pillar of fire that would lead them on, that was God. That cloud by day, that was God. Do you understand? Smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace. And the whole mountain quakdly, I'd call that an earthquake. And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and not only long, but it waxed louder and louder, Moses spake and God answered him by a voice. How could it be a voice if there wasn't a man involved? Because God has a voice. He had a voice before he had a physical body. He's an eternal spirit, but he has a voice. And he spoke to them. God answered Moses by a voice. Is that what he said? I'm thankful for that. God began to unfold the instruction or the teaching. That's what's represented here in that scroll that you see that causes us so many problems. Some people get so upset that there is a scroll there. You know what? I don't care. That's right. That is It's a real scroll, by the way. It's no longer uh considered kosher because of of some damage and some uh repairs, but it's sheepkin. And you that haven't seen it, some of you haven't seen it. I'll be glad sometime to uh undress the scroll for you and let you look at it, let you see it. Hand, every every jot and tit, every letter in it handwritten by a scribe. If he makes one mistake, the whole page has to be unsoed from the others and destroyed and he starts over. I remember those kind of things in school. Can you imagine getting to the last word and and and dropping something on it or making the wrong number like you do sometime when the year changes and you antique people like me who still write checks, you put 2024 instead of 2025 and the whole thing be ruined. That particular scroll was carried out by a Jewish family that I had the privilege of meeting one of the descendants and they brought it all the way from Iran or Iraq from that part of the world and walked it to Jerusalem. I'd have to check my notes to see exactly how far and from which of those two countries. I have forgotten now through the years. uh Iran I think perhaps but I don't recall they were being pushed out of their country many years ago and they said the only place for us to have peace imagine that is Israel. So they walk, they start walking and they walk and they walk and they walk and they walk until they arrive. And the only thing they bring with them is a few provisions and a scroll that had been dedicated to the memory of their family, one of their ancestors, their family. And it's there not as some, you know, holy uh thing, but it is holy because the Bible is holy. And that's the first five books of the Bible. And and you just think about God is giving that now shaveote. This is not only the commemoration of a wheat harvest and some loaves being weighed, but we remember that this was the day, the exact day as we enter into Shàuote that this fire came down and this smoke filled up the mountain and God said, "Put a fence around it. Make a border around it." All of these things, the mountain is shaking. And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, God speaks and answers Moses by a voice. It is the giving of the instruction. Thank God. That's not all to the Bible, but it's the beginning of the Bible. Aren't you glad for it? I am. This day as shàuote begins 6 would be exactly 50 days since Israel crossed the Red Sea. They are just at a 50-day jubilee of the greatest miracle the Hebrew people have ever seen God perform to this point. I want you to know they're feeling pretty spiritual about now. They're pretty confident about the God they serve. now. And God said, "I'm going to marry my people today. This is going to be a marriage celebration. It's a marriage covenant. I'm giving them the five uh books of truth. I'm giving them these commandments. I'm giving them these instructions as a a a marriage contract." In Hebrew, it's called a cuba. And it's when a man pledges himself with vows to his uh betrothed and she pledges herself, her vows, her faithfulness to her husband, to her soontobe husband, her betro. God said, "I'm giving that to all of Israel and to those who will come out of the nations. And I'm doing it today on the feast of first fruits when the wheat is being gathered in to provide for the people. This was an important time for all of Israel. Are you still here? God said, "Don't you get too close." This is where I I want to go now for a few moments. Don't get No one walks into covenant glory without preparation. Nobody climbs the holy hill of the Lord without some holy hands, some clean hands, and a purified heart. That's right. We got to be careful. Because we're learning that the fire doesn't fall where there are no fences. God said, "You're going to make a boundary around that mountain. I don't want anybody to accidentally fall against it." God commanded Moses to set a physical boundary. Remember what we've been preaching about the ancient landmarks. This is this is like that. It's the same kind of uh boundary that we're not supposed to be fooling with. We're supposed to leave these things in place because God sets them there for a reason. so that you and I will know the difference between the holy and the ordinary. It's not just the holy and the profane that you've got to learn the difference and I have to learn the difference from. But it's also the holy and the ordinary. Let me tell you something. There are some folk in this house that are no longer ordinary. Because they've heard the word. They've repented of their sin and their unbelief. They've been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Yeshua, our Messiah. Come on. They've been filled with the Holy Ghost and fire. They're no longer ordinary people. They're no longer to be treated like ordinary people. They're holy people. Somebody said, "How can you call people that make mistakes holy?" I didn't have to do it. God did it. And all he had to do was put his fire on them. You know what I preach about the burning bush? Five minutes earlier, that bush was an ordinary bush. It didn't look any different than any of the rest. But in five minutes time, the destiny of that bush changed forever. Not because Moses happened upon it, but because the fire chose it. God said, "I'm going to put myself in that bush and I'm going to meet my prophet and I'm going to give him a sign that it's me." The bush will burn, but it will not be consumed. And Moses walks up there with his dirty feet and sandals. And God didn't say, "Go wash your feet. Wash your face and clean." He just said, "Take off your sandals because this is holy ground." Somebody said, "Well, it must have been holy chosen." Uh uh. No, no, no, no, no. Maybe in the mind of God, we could say so. But in the natural, no one knew that that place was going to be a sacred place until God fell on it. I want you to know you didn't know. You didn't know you were going to be more than ordinary. You didn't know that God was going to choose you the way he chose you and set you apart the way he set you apart. And the difference is not the rule you keep or the church you go to. The difference is the fire fell on your life. And when the fire of God falls on your life, you are no longer ordinary. You become the sacred. You become the holy. You become a house. Yes, Lord. For the spirit of God to live in, the very same spirit that was in Jesus Christ now is in you. What a gift. How should we live? How should we treat one another? How should we behave ourselves knowing that God almighty? Lives inside of us. I want you to look at Exodus now 19 verse1. In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai, for they were departed from Refodm, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness, and there Israel camp before the mount. And Moses went up unto God. And the Lord called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel, ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bear you on eagle's wings, and brought you unto myself. That's powerful. Now therefore, if you will obey my voice indeed and keep my covenant, then you shall be a secular peculiar treasure. The king had a lot of treasure, but there was one treasure always referred to as seula. That was the choice choicest, the most valuable, the most beloved treasure that belonged in the treasury of the king. Perhaps a crown, perhaps something else. I don't know the kinds of things that were used, but whatever he cherished the most was part of the treasury, but it was called the secular. That word peculiar doesn't mean let's see how odd and strange and religious. We can get every other breath doesn't have to be amen. Hallelujah. You understand? It means exclusively one's own. I'll make you a peculiar treasure unto me above all people. For all the earth belongs to me. It's mine. And ye shall be unto me. Listen for this is no longer just a promise to the Jewish nation. This is now a promise to the one new man. Not the church replacing Israel, but the church grafted into the same life. You understand? Ye shall be unto me a what? Of what? Priest, a holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. My my my. And Moses came and called for the elders of the people and laid before their faces all these words which the Lord commanded him. One more verse. And all the people answered. This is very powerful. This is accepting of the Cuba. This is the accepting of the proposal. God has now promised this nation of refugees. If you will obey my word, if you'll live a a peculiar life unto me, if you will be separated from other nations and obey what I command, I will bless you and I will keep you and I will provide for you and you'll belong to me only. You'll exclusively be my treasure. And the people, this is all laid out by Moses what the Lord has said. And the people answered together and said, "Would you answer together and read this line for me, please?" All the They didn't know all of it. They only knew what Moses shared with them because the wholeness of the covenant had not been given just yet. And yet, how did the people answer? Well, let us hear it first. That's how we would have answered. Now, if you can give me uh ju just a a pretty good summary, let me decide if I want to accept the contract or not, then we can move along. No, in fact, they said in English, it's translated, all that the Lord hath spoken, we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people unto the Lord. He goes back up and he tells the Lord what the people have answered. Now in Hebrew, it doesn't just say what you say will do. In Hebrew, it says something more. It says if you directly, if you make a direct translation from the Hebrew to the English, it would say this. We agreed to do even before we have listened. How can you make such a commitment before you even tell us all that you're going to require of us? Our answer is already yes. Hello. Anybody following me where I am? Before you tell us all we've already said, Lord. Yeah. What would make them do such a thing? Let me tell you something. Many things. Some lice, some frogs, some death of the firstborn, some pillar of fire come swirling down out of the heaven and and and raise up the waters of the Red Sea and a whole nation of people walk through. That's the God that's talking to them. They had no reason to doubt that he was for them. They not only saw God make a way through the Red Sea, they saw God turn around and drown their enemies. Amen. Would this be a good place to remind you of the story of the little fresh out of cemetery, a seminary preacher who got too big for his breaches? And he got up in an oldfashioned little church of God church and he started preaching and he said, "Don't you know that doesn't mean red sea? It means read sea." And he said, "Don't you know that it was only a few inches deep at that time of the year? the this woman first he's telling the story this little grandma with a bun on her head she jumps up and starts shouting woo woo and and he said sister didn't you hear me he said I I want to say this again now here you are jumping around I'm telling you there's not like we've always thought this the the the the Red Sea is really the reed sea and it was only a few inches deep this time of the year later in the It would flood. So, so really, you know, it was just like walking a nation of people through. I mean, why would the pillar of fire have to come down and divide 4 inches of water, you know, three inches of water? Surely the people can get through. I've waited through more than that, hadn't you? I've waited through more water than that down in the heart of Jerusalem, way underneath the stone in Hezekiah's tunnel. I waited through more than three inches of water. I'm a little claustrophobic and I I'm bigger than the men who were digging that uh tunnel in the time of Hezekiah. So, I want you to know I'm having a time getting through it. And God brought me through. And I was all right until some poor brother hollered out, "Lord, shake Jerusalem." And I said, "If you don't mind, can we ask him to shake it when we get out from underneath it?" Anyway, moving right along. He goes on to, you know, discredit the miracle. What kind of preacher is this? And Granny jumps up and hollers again. Woo! She is having herself a spell. And he's soon going to find out, you can't do nothing with a granny like that. Jessica, Brandy, and Jason, you can't do nothing with a granny like that. You might as well just let her be. But he couldn't, you know, he was just I mean, he thought he was something had his little degree and everything. And he said, "Sister, did you not hear?" Oh, I heard you, preacher. I heard you. You said that the Red Sea was a Red Sea and it's only a few inches deep at that time of the year. and and and but I got so excited I couldn't hold myself. He said, "What was the reason for that?" She said, "I got to thinking about how big, how mighty my God is that he drowned Pharaoh and all of his army in three inches of water. That's my God." She said, "That's him. He can do Hallelujah. He can do exceedingly, can't he? If we can have faith to believe. Got to hurry. Got to hurry. I still got time, but I better hurry. There's some important things here. Moses went said, "Okay, Lord." They've agreed. They've agreed. Now, you look at Exodus 19 verse 20. And the Lord came down upon Mount Si. We read it called Moses up to the top of the mountain. And Moses went up. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Go down. Charge the people." And this is where the fence was put in place. Before I do what I'm going to do, before I show out the way I'm going to show out, I want to make sure that somebody doesn't get too close. Holiness and the standards of modesty and separation demand a distance between the common and the consecrated. remember the the charismatics who we've had some sweet times of fellowship with along the way would tell of these strange experiences of visiting the throne and hopping up in Papa's lap and giving an giving him a high five. It proves to me that the church has failed to teach people. There are some fences required. Now, they won't always be there. I promise you, if you so desire, you'll have an opportunity one day to kiss his feet. I promise you if you so desire one day you'll have an opportunity to bow before him and thank him for saving you. But there is a a protocol in place between that which is common and that which is sacred and holy. And God had to start putting that in place right here as he was about to come down and give this marriage covenant to his people. The boundary was a visual line, a spiritual line also that God is not to be approached lightly or on human terms. The fear of the Lord is not bondage. It's reverential fear. You you you don't have to be as a as a a covenant of grace, man or woman. You don't have to be afraid to call on him. You don't have to be afraid that he's going to uh smack you on the head with a sledgehammer if you fail. Because if that was the case, every one of us would be dead. I failed him many, many, many times. I've given him many reasons to disintegrate me. And yet his grace cried out. His blood pleaded my case. Hallelujah. and he gave me life instead of death. Amen. And I'm thankful for it. We're not talking about a fear that causes God's people to live. No, no. It's a reverential fear. It's a fear that makes us want to walk softly and live clean. It It should make us want to do right on our income tax. It ought to make us want to do right on our job. It It might want to make I think it'll make us walk away from a dirty joke. You know the need that some people have to give these little courtesy laughs. Uh you you're playing with fire when you do that. You ought to speak up for what's right. Let let me excuse myself. I don't I don't want to uh hinder your your your good laugh here, your good time or whatever you call it. But I don't have to hear it. My ears are not garbage cans and my spirit man is often fed by what comes in my eargate. And I just simply don't want to hear that. Isn't that being religious? No sir. It's having reverential fear of the God who's done so much on our behalf. Hello. These boundaries are not about legalism. They're about protection. This fence was not to keep people from experiencing the goodness of God. This fence was to keep people from uh uh uh stumbling in without making proper preparation. Today's fences, holiness, standard, modesty, consecration, sound doctrine, keeping our balance in the scripture. These are like landmarks that we are told you're cursed if you move them. This doesn't mean that we don't get an opportunity to understand as we go along that perhaps some of the things that we have uh enforced or embraced may not be necessary for all. There comes a time that we have to understand the difference between a standard and a conviction. If a standard has been set before us, we ought to walk in that standard. whether we personally feel attached to it or not. You see, uh, any man has a right to to say what goes on in his house. You understand that? You don't have to let your, you know, your neighborhood win come in and and and tear up your living room because you're a Christian. You want to love, it's all right to love him, but you don't have to let him come in and start throwing your your lamps out the door. You know, you've got a right to say and uh leadership of any uh community or family of faith, they certainly have a right to set a standard. And the people who desire to worship there have some measure of responsibility, right? To live that standard, whether it's been personally made real to them or not. But a conviction is something entirely different. When God gives you a conviction, you see, you might change houses. If you change communities, you might might one may have a different standard. You may just go right along and adjust to whatever that standard is. That's all right if it wasn't a conviction. But if God speaks to your heart with a conviction by the Holy Ghost and tells you stay away from that, I'm going to tell this. I tell it. I've hadn't told it in a while. I've told it many times. But brother Perry Green, a mentor and a friend of mine. There were two sisters that went to his church for many, many years. Uh, Sister uh, Miles, Sister Carolyn Miles, and her daughter, Sister Shandre Miles. And some of you all knew them. Now, they wore their uh, denim skirt. Of course, they wouldn't have worked in some places where they'd preach against denim, but they wore their long denim skirts and they wore long sleeve blouses that looked handmade and they rolled up their sleeves so that it wouldn't be short sleeve sleeveless or short sleeve wouldn't be long in the hot Tucson sun, but they rolled them up and the there was a big border around there where they rolled it up the underside of the very simple cotton calico looking print. I hope I've described it right. And those skirts went to the ground. I mean, just about to the ground. Maybe maybe like that. And they were the only ones. They went to church there the entire time that I had any fellowship with the tabernacle from 90 until they passed away after brother Green did in in 2015. They kept that standard and people didn't like it because I remember in the early 90s there was a young sister there who had a leather skirt. I I would think that most anybody raised around holiness is going to get real quiet in here. I don't care. You think I care. You're wrong. I'll call her name if I take a notion to. But uh she was a sweet girl, but she had some issues and they proved out later in her life. But there she was with a leather skirt on standing next to granny with a prairie skirt on. And the people would complain about who who do you think they complain about? The prairie skirt ladies. Oh, why? Well, I think they're looking down on the rest of us. Now these were not ordinary Trish. You know sister, these were not ordinary ladies. These were earthy women. They made their own yogurt. The last time I ever saw Sister Carolyn Miles, she asked us as a family to come over and pick her oranges for her. And we did. We went and spent several hours picking oranges out of her tree and fellowshipping with her. and enjoyed every minute of it. These were not ordinary ladies. They're special ladies. And I mean special in several different ways, including a bit eccentric. But I never knew them. Maybe you did. Maybe somebody else knew. They never I never felt in any way that they were looking down on anybody else. Now they kind of carried themselves differently. you can in a prairie skirt. When we went there and had these conferences with the charismatics and taught them what had taken place in Tucson supernaturally, Sister Carolyn and Sister Sandre had no problem going over there where only a few women that were associated with me would even have on a skirt. Out of 400 women, there'd only be a handful resting tight, extra tight. uh yoga britches or denim slacks tight. They never acted better or holier. I saw them right among them praying for them, loving them and so forth. But people who have little conviction always have problem with someone who has big conviction. Neither one of them have to be right or wrong. Brother Green got tired of that. Always. It's always their fault cuz they dress a certain way, not asking anybody else to do it. He got tired of that and he got to where he would say, "Now quit looking at them." He said, "That is how they feel the Lord would have them to dress." He said, "Sister Carolyn was a basketball star." I'm looking at this little granny trying to find a basketball star in her. She was a basketball star when she was a young girl and she had uh really nice legs and I mean I'm here listening to this on MP3 and I'm going, "What did he just say?" What I thought she said. He said, "Some might even say sexy legs and ankles." I'm thinking, "Brother Green, where are you going with this?" And so she feels like because there was so much attention placed on her legs as a young woman that now as a believer I mean I can't I mean we shouldn't even be talking about this but I can't imagine that after all these anyway moving along legs change bodies change but this was in her heart and he said leave them alone you don't have to live like that but don't judge them and I don't want them judging Can you do you understand that's a conviction? Standard was modesty. Standard was a skirt or a dress. Standard was make sure we're separate. But conviction for them was something entirely different. If God lays a conviction on your heart, don't you give it up. But don't you judge somebody else by that. Now in this message we find both standard and conviction. You're obligated to the scripture that sets the standard. But you don't necessarily have to buy into somebody's conviction. That's something personal. And that's something that we may find one family doing it one way, one family doing it another way. May God bless them all. Right. There are certain boundaries that must not be fooled with. There are certain fences that must not be trespass. Now, how many of you saw what happened during worship? She wasn't the first who said that. She was the first who did that. I had several say to me, I didn't want to disturb you, but I thought about getting right up in the middle of your message and moving that back across because last Sunday without anybody knowing what was going on, we had Jonathan come. That hat rack was sitting there uh an old hat rack and and as I was preaching on not removing the ancient landmark, Jonathan would get up and move that thing just a few inches. Is that right? You saw it, didn't you? The next thing you know, after two hours of preaching, it finally landed on the other side. And I had somebody come up to me Sunday and say, "I almost jumped up and took it back where it belongs." And I said, "Well, you could have." Some wouldn't have done that cuz they were still trying to figure out what was happening to the cat to the hat rack. But some said, "I couldn't stand the fact that that was representing the old ancient landmarks and and we were leaving it over here." And then Tuesday night, I had it set back. It was back in my office. I had it set back over. What side do you want it on? I want it where we left it. And after the service, the sister come up and said, "I almost got up right in the middle of the service, but I didn't know what you think when you're still preaching on this. I almost got up and ran across a church and put it back where it belongs. That's right. And we're worshiping the Lord this morning and singing about chains breaking and chains falling. And under the same inspiration, Sister Ashley grabs that thing and makes her way back over here to set it where it belongs. Let me tell you something. I was just waiting on that. I didn't need another person to tell me what they almost did. I understand it was in respect. They didn't want to interrupt. I get that. But I didn't need another halfozen people to come up and say, "I almost moved it. I needed somebody who would say let's put that back where it represents the fences. It they may look a little different in your but that represents the fences. That represents the boundaries. That represents the old paths. Ask ye for the old paths. I'll show you where they are, and I'll bless you when you walk in them. If this compromise uh continues in the church world, there will be a total replacement of biblical truth with new age ideas. Somebody has to go back. Somebody has to say now you heard that verse and sometimes the words are changed to child and then I'll rise then we'll rise like a sleeping child but the original words were giant and some people don't understand that so they changed the words but the original family who sung that I had the privilege of driving them around Columbus and almost getting them killed. But but God, he helped us. Perry sisters were here for a concert and they they reached out through a publishing company and contacted me at the bookstore and said, "We'd like to come and and meet you and have some time at the at the bookstore." I had a little small Christian bookstore at the time. And I asked them about this and they we don't know. All we know is when we got it, it said sleeping giant. So we were singing it like sleeping giant. I said, 'Well, now let me tell you about it. You know about it? I do know about it. It was a vision. I think that it was Tommy Hicks. I might be wrong. Is that right? I think it was Tommy Hicks, one of the healing evangelists of the voice of healing who had this vision of the church like the book Guliver's Travels. Is that right, too? Where they had taken the giant and tied him down. These little people and do you know what they're called? Elephants. leiputs. I don't remember all those details. I might call them munchkins or something. But anyway, they this giant was tied down and Tommy Hicks has this vision and he sees something similar. He sees the church tied down like that and he sees that there's going to be a change necessary to cut that giant representing the church loose. And it goes on, it's a beautiful vision. I don't have it. I'll read it for you sometime. But the songwriter caught inspiration from that and said, "Then we'll rise like a sleeping giant standing tall in God's strength and might." The power that we claim so long, we'll see it returning. We're being made strong. Why? Because we go back to the absolute. I can show you in the absolute where separation is right, where modesty is right, where holiness is right, where differentiation between the genders, only two by the way, is right. I don't understand a doctrine of inclusion that it that requires me to compromise what the scripture says to include. The covenant is this. If you'll obey my covenant, my word, if you'll obey my commandments, he said, I will take you out and keep you out from all the other nations, and you will be a peculiar treasure unto me. And I'll bless you. I'll bless you in your coming. I'll bless you in your going. I'll bless you in your uprising and in your down setting. Come on. I'll bless you in the country and I'll bless you in the city. I'll bless you when you have hope. I'll bless you when you have no hope if you'll keep my covenant. And Israel screams before you ever told us what was required. We will do it. We will do it. We will do it. You believe they meant it? They meant it. But it didn't take them long to change their mind. That's right. It didn't take them long. I'm nearly done. I'm stopping. I'm not done. Nearly stopping. Didn't take them long to forget because they needed now a God that they could see. We need an image. We saw a fire. We heard a voice. We smelt the smoke. But now we need a God with a body. And so Aaron leads this uh new denomination and they remember the god of Egypt. One was a calf and they make them a horned calf like unto uh this uh god that they saw in Egypt. Moses the prophet is on the mountain getting the word. They're tired of waiting. Tired of waiting. Tired of waiting. Tired of waiting. Anybody weary? Anybody get a little tired of waiting sometime? Well, I spent about six days since I saw you. Well, since last Sunday, uh trying to to pour myself again into the seventh seal and and I could say I'm a little weary waiting for the fullness of understanding because when God began to unfold that thing, it came in three a three-fold manner, only two of which have been given understanding on. And I and I'm just praying. I'm not trying to be somebody just a believer. I just want to see what the word means. And I spend some time and I get a little weary thinking about it. I get a little weary when I think of how long I've waited to understand some of those things. But I want you to know I I cannot I must not I refuse to to find another way because I'm tired of waiting on the fullness of understanding. They were tired of waiting on the prophet to come down. And so they just made them a a calf. And if you look at the Hebrew, you you don't even want to know how they behaved. They were having these horrible sexual parties, doing all kinds of crazy things before that golden calf. I'm telling you, it cost them something. Do you know what it cost them? 3,000 men. And 3,000 3,000 lost their lives. It cost him something just after shaveote. So before you say I'll do it before you say it, before you jump in and say God I'll follow you the rest of my no matter what you require, you better know you mean it cuz he may call it in. Now I don't I'm skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping. But I've got to get to the last installment of Shàuote because six God gives the law. Jesus comes, fulfills this thing that Abraham saw, this great sacrifice, blood shed, and he's resurrected, and great things have happened. And he says, "I've got to leave you. Try in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power." Acts 18. Until you be endued with power from on high. Guess what day God chose? Sivon 6. shaveote. And what did he do? Well, you know the story, and I don't have all the time I need. Sorry. I thought I could be done. I I thought I could get this out. I I told my wife, I'm I'm more pleased now than I was when I when I went to bed last night because I think I've put it together in a way I can get it out. And I haven't done it, but I sure tried. You got to give me a little something. I tried. And when the day of Pentecost, Acts 2:1, and when the day of Pentecost was fully come, Sivon 6, Shàuote, the 50th day, seven, seven Sabbaths after the resurrection, and on the day after, which we know would have been the first day of the week, which we know would have been on a Sunday. And when the day of Pentecost was, they were all with in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a and it filled all the house where they were sitting. No upper room mentioned here by the way. And there appeared unto them fire. How did it come down 6i? Fire. How did it come down? Day of Pentecost, right after the resurrection, 40 days Jesus has been ministering, operating. Then there's days that were set aside for consecration and for full committment. And Israel was keeping this consecration every year, preparing themselves for this installment. And then Jesus leaves them on the 40. on the 40 he's gone and they're left to figure out what to do. He said, "I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. I'm going to pray the father. He's going to send a another comforter to you. This is going to happen." Terry in Jerusalem until you be endued with power. Now the day has come. Sivon 6. Suddenly there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind filled all the house where they were sitting. Appeared cloven tongues of what? Sat on each of them and they were all filled. Don't you come around here and tell me I I I want the Holy Spirit. He answers by that. But I growing up, we let the Baptist and the Methodist say Holy Spirit. The Pentecostal said Holy Ghost and fire. John said there's one coming after me. He's going to baptize you. Here it is. They began speaking with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. Not somebody taught them how to say it or what to say or how to do, but the spirit of God began to speak out of their lives. And I got so much I'd like to tell you about that. Uh but but my time is gone. There's a message I'd like to quote from as we close. Musicians start coming. I'll try to I think I'd like to hit a few of these things Tuesday night. I don't want to leave them. I leave too many of my notes un undelivered. Paragraph 45. Jesus when he was on earth anointed with that that they saw notice he said I come from God the spirit the light the pillar of fire and I return to God. And he was made flesh in order to die for our sins. Do you believe that? I do too. Then after his death, burial, resurrection, and ascension, after he ascended up on the 40 days, he ascended up and on the 50th day he returned back. Same life, same God, same spirit that was in him. You believe that? He returned back in a form of a pillar of fire again among the people and separated himself like tongues of fire this time. Not one great big pillar of fire, but now it appeared as as cloven tongues of fire setting on each of their heads. One great big pillar of fire dividing itself. And now every person in that upper room, 120 gathered there, all have this manifestation of God's Holy Ghost fire. And they began to speak in other tongues as the spirit of God gave them utterance. Now you see, we are not a divided people. Paragraph 47. We've got to be in unity because each one of us holding a part of God. You understand that? That's not some new age craziness. That's the reality of Acts chapter 2. And we must come together and then the pillar of fire is manifested in the wholeness in the fullness of it. When his church set together in heavenly places, then the fullness of the power of God is in his church. I want somebody to squeeze an amen. Each one of us, each one of us, each one of us holding spiritual gifts and spiritual offices coming together brings that pillar of fire huh back again. It's so important for us to come create the right atmosphere, bring our individual licks of fire into the place, begin to worship the Lord with total abandonment, and his spirit rides in and somebody catches an inspiration. Because before the fire fell, Moses had to make sure that there were boundaries set around the mountain and then the fire could fall. You understand? and and before the fire can fall here, we've got to go back and reconsecrate an altar before the Lord. And that's not a piece of furniture. This that is a that is a mourner's bench. And it's a Methodist tradition. You see, there is no altar in the scripture where people come and repent. They come to die. They come to worship God. And and anything I know about an altar in the Bible is it's a place of death. So you don't have to have that piece. But thank God you've got it and thank God we can use it and we should. But but your altar is not a piece of furniture. Your altar is is an attitude of your heart. You're humbling yourself before God. And God can meet you on the tractor. He can meet you in the corn crib. He can meet you uh in Walmart. Wherever you are, he'll meet you here, but he can meet you in the yard. He can meet you at your kitchen sink. Hallelujah. He can meet you, Mimi, and your dog kennel. He can meet you wherever, wherever you decide. I'm going to go back and reconsecrate my altar. I'm going to bow my heart this time, not just my knee. I'm going to bow my heart and I'm going to pray that God will send a fire that will break off every chain and every yoke and every bondage and every habit and every thought that is unlike him. How many of you believe that there is a key when we are willing to go back and start a fresh with the Lord? He allows that. He allows that. He allows U-turns. He allows us to come again and say, "Lord, I want to start a fresh. I want to start a new. I wanna I want to have my own shave. I want to have my own installment." You see, the greatest thing that God did in in differentiating between the two installments of of Shàuote is in the first Shaveote, 3,000 rebelled and 3,000 died. But in on the day of Pentecost, the Bible says that when the spirit of God fell and they begin to they begin to that 3,000 souls came to the kingdom of God. You think that's a you think that's a coincidence? I don't. I think God was saying, here's where the difference has come. It's the law is no longer written on a tablet of stone and the instruction is no longer written on a sheep's skin. It's now where is it written? The scripture says on the fleshy tables of the heart. That's what this further latter installment of shave has done. He's now taken his law, his instruction, his truth, and he has written it on our heart. So that the the word I'll read it to you Tuesday night. The word is so powerful because it says this is such that men will not have to keep coming and saying, "What did he say? What does he say? What does he say? What's the way?" But instead, you'll be able to tell them. You'll be able to know and you'll be able to tell them immediately because it's written here. All I know is that I know that I know that I know that I know. How do you know? I know because it's been made real to me. Let's stand. Don't you dare break through the fences. Don't you dare forget that God's word is holy and sacred and true. Don't you dare forget that God loves you so much. He has now put it right inside of you. This same spirit that raised Jesus from the dead, he said, "If that dwells in you, it shall it shall what? It shall also quicken," which means resurrect and make alive. It shall also quicken your mortal body. Without the quickening power of Jesus Christ, without the fullness of the resurrection and what happened in the ascension, the spirit of God being poured out again on us. Without that, we have no hope beyond the grave. How many of you are glad Paul said it that way? If Christ be not risen, the death was enough. But the reality is we we've got to get past death. We got to get past death. And so if he had not risen, we could have died in hope, but we had no hope of ever getting up again. But Jesus has now become the first fruits of them which slept, giving the promise of eternal life. uh Jessica and Sister Cindy and others. If it weren't for that, if it wasn't for that hope, we couldn't do what we have to do. Sometimes, we couldn't do it. We couldn't get past it. When we lose those we love, we couldn't get past it. But because of this, because he didn't just die, he rose again. He gives us hope. Hallelujah. Thessalonians, first Thessalonians, isn't it? Those who are alive and remain will be caught up together to meet the Lord in the air and to meet the righteous dead. And so shall we forever be with the Lord. Well, where are they now? What are they doing now? I don't know. I don't I don't fully understand and know exactly what all are going on now. I don't think it's what some folks think. I don't think our loved ones are wearing diapers and playing harps. I don't think they've all of a sudden become angels. They were more angels here to us because we loved them and cherished them. But I believe they're waiting on us in the presence of God. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. That's enough. We may not figure out the details till we get over there, but that's enough. If I can have hope that my loved one that I've had to say goodbye to is now in the presence of the Lord. If I can have that hope, I can get through this thing. The dead in Christ shall what? Rise first. And then we which are alive and remain, we catch them in the air with the Lord. You really believe all that? With all my heart. With all my heart. I believe. May we make sure that we're ready to go. May we quit fooling around with the standards that God has set before us. May we be faithful to our convictions. May we not move the the the boundaries an inch at a time. May we just leave them where they are. They're things we don't understand. We just give them. I just keep giving them to the Lord. Lord, you talk to us. You help us. Aren't you glad we're growing? Aren't you glad we're still climbing mountains? Now, the presence of the Lord is here now. And anything you have need of, you can have if you have the faith to believe. And you know what? I believe you do. I believe you do. I believe there's enough faith in the room right now to manifest healing for your body. I believe there's enough faith in the room right now to to bring deliverance to your bondage. I believe there's enough faith in the room right now to bring you right into the presence of the Lord. Father, here we are. It's been a little tough getting through this. Sure took long time, but I want to know that I have obeyed you. We don't do this for a paycheck. We do it to be able to to meet you one day and have peace. There are needs in this house. And I don't think that it has to be beating the floor to get you to come down to meet the need. I believe your word has brought you down. I believe that even though we had to make our way through some dry spots in this, I believe we've we've been sitting together in heavenly places because that's what the unfolding of your word does. The tying together of scripture with scripture that brings us into an atmosphere of faith. So, I have to believe you're here. And I have to believe that you've got healing for every pain, whether it be internal heartaches or whether it be physical pain. With your stripes, we're healed. May truth break through the darkness of every religious lie. And may we come to the re revelation so that we can have the personal revival. We honor the fences and the fire will fall. Lord, come and burn out the chaff and consecrate our hearts, our attitudes, our bad thinking. Bring us into the presence of the Lord. and we'll praise you. Thank you for another opportunity to worship you [Music] now. How do you explain? How do you describe A love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is wide. Lord, you know all our hopes and you know all our fears. [Music] And words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. Just listen to our [Music] hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows for those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, Lord, listen to our [Music] hearts. If words could fall, I [Music] gra from these lips of [Music] mine. And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. [Music] So if you listen to my heart, Lord, every beat will say, Lord, thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth and thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows for those you have redeemed. Lord, we will use the words we know just to tell you what an awesome God that you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, Lord, listen to our hearts. [Music] So listen to our [Music] hearts, Lord. Hear our spirit sing. The song of praise that flows for those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know just to tell you what an awesome God that you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Oh, listen to our heart. Just let your heart talk to him right now. And we will when our words are not enough just let your heart talk to him. Here we are Lord. Here we are. We are asking you for another installment of the fire that fell at Shàuote. Send the Holy Ghost fire into our lives. not only to cleanse but to empower, to equip us to live a godly life, to set an example for those around us. We cannot do it with our own works. But as we surrender to you, Lord, we can let your life live in us. The life that we now live, not ours, but it's your life now living in us. We consecrate ourselves even in this moment right now. Would you just spread your heart before the Lord? Would you just say, "Here I am, Lord. I want to fall in love with you even more than I've ever loved you before. I want to give more of myself to to your kingdom work, to your purposes in my life. And when I don't even have the words to tell you where I am, what I'm going through, Lord, let my heart cry out. I'm thankful that you hear us when we don't have words. I'm thankful that you hear us, Lord, when we don't even know how to pray. I'm thankful that the Holy Ghost has made a way. Your spirit can even pray through us with groanings that cannot be uttered. We just surrender. I can't shake the feeling that God's particularly calling to somebody. I hope he's calling all of us, but I can't shake the feeling that he's particularly calling to somebody. Would you just surrender a little more of who you are? If you feel like there's a little part of you that perhaps you've not yet laid down before him, would you do that right now? Maybe a particular area of your life that you've not let him get in and move and change some stuff and rearrange some stuff. you've kind of held it a little more personal and not allowed the Holy Ghost to have his way in that area of your life. Would you just be willing? Would you just be willing right now to come and say, "Lord, I'm I'm willing for you to change my mind, my heart, my direction, my plans. Whatever it is that I've been holding back as though it were mine to possess, I now lay it before you." Sing the chorus again. We'll just sing it as a prayer. Listen to my heart. Hear my spirit. Sing out your word. Hear our spirit. Faithfulness, your goodness, your mercy. A song of praise that flow. Let it come out of me to glorify your holy name to those you have redeemed. I want the world to know that you live in me. And we will use a word we know to tell you what an awesome God you are but when words words are not enough here I am Lord to tell you of our love Lord listen to our heart one more time the chorus just like that listen so listen to our hearts and hear our spirit sing. Jesus, a song of praise that flows for those you have redeemed. [Music] And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God that you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Oh, listen to our heart. Bless you. If you need to leave, you're free to go. You're dismissed to go. If you need to go, I don't I've held you so long. I I don't want to force you out of respect to stay any longer. If you need to go, you can. I wonder, are there some who just have some special need before the Lord? You just hold up your hand. I have a special need. Keep it up just a minute. Now, let's let's practice a little body ministry here real quickly. Keep your hand up just a minute. These say we have a special need here under this hand. Under this hand, there's a need. I want the rest of you if you if you feel comfortable to do it. Would you just someone get near that person? Keep your hand up for just another moment. Even those out there, if they've got their hand up, just somebody just slip to them. You're not going to prophesy over them. You're going to just join your faith with theirs right now. So that no one said I have a special need and and doesn't have yet someone to join faith. I tell you there's power in agreement. When we join our faith together anything God can do anything but fail he can't fail. Now did everybody that has their hand up I I've my glasses keep fogging so I took them off. Uh if you are here and you've got a need and you raised your hand please let's make sure that every one of those people have somebody. I think maybe they do. Now let's agree with them. Father, in the name of Jesus, you said in your word that if two would agree as touching on any one thing in your name that you would you would give it. You would release it. Now, I don't believe that necessarily means we have to know the details of that need. I I believe it's all right not to know. We join our faith right now with with others in this house. And we pray for those who had a uplifted hand that represented a need in the heart. And and we believe, Lord, that you're faithful to that need. Hallelujah. We believe you saw this moment before it ever arrived. And you know exactly what's in that need and what's in that heart and what's in that life. And we're asking you, Lord Jesus, right now to come and speak peace to a troubled water, to a place where there's a storm. Speak peace. Speak life. When I said that, I in my in my spirit's eye, I could just see churning waters, waters just bubbling, un unsettled water, choppy waters. Yes. And somebody no doubt feels that way right now, but I I want you to know he's the peace speaker. And he may, you may think and feel that he's asleep, but I want you to know in just the right moment, he has a word. Hallelujah. He has a word to calm the troubled waters of your inner man. Hallelujah. Another thing that God did at Shàuote is he he reversed the curse of confusion that fell at Babel. Yeah. And he let people hear their language by the spirit being spoken by men that had never learned it. And God said, "I'm I'm I'm bringing clarity to the chaos a and I'm giving some truth to replace the confusion." Maybe you need some of that right now. Maybe you need some clarity uh with some different issues in your life. Father, I thank you right now that as we agree together in faith, you have a voice that can speak into the depth of our heart and bring clarity where there is confusion. Hallelujah. And direction where there is chaos. [Music] Mondo reekisa. You're a healer. You're a deliverer. You're a Holy Ghost refiller. You're a peace speaker. Peace to the storm. Peace to the trouble water. Comfort to those who feel comfortless. You're a great big God. We honor you today. We honor you today. We honor you today. But it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Now, let's thank you. Coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Yes. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. It's not about me. When it's all about you, about my problem. It's about you, Lord. It's all about you. It's not about my feelings. I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. One more time. I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. And I'm sorry for the things I've made it. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. God bless you. Would you reach over and love somebody as you leave today? You're dismissed to go in the name of the Lord. I hope you don't hate your preacher for going so long. Tuesday night at 7 o'clock, we'll come back to worship the Lord. Next Saturday and Sunday, we'll have a special time of fellowship and meetings together. You are dismissed, but I want us to sing as you go out. Uh Lord, send the power. Let's sing that really quickly as you're going out today. They were in an upper chamber. They were all in one accord. God bless you, darling. They were in an upper chamber. They were all in one accord when the Holy Ghost descended as was promised by our Lord. And oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. and baptize everyone. Yes, this power from heaven descended to our fathers who were true. It is promised to believers and we all must have it too. I'm singing, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Yes, this old time power was given to our fathers who were true. It is promised to believers and we all may have it too. I'm singing, oh Lord, send the power. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Baptize everyone. One more time. Oh. Oh Lord, send the power just now. I'm singing. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Baptize everyone. I'm singing. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Baptize everyone. [Music]
