################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - A Thirsty Soul - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    A Thirsty Soul
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa8aNSZTkpQ
========================================

Description:
In "A Thirsty Soul," Duane Jackson explores the God-designed spiritual thirst within every person, warning against the dangers of spiritual dehydration that occurs when we attempt to satisfy this holy longing with unholy living. Using powerful analogies of natural and spiritual water, Jackson illustrates how worldly substitutes, small compromises, and wrong environments gradually deplete believers. The message culminates with Christ's invitation at the water libation ceremony, emphasizing that only Jesus can truly satisfy the soul's deepest thirst.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] down. He [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] years I spend in vanity and pride caring not my Lord was crucified knowing not it was for me he died on Calary Glory. Well, mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. By God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law I'd spurned till my guilty soul in poor returned to Calary. Well mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. bear my burden, soul found liberty at Calary. Well, now I've given Jesus everything. And now I gladly know him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only sing of Calary. [Music] mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at calary and know the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to man. Oh, the mighty Gulf that God did spend at Calary. Well, mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Well, now I've given Jesus everything. Now I gladly know him as my king. And now my raptured soul can only sing of Calary. Well, mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. My burning soul found at liberty at Calary. Oh the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to man. Oh the mighty gulf that God did stand at Calary. [Music] Mercy there was great and grace was free heart there was w to glide to me my burden soul found liberty at calary well mercy there was great and grace was free heart there was multiplied to me my burden soul Cal liberty at Calary. I am on the upward road leading to that bride above where forever my soul shall be free. Won't that be a happy time? Heaven's bells will sweetly chime when the home gates swing open for me. Oh, that will be a happy day. When the clouds have passed away and from my cares I shall be free. When the home gates swing open for me. Well, and that will be a happy day. Oh, when all the clouds may pass away from my cares, I shall be free. When the whole gates swing open for me, though sometimes the path may lead through the veil of sin and grief, Jesus, ever my refuge will be soon at home, my trials or I shall praise him ever more. When the home gates swing open for me. Well, and that will be a happy day. When all the clouds have passed away and from my cares I shall be free. When the home gates open for me. Well, and that will be a happy day. When all the clouds have passed away, and from my caves I shall be free. Home gates swing open for me. Now I'll keep walking in his light till my face shall live in sight. He will lead me till safe for the sea. I shall find a welcome hand and a crown of glory where when the home gates swing open for me. Oh, that will be a happy day. When the clouds have passed away from my cares I shall be free. When the home gates swing open for me. Well, and that will be my happiness. When the clouds have passed away and from my car, I shall be free. When the home gates swing open for me, I am upon the upward road leading to that bride abode where forever my soul shall be free. Won't that be a happy time? Heaven's bells will sweetly chime when the home gates swing open for me. And that will be a happy day. When the clouds have passed away and from my caves I shall be free. When the home gates swing open for me. Now I'll keep walking in his light till my faith shall end in sight. He will lead me till safe for the sea. I shall find a welcome there and a crowd of glory where when the home gates swing open for me. Well, that will be a happy day. When the clouds have passed away and from my car I shall be free. When the home gates swing open for well and that will be will be a happy day. Happy day. When the clouds have passed away I shall be free. When the home gates swing open before me. Oh, what a day that's going to be. [Music] Our God, a firm foundation, our rock, the only solid ground as nations rise and fall. So kingdoms one strong now shaken but we trust forever in your name. It's the name of Jesus. And oh we trust the name of Jesus. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever, forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever. Forever more. You are victorious. [Music] unmatched in all your wisdom, in love and just as you and every knee will [Music] bow. We bring our expectations, our hope. It's anchored in your name. It's the name of Jesus. Oh, we trust the name of Jesus. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher and you are the only king forever. Forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher and you are the only king forever, forever more. You are [Music] victorious, unmatched in all your wisdom. In love, justice you will reign. It's every knee will bow. [Music] We bring our expectations, our hope. It's anchored in your name. It's the name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, we trust the name of Jesus. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever, forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. You are the only king forever. Forever more. You are victorious. And we lift our banner high. And we lift the name of Jesus. From age to age you reign. Your kingdom has no end. We lift our bed. Oh, and we lift. We lift the name of Jesus. From age to age you reign. Your kingdom has no end. And we lift our banner high. We lift the name of Jesus for our maid to age you reign. Your kingdom has no end. And we lift our banner. Sing it to him. We lift the name of Jesus. From age to age you reign your king. Sing it like that again. We lift and we lift our banner high. We lift the name of Jesus for age to age your reign. Your kingdom has no end. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. You are the only king forever. Forever more. You are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever. Forever more. You are victorious. Oh, you are our victorious king. We're here to worship you, Lord. We're here to magnify your name. Come and have your way in this place. Come and have your way in this service, oh Lord. Do what you want to do. Hallelujah. I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation is only the [Music] start. And now I am chosen. I'm free and forgive. Now I have a future. I have a future and it's worth the living [Music] cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. [Music] So why would I make A bed in my shame. When a fountain of grace is running my way, I know I am yours. And I was made for Cuz I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. Oh, the cross of salvation. It was only the start. Oh, now I am chosen. I'm free and forgiven and I have a future and it's worth a living. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for Lord cuz I know who I am cuz I know who you are. Oh, the cross of salvation. It was only the start. Because now I am chosen. I am free and forgiven. And I have a [Music] future and it's worth the living. Oh, I wasn't made to be tinned in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. Oh, I was made for more. Oh, and why would I been in my shame when a fountain of grace has come running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more because I wasn't made to be. Send in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for. Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shade when a fountain of grace has come running my way? I know I am yours. I was made. [Music] Oh hallelu you called out my name so I'll sing out your praise hallelu you buried my past I'm not going [Applause] backlu you called out my name so I'll sing out your praise [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. You buried my past. I'm not going back. And hallelu you call out my name. I sing out your praise. Hallelu. You buried my past. I'm not going back. And I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was whole body. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more. Were you made for more? Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be sitting no grave. I was called by name. born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is come running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for Lord. And oh hallelujah. You call out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. You buried my past. No, I'm not going back. Hallelujah. [Music] You call out my name. I sing out your [Applause] praise. You bury my past. I'm not going back. So why would I pretend in a grave? I was called by name. Born and raised back to life. again and I was made for more. [Music] So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. Sing it like that again. Keep the music soft and sing it out. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be. Tend in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. [Music] Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. Oh, we were made for more. We were made for more. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. [Music] How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must stand and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. You are worthy Lord cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king except for my heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I throw up my hands and I'll praise you again and again, Lord. Cuz all that I have is my hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king except for my heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Lord, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you. You're so worthy, Lord. You're worthy of all the praise I have is a hallelujah. It's this [Music] hallelujah. Lord, I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else. [Music] singing hallelu. [Music] Oh hallelujah. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. You're so worthy, Lord, cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, I know it's not much, but without nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah, hallelujah. [Music] So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy of me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? So come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy of your song cuz you got a inside of those. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Get up and praise the Lord. Come on, my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Give up and praise the Lord. [Applause] So I throw up my head and praise you again and again. All that I have is a heart. [Music] Oh, I know he's not else you except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Bring the music down. Sing it out. So I throw up my hands. Praise you again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. [Music] heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, we sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah to the king of kings. You're so worthy of all of our praise. All we have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I don't know how to say exactly how I feel. And I can't begin to tell you what your love has meant. I'm lost for words. And is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are my dearest friend. [Music] Oh Lord, this is my [Music] desire just to pour my love on you. Like all upon your feet and like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. Lord, I just want to pour my love on you. And if praise is like perfume, then I'll lish mine on you. Tell everyone, Lord, I'll pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet and like wine for you to drink. like water from my heart. Lord, I just want to pour my love on you and embrace. It's like perfume. Lord, I'll lish mine on you. Till every drop it's gone. I'll pour my love on you like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I've just come to pour my love on you, Lord. And if praise is like perfume. I just want to lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I've come to pour my love on you. And in praise is like perfume. I'll lish mine on you till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet. Like wine for you to drink. water from my heart. I'll pour my love on you. Give praise is like perfume. Lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love on you. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh master. You're worthy king of [Music] ky is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy lamb. Our king is holy. Lord. There is no one higher than you. He is holy. He's holy. He's holy. We worship you and you alone. We worship you, Lord Jesus. In your majesty, in your splendor, in your glory. You gave your blood that we did not have to die be eternally separated. You gave your blood that we could be saved. We could be redeemed back to you. Yes. Oh God, how we worship you for that. You healed our bodies. You healed our minds. You delivered us, oh Lord, from yesterday. All that had us bound, you delivered us. I thank you. I worship you for who you are. I am not who I used to be. I have been made new because of the blood of the lamb, the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise him. Oh, all praise is due to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Master. Hallelujah. Thank you, Master. What a story he wrote for me. What a story he wrote. I am a part of his story. I'm a part of his life. My life is dead and gone. I left it behind me. I'm a part of his story. A part of his life. How grateful I am tonight for that. Do you have a need on your heart by the lifting of the hand? Whether it be a physical need, a spiritual need, whether you need deliverance, whether you need a job, whether you need a lawyer, he is the deliverer, he is the one. He's our advocate. He is everything that I have need of. And I just lift my need to him out across the stream. The Lord knows the need that you have and he is able to meet that need for you. Would you continue to remember the family of brother Samuel Johnson who passed away this week that God would comfort their family, sister Johnson who's still alive in the family, kids, grandkids, great grandkids. And uh remember uh so many need there are so many needs that have come in. We have some that are fighting sickness. Let's pray that they'll be healed tonight and that it won't spread anymore through through this house. Pray for our brother Fisher in Israel and his family, would you? That God will just cover them and surround. Yes. Yes. Amen. Keep them in his care. If praises like perfume, I lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone, I'll pour my love. Brother David, will you come and lead us to prayer tonight? Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I'll pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I'll lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone. I'll pour my love Jesus. Lord Jesus, the greatest thing that we could ever do. The greatest thing that we could ever accomplish is right before us right now. And it's not a one-time accomplishment. That's it. This isn't a one-time doing. Father, I heard your prophet say, "We need a reoutpouring of the Holy Ghost every hour." Lord Jesus, I can feel you here with us in such a mighty way. in the Lord. Thank you, Lord. There is nothing more important on earth than coming in contact with you. And we have no way to make that happen. But it's your mercy and grace. And we recognize that, Lord. It's not something we're hyping up. It's not something that we're conjuring in our mind. It is a real true outpouring experience of Jesus Christ on his bride once more. And Lord, all we can say for that is thank you so much for choosing us before the foundation of the world. Thank you for setting us up for such a time as this and placing the overcoming power of Jesus in our hearts. Lord, we come tonight not for show. We come not to hear a man. We don't come for any reason but to hear transcend through the corridors of time now Lord and speak through our brother as we get ready to go into this service. Lord this could be our last service and we recognize that there is nothing holding back the sounding of the trumpet. I believe that with all of my heart Lord. Amen. But I pray now as we get ready to transition, the praise has gone forth. There's no doubt about it. I pray Lord from the depths of my soul, I pray that as brother Dwayne gets ready to take this pull pit that the Holy Spirit himself will overshadow him so mightily and speak to every single heart here. Lord, I have needs on my heart. Each and every one of us have a need. And Lord, you are more than able. We're not going to get there by the skin of our teeth because you are more than able. We commit our lives, we commit our minds, we commit our ears, we commit our eyes, we commit our hearts, we commit our subconscious to you, Father. guide our thoughts so they might be holy and looking upon the things of heaven. Please, Lord, it's going to take you. This world has gone stark, grave mad, but Lord, we pray that the angels will guard about us now and create such an atmosphere that we will enter into that holy, holy, holy worship with you. Grant, Lord, we commit this service into your hands now in the precious and most holy name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we give you praise, Lord, for you're worthy. Hallelujah. [Applause] God bless you tonight. You may have your seat. Praise God. We're sure glad to see you in the house of the Lord with us tonight. Amen. We're glad to have brother Dwayne and sister Heather and their family from North Carolina. He'll be ministering the word tonight. Hallelujah. Brother David Templeton and his family and part of his congregation from Word of Life in Valley, Alabama. We're glad to see all of you. Wonderful delegation from Indiana. We're sure glad to see you all this weekend. God bless you everyone. brother and sister Ber from uh Russellville, Kentucky. We're glad that they're here tonight. The Lord bless [Applause] you. This young man with uh brother Austin, I don't remember your name, but I'm glad to see you. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here [Applause] tonight. This That's Dylan. Dylan. Yes, I know who All right. Well, we're glad that you're here. God bless you. This Go ahead. This brother here with uh IAS is from New Mexico. Is that right? We're glad Lee. Liam. Liam. We're glad Liam is flown in from New Mexico. God bless you. We've got the deputy from Troop County here tonight with his family. We're We're glad that you're here. God bless you. We're glad for all the home folks being here tonight. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here. Did I get everybody? I think I got all the visitors. Your nephew. My nephew. Yeah, I missed him. Isaac, I'm glad you're here. I'm glad to be home with my wife. [Applause] I bring you greetings from my friend, brother Paco. That's what we call him. That's not really his name, but uh that's what we call him in Honduras. He sends his greetings to brother Shelley and to all of the church. He watches some of the archives of the services. And uh I did not know that the opportunity would open up on Wednesday night. I didn't know if he was going to be home, but the opportunity opened up at his home church uh in Aguablanca, Honduras on Wednesday night. And so he he uh interpreted the service and the Lord moved in a wonderful way and we're thankful for all that he did. But we're glad to be back in the United States. Grateful for the goodness of God, how that God has uh just blessed us in the word here. We're very very blessed uh that God would let us be here. We're glad to be here this weekend. We know that he's going to speak to us every time we go to the house of the Lord. That should be our expectation. We should go not just to sit and stare, but we should go with a determination that we're going to yank it out of the preacher. We're because we have a need and God has the answer. Amen. We're going to receive the tithe and offering tonight. We're going to give as given unto the Lord. I'm going to ask brother Austin Hodgees and Brother Ellias if these brothers, we're going to let them come to you tonight to receive tithe and offering. And uh if you want credit for your taxes for your tithe or offering, there are envelopes at the back you can put your tither or offering. Make sure you put your address and so forth so that we can get you a tax receipt at the end of the year. Brother Cade is going to lead us in worship and we're going to worship together with him and we're going to prepare our hearts for the preaching of the word tonight. May God just pour out his spirit. We can reach up into that presence and get exactly what we need. God bless you. [Music] The Lord is my [Music] shepher. He goes before me. [Music] defender behind me and I won't fear. I'm filled with [Music] anointing. My cups overflowing. [Music] And no weapon can haunt [Music] me. And I won't fear. [Music] Hallelu. I am not alone. [Music] Oh, he's my comfort always holds me close. He always guides [Music] me through mountains and [Music] valleyies. His joy is [Music] refreshing. It restores my soul. [Music] Mercy and goodness gives me [Music] assurance that I'll see his [Music] glory face to face. [Music] Hallelujah. I am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. All holds me close. And he always guides [Music] me through mountains and [Music] valleyies. His joy is refreshing. Oh, it refreshes my soul. [Music] and mercy and goodness. Oh, it gives me assurance that I'll see his glory. Oh, face to face. Halleluah. Oh [Music] hallelu. I am not alone. No, I'm not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. All holds me close. Sing hallelujah and [Music] hallelujah. I am not alone. I'm never alone. No, he's my comfort. Always hold me close. Your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit is within me. My victory, my victory. Your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory, my victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. You're my victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. [Music] Hallelujah. I am not alone. No, I'm never alone. [Music] No, he's my comfort always holds me close. Oh, [Music] hallelu. I am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. All holds me close. Sing about his spirit tonight. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit is within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit is within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives. Why don't we declare that tonight? Your love is your spirit. Your love is within me. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your will. Your spirit lives within me. You're my victory. You're my victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. Hallelujah. I am not alone. I am not alone. Oh, I am not alone. [Music] Oh, he's my comfort. Always holds me close. Holds me. He holds me close. Jesus. Lord, we thank you tonight that you hold us close. We're not always submitted. We're not always yielding to you. Sometimes we struggle from your arms. But Lord, we're so thankful tonight that you don't give up. You don't change your mind about us. You have a way of drawing us, wooing us, and calling us. the deep that calls to the deep, bringing us right back every time to papa's care. Lord, we are preparing our hearts tonight to hear your word and we love our brother and we have confidence that you've called him, but we're looking beyond him tonight. We're looking to the living word. Would you come and walk among us this evening? Speak to us. Talk to us, Lord. Doesn't matter to us whether you whisper or whether you shout. We just want to know your voice. We want to discern your heart and we want to spend time in fellowship with you this evening. Lord, bless every person for their sacrifice to be here tonight. And we give you all the glory and the honor and the praise for it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you. Would you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Clap your hands. The Bible said, "All ye people shout unto God with a voice of [Music] [Music] triumph. Be seated just a moment. Um, he's good all the time. He's all the time good, isn't he? Need to do just a few things quickly. You don't believe that it can be quickly if I'm involved, but it really can. Uh, I want to say to Pastor David Templeton and his wife and the church family there, how much I know brother Greley's already uh mentioned it, but I want them to know how much we appreciate them being here this evening. from the bottom of our hearts. We appreciate it. Some of you heard how this uh uh tonight sort of came to be. Uh we have first weekend meetings every other month and we do that uh been doing it for a couple three years now and God has moved my my he has moved in those little special efforts and people have come from a lot of places to be with us brother. uh somehow they and and uh every church is sovereign and we don't have to plan our schedule around the valley and the valley doesn't we know all that but oh what a wonderful sweet spirit of fellowship and unity and brotherhood um when we were giving our apologies for not being able to be there with them this weekend for their meetings with brother Dwayne um I just thought well I'll put my toe in the you know, you never know. And I said, "Well, I I guess you could share him with us." And I waited. You know, you know, dot dot dot bubble bubble bubble. You know something's coming, but you're not sure what's coming. But, you know, an answer's on the way. There it was. He No hesitation, none whatsoever. And it it it left me speechless for a few minutes. That doesn't happen often either because we've never known that kind of fellowship and that kind of unity and brotherhood and we appreciate it so very much. Brother Dwayne will be preaching for us tonight. He'll be in the valley and I know they understand that we won't be able to be with him tomorrow but we'll catch the next meeting that you have. But isn't that just right? It's just right. It's just it's just right. But it's rare. And maybe you think it should just be and and I do, but but it hasn't. And for a brother to come and and to have that kind of a humility and uh and just change his plans and uh you you will still owe me a barbecue though. But just to change his plans, that's just real brotherhood and I appreciate it. Well, um would you sing for us, sister? Um, mangum, mang mangum. Brittany, would you sing? Oh, come on. We won't say too much. You can strike her name from the from the video because I don't know if they're to be incognito or not, but we're so happy to have them. She's a singer and we're going to have plenty of time for the word. Did I embarrass you? Good. Yeah. Has it? Um, I'll play. Oh, you'll play and sing. Wonderful. Let's welcome them. Can I say that? Uh, Justin gives amazing haircuts, too. So, if you need one, and I know I notice that some of you do, he's the man to see. Lord bless her. She's all anointed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. The blood that Jesus shed for me way on Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. for it reaches to the highest mountain. You know it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his [Music] power. You know it to my doubt. And it calms all my [Music] fear. Jesus blood drives all my tears flood and kiss me straight from day to day. He will never lose his [Music] power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain. You'll know it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. [Music] sing to the highest mountain. Thank God it still does tonight. To the lowest. [Music] It's the blood that gives me me from day to day to day, every day. It will never never lose it. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] It's the life. It's the life that was in that blood. Whoa. Hallelujah. And the blood cell broke open and that life fell on you and fell on me. Aren't you glad? You're more than covered. You're more than covered. The living word is in you because of the life that was in that blood. Amen. Brother, you know, if you can't preach in this atmosphere, well, I don't know what to say. [Music] God is good. Amen. Amen. Just come on. Do we have to do the Do we have to sing the traditional song or anything? Can you just come and sing and preach and Oh, I love this brother. How many of you love Brother Dwayne Jackson? I do. Amen. We all love Heather, too, very much. And they're amazing kids. They're a blessing to us all. Just come. Lord have mercy. I want to do something. I don't know what Hallelujah. praise the Lord. Amen. It is so good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. I I I I couldn't stay back there too long. I had had to come out here. I tell you, it is uh it's just rich rich. Do you I don't know what key that that little chorus is. Thank you, master. Pour your spirit out on me. Lord, we need you. More of you, Lord. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me Jesus. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Won't you fill my cup again? Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit. Oh, will you lift it up to him one more time this evening? Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like grave will saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pour aresh on me. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Lord, fall just like the rain. Yes, sir. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Do it. Do it. Heal my heart, Lord, and make me whole. [Music] I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out. [Music] Hallelujah. How many needs him to pour his spirit out on you this evening? I believe he is. He is. Yes. I'm not waiting on it. He already is pouring his spirit out. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank y'all for the music. I tell you, it is so wonderful. Many, many, many, many people don't realize how necessary it is for music. Yes. Many people don't realize the ministry that comes with music. That's true. That's true. I maybe I've said it here before. You You look into scripture. When Saul was needing to be freed of the demon spirits, he didn't call for the prophet. Right. He didn't call for a minister. Who did he call for? A musician. Yes. That's right. He called for a musician to drive those evil spirits away. They were bombarding him. And it wasn't going to be a prophet at that time that took it away from him. It was going to be a musician and a psalmist that could drive those things away. So, it's important. It's very important. Amen. Could I invite you to turn with me to the book of Matthew this evening, chapter 5 and verse 6. I'll try to get right right to it and not take up too much of your time this evening. Um, I don't know if y'all are as nervous as I am. I'm glad y'all aren't because I'm nervous enough for for for all of you this evening. And it's not I'm not nervous for the word. I I recognize the office. That's right. I recognize when I'm standing in front of his bride, the bloodbought, purchased of God and and I recognize the awesomeness of of being in that position and I don't take it lightly this evening at all. The book of Matthew chapter 5 and verse 6. Let me ask you this question before I read this. How many want to be blessed? How many want to be blessed? Amen. All right. Well, this says, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Not might be, not may be, not could be, but they shall be filled. Yes, sir. Also in Jeremiah 31:25, I'll read this and then you can you can have your seats. Jeremiah 31:25 says, "For I have satiated satiated." We We'll talk about that word in a minute. Satiated the weary soul. Amen. And I have replenished every sorrowful soul. Yes, sir. Who did it? He did it. He did it. He's the one that's coming down with his presence. You were singing this song that I want to pour out my love on him, pour out my praise on him. But guess what? He wants to pour it all out on you. That's his desire is to express himself and express his love to you this evening. You You can have your seats in the presence of the Lord this evening. Amen. The word satiated comes from a a Hebrew word. I think I let him I gave that to him now. I don't know if I pronounced it correctly. Rava. Yes. Rava. It's a primitive root. Says to slake or to quench the thirst. And it says occasionally of other appetites. You know, sometimes people are hungry and thirsty, but they're hungering and thirsting for the wrong things. Their hunger and their thirst is not after righteousness. It's not after the word. is not after God. That's it. They slip another little letter in there, the letter L, and they hunger and thirst for the world. Uhhuh. Rather than for the word. That's it. It says, "Bathe, bathe, make drunk, to fill abundantly, satisfy, soak like water abundantly." That's what that word when it says for I have satiated. He He has taken out all of the weariness. He's removed all the weary. I I I was I was just thinking back. It was six months ago whenever we were here last with you. Six months ago in October of last year and and that was a very tough time. It was a a very trying time. And and Satan was trying his best to do everything he could to to bring to oppress the people and to bring the people down. That's right. But see, Jeremiah says, "For I have satiated satiated the weary soul. He wants to pour and he has. I have witnessed it. I've watched it. I've seen how he has come down and he has bathed this congregation with his love and his mercy and his grace to replenish every sorrowful Amen soul. I was I was I'd like to if I'd I'd like to speak to you on a thirsty soul. Yes. That would be the title of my my message this evening if I would give it a title of thirsty soul. and and um I I I've I've been doing a little study at home on uh on spiritual dehydration and uh and maybe maybe some of that will that'll come come through this evening. Um and I was I was looking up um on the worldvision.org og um talking about water crisis facts and um I just I was curious about it because I know you know back years ago there was you know billions and billions in this world that had no access to water. You know we we take it for granted. You know we we've got it we've got it right in front of us and and good water that you can drink. and and I' I've become a water snob. Um after coming down here and and and drinking this Callaway Blue, um that's what we drink at my house now. I I I I'm about ready to buy stock in Callaway Blue because we we buy it by the cases and we bring it in and it gets drunk. I used to bring in all sorts of other stuff that we won't talk about those other kind of waters. Um some of those they they just they left a bad taste in your mouth. Makes you thirsty. They did. Yeah. It didn't satisfy the thirst. um it left a bad taste, but as of as of right now that it says according to worldvision.org 703 million people, which is 1 in 11 people worldwide, lack access to clean water. Wow. 703 in the day that we're living in, 703 million people, 2.2 billion people do not have access to safely managed drinking water services. Women and girls around the world spend an estimated 250 million hours carrying water every day walking on average about 3.7 miles to haul on average 44 pounds of water. And more than a thousand children under the age of five die every day from diseases related to the lack of clean water, the lack of sanitation and hygiene. I I was just You say, "Well, what in the world does that have anything to do with with with with us and in in in church here here today?" Well, I I I look at things spiritually and naturally, right? Because these there's there's a lot of churches that you could go to and they're not giving clean, pure, unadulterated water from the word. It's contaminated. Brother Brother Brandham would talk about it as broken sistns and and he he would talk about the contamination that you find in many of the denominational churches. Well, can I bring it a little closer to home? Yeah, it's just not in denominational churches. There's contamination in those that would be so-called message believing churches because they put in things that wasn't meant to be put in. They don't just leave it alone. Say it the way he said it. Say it the way the word says it. Don't add to. Don't take away from. Just leave it alone. But so many of them contaminate it nowadays. And people are going thinking that they're taking a good drink of water and they go into that service and they sit there in that environment and they're thinking that they're being fed good, clean water. And then later they they come to find out it wasn't clean at all. It poisoned me. the things that they were taking in into their bodies, it was poisoning their body and it wasn't satiating them. It wasn't bathing them. You know, did you did you know I didn't know this until just a few weeks ago whenever I was doing some studying that if you spend enough time in saltwater, if you people that like to go and and they want to be at the ocean or be in a saltwater pool or whatever, if you spend too much time in saltwater, just being in that water will dehydrate you. Will, right? I didn't know that. I'm thinking you're in water. Water hydrates. Not all water hydrates, though. That's right. If you're in salt water for too long, it can cause you to become dehydrated. And I and and again, I I was just thinking the wrong environment. We place oursel in the wrong environment. And if we're not careful, the things that we have subjected oursel to, the locations that we have put oursel in, if you stay in that environment too long, what does it do? It becomes a part of you. It it comes inside of you. You know, I I I've I've I've dealt with for for years, I've dealt with with really dry skin, you know, by the my my legs, my back deals deal deals with really dry skin. I was talking with with my my doctor a few weeks ago, and he was I was asking him, you know, what what can I do for it? You know, I've I've tried different types of creams and and those type things, and everybody tells you this is the best and that's the best. And he said, he said, "I myself deal with it." He said, "I had to go to a a dermatologist." And a dermatologist was explaining to him. He said, "Now, whenever you go take a, you know, take your shower, whatever." And he said, "Then after you get out of the shower," he said, "pour a tub of water." He said, "Now, don't put any salts in it. Don't put any type of soaps in it. Just pour a tub of tub of water. That's a little bit warmer than room temperature." Room temperature is kind of cool. if that's 75 degrees or something like that. It's a little cool to be in, but you know, just tepid water, he said, and sit in that water for about 20 minutes, he says, and then once you get out of that water, he said, your body will absorb from being in that water. Interesting. It will it will absorb into your skin. And then once you get out of that, he said, then apply some type of good oily type of lotion that will help hold that moisture in. And again, I'm sitting there in his office and I'm thinking, my goodness, so you're telling me that I need to be in good, clean, unadulterated water, and if I can dwell in that spot, not any additives into it, and I can just stay in that presence, then it will absorb into me. And then I apply the oil of the Holy Ghost on me and that seals that moisture in and I don't get all dry. I don't want to get all dried it out and get all cracked open and everything. I want to be pliable. I want to be able to be moved by the Holy Spirit. Jesus. Did you know that civilizations have fought battles? Yes. They fought wars over the availability of water. But go back to in in the book of Matthew, the the first scripture, we said, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness." Well, if you're going to say hunger and thirst after righteousness, then we we need to define righteousness. That's right. It's it's good to say you need to hunger and thirst after something, but if you don't define what that is and you just throw out a word to some, they may know what righteousness is, but maybe there's others here. Maybe there's some maybe this is just for some younger children that that may not know some of the things that you know. So, we could define righteousness by by our understanding and our standards is defined as the quality of being morally true and justifiable. And the justification is made according to the conformity of behavior with a regulation or a constitution um in the context of a nation. That's that's how that works. But in a spiritual meaning, see that was just the natural side of it. But the spiritual side of it, righteousness is the quality of being right in the eyes of God. Yes. Amen. That's what righteousness is. And that's how we become blessed. Yes. When we hunger and we thirst to be right in his eyes, that includes your character, right? Or your nature. Yes. Your conscience. Yes. Or your attitude. It it includes your conduct, right? Which is your actions. Bring it on down. And it includes the word, the commands of the word. Righteousness is based upon God's standard, right? It is not based upon man's standard. Righteousness is only in accordance with God's standard. And he's given us his standard. And he's given us a prophet in this day to come and reinforce that standard and explain it a little bit deeper to some of us. I I I needed things broken down a little bit more to me. Sometimes when I read in in the King James, I I get a little confused with it, but I could I could understand a hillbilly from Kentucky, as he would say it. I could I could understand the way he would break it down and it made it made it very clear to me. Oh, I my head's I don't use too many handwritten notes, but sometimes I do because something comes to you and you say, I got to write that down or I'll forget it. I I when I was re studying about dehydration, I came across there's there's many different signs of dehydration, but these intrigued me because it was said it was subtle signs and it was just four of them that I wrote down uh among the many um and and maybe you might this might apply to you spiritually. Rising irritation levels [Music] Rising irritation levels is a subtle sign of dehydration. Increased fatigue. Again, I'm I'm I'm I'm taking natural to type spiritual. That's right. Dizziness. You know, some people are unsteady. They're unsteady in their ways. Double-minded. I think James said that, right? A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways. And another one was they they have trouble paying attention. But I know that nobody's spiritually dehydrated here. So, um we don't y'all don't have to worry about rising irritation levels and troubles paying attention. So, um, we'll move along with, um, out of the book of Romans, um, in, uh, and if you'd allow me, out of the amplified, um, in the book of Romans, chapter 4, um, verses 3-6 says, "For what does the scriptures say?" Abraham believed in or trusted and relied on God, and it was credited to his account as righteousness or right living or right standing with God. Amen. Now, to a laborer, his wages are not credited as a favor or a gift. In other words, he's getting what he what he earned. He's getting what he worked for, but as an it's it's given as an obligation or something that's owed to him. But to the one who does not work, and we know that it's not by works. To the one who does not work, that is the one who does not try to earn his salvation by doing good, right? but believes and completely trusts in him who justifies the ungodly. His faith is credited to him as righteousness or as right standing with God. And in this same way, David speaks of the blessing on the one to whom God credits righteousness apart from works. Yes, sir. I'm so thankful that it's not by my works. It will never be by my works. It will never be by something that I did that was good. No. The only way that I have received righteousness and that I can be clothed in his righteousness is because of his mercy and his grace. And he extends that to me. And he extends that to you this evening. And blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after his righteousness, not after our good works. We need to be striving for his righteousness to live the way he wants us to live. Amen. It's vitally important. I've got something in my eye. Vitally important of what we're thirsting for. Yes, sir. And you will never quench. You'll never quench a holy thirst with unholy living. You won't. Ask me how I know. Yeah. cuz I tried. Been there, done that. I tried in in in in my teenage years. I tried to go all sorts of different ways. And later down in in life, I was talking to my mom and dad one day and some different things had went on and and and my dad told me and my mom did too. She's like, "You don't know how many nights that we stayed up and we prayed." Because I was living at home till I was about 21, you know, and I I I was I was my own person, you know, 18 years old. I'm I'm I'm going to do I' I'd been in the military and I thought that I knew everything there was to know, you know, and I I was I was running I was running from the true desire that God had placed in my heart and in my life. And what I was trying to do is I was trying to fill that with something else. See, there was a longing. Brother Brown would talk about a deep that calleth to the deep. And we that's in in the notes somewhere here. But he would he would refer to a deep call into the deep. So see there was there's something that was inside of me that was calling out to him and what I was doing I was blocking that and I was trying to fill it with all sorts of other hobbies. That's right. See I I I I I started playing pool, you know, and I got really good at playing pool until I realized that that was pulling me away from Christ. And he fi finally God showed me one day. He said, "You've you've got to put that down." I I had over $1,000 in in QST sticks because I I I played often. I would go at that time that time I was 19, 20 years old. I would come home from work and I would go to the pool hall and I played. And I finally I gave it away. whenever he he started dealing with my heart and he's he he was showing me that what you're trying to do you're you're trying to fill a void that I've put in you see he he places that desire inside of you but what we have to do is we got to make sure that we fill it with him and not fill it with the things of the world too many people want to go to a bottle they want to go to a pill that and you say oh I don't I don't smoke I don't drink I I don't do all these things, but what about your other hobbies? Are you Are you putting so much time? Are you putting equal time at least equal time? I mean I mean some some some people want to want to want to go and they want to go golfing all the time. If you want to go golfing, that's that's fine. I'm I'm not telling you you can't go golfing. But some people they have a whole lot of different activities that they want to devote their time to. And really, if you'd stop and think about it, all you are doing, you're trying to satisfy through a natural satisfy spiritual longing and a spiritual desire that God placed in you. And what he wants you to do is yield yourself completely to him and let him fill your heart. Let him fill your body. Let him take up your time. it. I I I I just heard brother brother Brown say the other day he was talking about you know a lot of times people say he's really hard on the women you know the women of this and you know the women he's he was talking I don't even know what message I was listen to now. Um if I think a minute I might come up with it but anyway he was he was talking about um you know the the the women they don't need he said unless you have to go work he said it's better for you to be at home. Yes. He said that that's where God God called you to your home and and to your children. But then he jumped in on the men. He said, "And you men that want to go in all the to these lodges instead of going home to your family, you want you've got all these other things that you're wanting to do in the evening. You're leaving your wife at home with the kids. Yeah. He said, "That's not the way it's supposed to be." That's right. That's it. That ain't in my notes. Anyhow, but he was he hit them. He said, "You don't you shouldn't be doing that, right? You should be at home with your family." You got We have obligations. We've I have to go to work, but whenever I get off of work, guess where I want to be? I want to be at home. I want to be at home with my family. I don't want to take every evening of my week and and and book it up with something else. go out with the guys to do this and go out and and obligate myself here to do that and I I got this hobby that I want to go do and that thing I want to go. No, I want to go home to be where I'm supposed to be. If God has called my wife to be at home with my children to raise my family, then he has called me as well to be in my place. Because if the man is not in his place, guess what? The family is out of place. Amen. That was nowhere in in my notes. That came from him. You you you do with it what you want. I suggest you take it. Amen. Yes. In the message of the sixth seal 1963, brother brother Brown said, "What makes a man do wrong?" What makes him You got to What makes him drink and carry on or a woman do wrong is because she's there there's something in her thirsting. There's something in him thirsting. And they're they're trying to quench that holy thirst with the things of the world. When God ought to be that quench, he should be that one that quenches. He made you that way to thirst. That's the reason you thirst for something. God made you that way so you would turn that holy thirst to him. See, but when you try to quench that thirst, and he says, "How dare anybody to do that?" You have no right to do that. to try to quench that holy thirst that you thirst for something and then you turn it to the world, try to satisfy it with the world. You can't do it. He said there's only one thing that will fill that up and that's God and he made you that way. That's good. Well, that was all of that one. Sorry, I thought I had had more of that one. But he's the one who made you that way. He placed a desire inside of you and that that desire is for him. He He wants to pour his love out on you. Amen. He wants to have constant communion with you. That's right. But if you don't give him the time a day, if you filled up your day with everything else and you don't have you you don't have any time in your schedule to sit down, right, read his word and listen to him. Yes, sir. Why Why have we gotten away from from reading our Bible every day? Brother Brham said, "If you want to get closer to God, there was two things. Read your Bible and pray. Do it every day. Read your Bible and pray." And you will draw closer to him. Because when you're in his presence, the demons can't stay in that presence. You can't have light and darkness at the same place. the truth. But see, we we come home and we just we open our home to all other types of things. Oh yeah. And we don't sit down and go back to the family altar. That's right. We don't take time to read our Bible together. That's true. Anyway, we have so many other obligations that we've got to make sure that we do this and we've got to go here and we've got this to do and that to do and all these other things to do. And all those things are doing is taking your time away from him and is not getting you any closer to Christ at all. Facebook don't get you closer to God. That's right. Instagram don't get you closer to God. YouTube don't get you closer to God. I'm sorry. Reading our Bible is what draws us closer to him. That's right. That's what he said. Spending time in the word. 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse 21. This is pretty stout. It is. Ye cannot you cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of devils. You cannot be partakers of the Lord's table and of the table of devils. You You can't You can't sit at his table and then go sit down with the table of the world. You can't drink from both cups. It don't work that way. You're You're either living for him. That's it. Or you're not. That's plain and simple. Either either your life is dedicated to him and you're living for him or you've turned from him and you've yielded yourself over to the things of the world and to the things that Satan would have you do and you've allowed it. People want to blame Satan. Satan made me do this. Satan made me do that. Don't give him that credit. No, you allowed it. You opened the door. That's right. You opened up the video. This little thing right here can be used for good. But guess what? It's connected to a whole lot of evil if you're not careful. A lot of evil that's that's right there in the palm of your hand. And if you don't have the Holy Spirit, a lot of it. That's exactly right. Yes, sir. to control you. You will get drawn in and it you you'll go down like like the guys that work there was like I was I was on a YouTube rabbit hole, you know, watching watching this and and then it went from this to that and you're and and you your your mind starts justifying. Well, that wasn't that bad. Oh, they only used one word that was kind of crass. And so that one word leads to two words and then all of a sudden you you you become you you you become callous to it. That is true. And and then then you're just sitting there and and and any little thing that comes on and and it doesn't even affect you anymore. And and people will say, "Well, I didn't even hear them say that." I'm like, "I did." Your spirit, your soul did. Yes, it it does. And it hurts. Even my guys at work, they they know my stand and I know that they I and I don't ask them to to live to my standard, but they know how I believe and they know my stand. And whenever they're around me, they don't use that type of language. Every so often they'll slip, but almost almost without in in just a moment if they they slip up, they'll I'm sorry. I didn't I didn't mean to to to say that in front of you because they know that's that's not who I am. I don't use that kind of language and I don't like to be around that kind of language. That's not the life that I live. And so whenever whenever those words are are spoken, it's a it it jabs. It I mean it cuts me, you know, especially when when somebody takes the Lord's name in vain. And I'm I'm like it just it hurts me so bad. We've actually asked my my mom told a customer one time. They were they were in our office and at at our front desk and they were talking with somebody else and they were they were just using all types of language. And she got out of her office and walked up there and she said, "I'm sorry. I'm going to ask you to to refrain from from talking that way." She said, "That's not how we we don't talk talk with that language." That's right. And they apologized and they wrapped up their business and left. That's it. We don't have we don't we don't have to live in that environment. That's right. I I don't want to subject myself to the salt water of this world and become dehydrated and all cracked up and everything and not allow the Holy Ghost to be able to flow through me. I I want to stay in his presence. I I don't want to I don't want to be tempted by the by the little things of the world that tries to creep in. Tries to creep in. I I was I was sharing an analogy the other day and I I I was sharing it uh this this afternoon um with brother Steve and sister Stacy. Um people people want to say that they want to come to you and they they'll say, "Well, well, why is it that these people do such and such and they live a life this way, but yet they still claim that they're Holy Ghost filled and they claim that they're Christians. They claim that they're going to be in heaven. And I say, "I don't know. I don't know. I I can't answer for them." But see, the thing is is I'm not asked to try to match my life and my experience with the way they live their life. I'm called to match my life with his life. That's the only place I'm supposed to make my comparison. I don't care if everybody was at at the church that I go to. If everybody came in and they were living like the world, that does not mean that I can say, "Oh, they're living like the world. I should live like the world." No, I'm not comparing myself to them. I'm comparing myself to the word, not to things of the world. And I I gave this I gave this analogy and I I said, you know, I said if you if if let's say that on the this side of this line, I'm safe. Uhhuh. But just on the other side of this line right here, there's a whole lot of rattlesnakes. We hear you. Come on. Am I going to stay right here? Or am I going to move as far away from that as I can? I don't like snakes. I'm going to go as I'm going to go to that wall or I'm going to go down the steps and go out the building because I don't want to be next to the snakes. But see, so many people are okay living as close as they can to those snakes. And see, the the thing is is if you say, "Well, it's all right if I if I just do this little thing." And so I'm like, okay, in my mind I'm thinking of it's it's all right to to get bitten by one snake. You're you're okay with getting bitten by one snake. Well, how many snakes are you okay getting bitten by? Well, see the problem with getting snake bit, when a snake bites you and it and puts its fangs in you, it injects venom. That's right. And see with what the venom does is it weakens your body. Yes, sir. And once your body becomes weak, you don't have as much strength to pull away. So now I've allowed myself to be bitten. That's right. I've allowed myself to be bitten by just trimming my hair a little bit. So, so that snake bit me and I was okay with that because I saw somebody else do it. And they still claim to be a Christian. I'm sorry. You you can you can correct me. Um, so so they get a little weak and then that second snake bites them. That's right. And it injects its venom. That's it. and it causes them to be a little bit more weak. And then the third snake bites and they become even weaker. And if they're not careful, they'll get to a place that they have zero strength to pull away and get themselves away from that environment anymore. And they have allowed themsel because of the proximity that they got to it. And they were okay. They wanted to live as close as they could to the world. No. Why would Why would you want to live as close as you can to venomous snakes, things that's going to take and drain your life from you? Cuz it's not getting you any closer to Christ. All it's doing is taking you further and further from him. So what we ought to do is get oursel as far away from it as we can and live as close as we can to the things that's in the scripture and what the word says the way the word teaches us to live and stop trying to compare ourselves to the things of the world. We should never compare ourselves to the things of the world ever. Where was I at? I'm trying to stay hydrated. It was good water, too. The book of Psalms, chapter 42. Chapter 42. This is during a time that that David had been pushed out. He was running. Abselum had was trying to overtake and proclaimed himself as king and he David had been pushed out of Jerusalem. And and I I I love this. I I love this scripture here in in in verse one. It says, "As the heart pantth after the waterbrook, so pantth my soul after thee, oh God." Yeah. You know, we we sing the little the little song, as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. And it's so peaceful. And it's just a very sing song, peaceful [Music] song. You ever seen a deer that has been injured and it's seeking water? Oh, come on. It's not peaceful. It's not peaceful. And so what I picture in my mind as David is riding this that he has witnessed and he is equating himself as that deer that's been injured and he's like, "God, where are you? I need you. I've got to have water. It wasn't a peaceful. We We sing it in a peaceful sing song and little, you know, just a nice little melody. But he he was pant Oh, I've got that written down. Pant, the Hebrew verb arg conveys a deep intense longing. Oh, y'all got it up there. Or yearning. Often used in the context of a soul's desire for God, it suggests a strong emotional and spiritual thirst akin to the physical need for water. This term is used to express a profound desire for communion with the divine, reflecting a heart that seeks after God with earnestness and fervor. That's what the word panteth means. It wasn't just peaceful. Oh, it's a little deer that's just running around, running around. No, that deer was trying to save its life. Amen. It was struggling to live cuz it had gotten injured. And it's like it it knows if I can just get to the water cuz there's life. There's life when I get to that water. And it wasn't just it wasn't just prancing alone. No, it was running as hard as it could go to try to get to the source. That's right. But so many people nowadays, they want to do it like the little prancing around of the little deer. And if I find water, then I find water. I don't really think I need it, but maybe, you know, if if I come across a stream, I'll take a sip from it. You You don't have a longing yet, right? You don't have that longing, that true desire, and that understanding that if I don't, if I fail to get to the water, I die. If I don't make it to the water, I'm going to die. And if we don't make it to his water, we're going to die. That That's all there is to it. We're We're going to dry up completely. Yes. Oh, I got to go back. Verse two. My soul thirsteth for God. For the living God. He wasn't looking for a dead God. He wasn't looking for a God of yesterday. He's looking for a God who knows that is living today. The same God. The same God that lived in his day is the same God that lives today. And it's the same God that lives in you. See, the thing is, he wants to indwell within you. And the only way he can indwell within you is he has to change you, right? He has to take that old stony spirit out of you and replace it with his spirit. So then he can come in and indwell within you and can live and flow through you. But if you're all dried up, He's not going to be able to move through you. You know, whenever when people become dehydrated, some of the the first and I don't I don't have it written down, but I I know I've read it. Some of the the first things that that happens to them is their their kidneys shut down when you become dehydrated. Like, well, what does that have to do with anything? Well, you know what kidneys do? It's a filter. It filters out impurities. And see the thing is is whenever you become you start becoming spiritually dehydrated, your filter is not working proper. Right? It stops working and then you just allow everything to come in and it's not filtering the impurities, the things that are not like God because you haven't stayed in that presence in the water of the word. You haven't you haven't dwelt long enough in his presence. You've gotten dehydrated and your kidneys are shutting down your brother and you're not able to filter out the impurities anymore. Verse three, my tears have been my meat day and night while they continually say unto me, where is thy God? And he says, when I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me for I had gone with the multitude. He He's thinking back. He He's thinking back whenever he had went with the multitude. Sometimes people they get out of church but then they'll have memories. They man I I remember going I remember going to church and I remember how the Lord blessed and I remembered feeling his presence. But see they've gotten out of that presence now. They've allowed things to drive them out of his presence. But there's there's memory still there. Yeah. He said, "I I went with them to the house of God with a voice of joy and praise with a with a multitude that kept holy day. Why art thou cast down on my soul? And why art there out thou art thou disquited in me? Hope thou in God?" And I love this. For I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. By his help I'm not going to stop my praise. I will continue to praise him. He said, "Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, from the Hermonites, and from the hill of Mysar. Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy water spouts. All thy waves and thy billows are gone over me. Yet the Lord will command his loving kindness in the daytime and in the night so night his song shall be with me and my prayer unto the God of my life. I will say unto God, my rock, why hast thou forgotten me? Why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy? As with a sword in my bones, mine enemies reproach me while they say daily unto me, where is your God? People do that to you. They see that you're in a in in a maybe in a downtrodden state and they're like, "Where's this God you talk about? Where's this God you talk about? Why aren't thou cast down on my soul? Why art thou disquited within me? Hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise him who is the health of my countenance and my God." Brother Brandon would say in the message thirsting for life 1957 I offered wonder what David wrote that about until I learned about deers and back in that country in the other countries they have wolves and wild dogs they attack the deer because it's easy to pray for them that's a very good type of the devil you take a beautiful woman or handsome young man it's the very prey for the sins of this world just to pray a little innocent boy of 16 or 17 or a little girl just to pray to the devil to feast on Those wild dogs lay an in ambush. He said, "I've seen it in Africa. I've seen it in other countries. They they jump on these little deer. The first thing they do is try to break strings behind their legs. They can't run." He said, "We call it a a hunter's voice hamstring." He said, "He can't he can't grab them there. He grabs them by the throat, jerks the jugular vein loose, bleeds to death in just a moment. Then there's a flank in the deer. He'll run and jerk his teeth into that. if he's a big heavy dog and a small deer, he can throw that deer on the ground from the flank. He's got him in mid-center. Brother Brandham goes through through I'm not going to read read all of that. Um he's just talking about how the the dog does that. He's relating of how how that's how Satan does to us. He'll if he can't grab you here, he'll grab you another place. That is the truth. And maybe you're able to shake him off a little bit there, but if you're not strong enough to resist him because you haven't stayed in the presence of the Lord, and you've allowed those little snakes to come in and get a bite here and a bite there, and you've gotten weakened, your immune system is down, your kidneys aren't functioning, and you're able you're not able to push out the impurities, then he will overtake you. He said, "I've trailed him many times when they cross the creek and drink, run down the creek a little piece, run up on the hill, cross back and get some more water. He'll just keep running as long as he can get water. But if he doesn't get water, he will perish." That's what David said, "My soul's thirsting after you like the heart. I must have you, God, or perish." Have you ever gotten to that that place in your life? I have. You ever been to that spot and you you just say you you get to a place you God I have to have you. I need you, Lord. I've got to have you or I I realize I'm going to perish. I need your presence. I need you to pour your love out on me. Yes. He said, "And tonight this timber world has been bitten by the mad dogs of hell with all of this modern jazz music and dirty television programs, cracking jokes and so forth like that. You're mad dog bit. You're trying to quench that thirst with stagnated waters of the devil." He said, "May your heart become so thirsty that you must find Christ or die." Amen. He says, "The deer, as he thirsts for the waterbrook, so my soul thirst after thee, oh God, just take a drink from there. You'll never have to hear another sermon on morals or how to dress or how to act or how to conduct yourself." In the message life 1958, brother Brown says, "But when that little deer could get away, what happens when he go to bleeding? He he he goes to thirsting. He's got to find water." So what David said is the heart thirsts for the waterbrook. He's wounded. His life's bleeding out of him. Heart thirst for the waterbrook. My soul thirst after thee, oh God. That little deer can't find water, he's going to die. But if he can find water, he will survive it. He says, "Oh God, I would that every soul in here tonight would see the wounds of Satan." Now take inventory of yourself, each one see where he's wounded you. You say, "But brother Brandham, I I haven't gone all the way." Wounded. You're wounded. That's it. And that's what I'm saying. So many people have gotten they've gotten to a place that they're they're okay with yielding a little bit to the world. I'll I'll dress a little bit more like the world. I'll act a little bit more like the world. I'll go to the places that the world goes. still truth. You your body, your spiritual man is absorbing those things that you subject yourself to. And it's causing you to become dehydrated. It's causing you to become to a place that you can no longer enjoy the Holy Spirit flowing through you. That's his desire. He wants to live his life through you. He says, "Child, you're wounded. Does your soul thirst for God? Oh, God, I must find you or die. I can't go on without you, God. I I can't eat no more. I I won't sleep no more. I've got to have you, Lord, or perish." When the church gets to that condition, God will come back to his church. God will be to the church. Oh, as the heart thirst for the waterbrook, my soul thirst after thee, oh God. When we can get to that place, he will come to you. When we can set aside all of the natural desires, the natural affections for the things of this world, we can push all those things out and we can look to him completely and wholly, he will come to you. He is the only one that can satisfy a thirsty soul. Think the Episcopal sisters used to sing a song only Jesus can satisfy your soul. There ain't nothing in this world that can ever satisfy the soul because it was created for him. That's right. That's right. It was created for him. And whenever you try to go and inject other things and you try to put other things into that deep calling that he's placed in your life and you try to fill it up with the things of the world, all you're trying to do is block him. And that's and you are accomplishing that. You're you're blocking him from coming and taking his place inside of you. That's where he wants to be. You're created for that purpose. I was created to be a vessel for him to dwell in. I don't want my temple. This is the temple. I don't want to to damage my temple and and paint up my temple and put all this other stuff on my temple that that's not going to be pleasing to him cuz he's not going to come in and indwell in a place in a temple that is not designed. That's right. and not dressed according to his standard. That's right. The standard of righteousness. I want to be blessed. I want to hunger and I want to thirst after righteousness. I want to live my life the way he wants me to live. In the book of John chapter 4, it's the the story of Jesus talking with the woman at the well. It said Jesus 13 and 14 it says Jesus answered and said unto her whosoever drinkketh of this water it's talking about Jacob's well shall thirst again but whosoever drinkketh of the water I shall give shall I give him shall never thirst but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well a well of water springing up into everlasting life. See, you you got to go back into the time that they lived in and think of a a well, it it wasn't they didn't have just water everywhere. The the the area that they live in was dry. Yes, sir. That's what David would talk about a as a thirst in a dry and a barren land where no water is. David said that, I believe. Um and and and so there they were accustomed to knowing that it was dry. It the the area that they lived in was dry and for for there to be a a well that was dug and they found water. That's why all the people went to that well to draw water cuz they didn't have it just down, you know, we we have water in the convenience of a a little bottle. You go back there and you turn a a faucet on. You know, I I I heard a story of of um I think it was Chuck Coulson that that told a story of he had brought some people over um from the Middle East years ago and and they they were in the United States and they had not been into a into a a a bathroom like how we'd have a bathroom. You have a um a faucet that you could just turn a faucet on and and the water would come out. And so they they were just amazed. And so he he went and he saw them that at the at the room and he they were in there trying to remove the faucet cuz they thought that it magically produced. They didn't have that where they were from. And so they were thinking if they could take that faucet with them, they had a source, think about it, of water, they would have they would definitely be they'd be drenched, but that was their mentality. They had never seen it. But even in that natural funny thing, they did not want to be separated from that water source. Right. They were like, "Where there? There's water here." Yes, sir. And I'm going back to a dry place. I want to take water with me. So, they were willing to try to remove the faucet cuz they thought it produced water. So many people today have water available to them. I'm talking spiritually now. and they just brush it off. There's good clean water and then they they'll go and and they're they're they allow themselves to go sit in an area that has stagnated water. Exactly right. I I don't want to to drink from stagnant water. I I don't want to drink from whenever I was in the military, we had a they they they would bring out water um and and for the for all the companies when we were out in the in the field was doing um whatever you want to call it maneuvers. Um but they would bring these they called them blivbits. It was just a big plastic thing or rubberized thing and it was full of water and it would sit out there and get hot and then we would we have to go and fill our cantens up with that hot water out of that rubber bivet and they wanted you to drink that and satisfy your thirst. It didn't satisfy my thirst. It tasted like plastic and I hated having to drink it. That's all the water they gave us, you know, so I had to drink it or I was going to be quite thirsty. But there are people today that will allow themselves to sit in a church that is completely stagnated and that is filled with wiggle tails, all the things that that that would come with stagnated water. You know, they say the I heard a phrase one time that said said that, you know, person got the Holy Ghost 30 years ago and they were sealed with the Holy Ghost, not a drafts run in and not a drafts run out. I'm sorry. It's become stagnated. It's become stagnated. It's got to be ever flowing. That Holy Spirit, you get one filling and many refillings. Yes, sir. It's not a oneand done. You've got to stay in his presence. You got to allow his life to continue continue to refill you over and over and over again. The empty soul, the empty soul has a thirst. The unbeliever does not seek after God. They don't have a thirst for God. And without God, they'll continue to seek after the things to satisfy and fill the emptiness that's within them. That's from an empty soul. Now, there's some that have a dry soul. A dry soul. Sometimes you you find yourself in a dry spot within your walk with God. Many times we find ourselves drinking too much of what the world has to offer. We've grown tired, fatigued mentally, physically due to the cares, the concerns of the world. And our focus has turned to withinstead of turning to God. The dry soul has tasted the goodness and desires that satisfaction again. The dry soul is like drinking salt water instead of fresh water. It gives a temporary satisfaction, but it's short-lived and you realize that you have to have more and more each time, but all it does is makes you more thirsty. But what you really need is the living water of God. That's the only thing that's going to satisfy the thirst that's been placed in our soul. In in in the message, thy loving kindness 1958, brother Ram says, "Now, what makes the fellow then thirst?" There's some reason for that. What makes people want to drink? What makes women want to be untrue, men untrue? What makes them desire to join churches that indulge in such as card playing, cigarette smoking, and all those kind of things like that? It's because God made a man to thirst and God made you up to thirst. That's why you do thirst. But he made you to thirst after him. That thirst was made in you to thirst after him. But the devil has perverted it and trying to make you be satisfied with trying to quench that blessed holy thing with sin. You have no right to quen to try to quench that blessed holy thirst with drinking and waiting in sin. He says, you remember that God made you to thirst after him in righteousness and the devil turns it around. So there's many thing he tries to quench it with. That's the reason you people don't go to church on Wednesday night no more. Y'all have it Tuesday night. Yeah. You'd rather I know y'all have church on Tuesday night, not Wednesday night. I wasn't trying to apply that. You'd rather stay home and look at some old dirty television of We Love Susy. He said, "Then you say you love God." No wonder. No wonder we can't have revival in America. And you got on your record machines them old dirty songs of Elvis Presley and all that other bunch of Tennessee trash over there. All shook up. You're going to be someday all shook up. Arthur Godfrey. Most people don't know who Arthur Godfrey is and all that Tommy Rot. See, the thing is the things that he was dealing with back then, in my opinion, pale pale in comparison to things that are out here now. The things that we subject ourselves to. That is the truth. The things that we so easily just turn it on the radio and you're like, "Oh, I just I'll just listen to that." And and there's no harm in in listening to to this country song or that country song. There's no harm in listening to this. Well, it's it's pop Christian or it's Christian rock. I don't I don't understand Christian rock. I don't I don't understand it. It's either it's Christian or it ain't Christian. It's either gospel. I heard heard one one uh one person, it was I think it was um Donnie McCluren years ago, he made a comment. He said, "Many people many people talk about gospel music." He said, "But they're they're not singing gospel music." He said, "They're singing inspirational music." He said, "Gosel deals with the birth, the life, the death, and the resurrection of Christ." He said, "That's what gospel music is about." Now, Donna McCuren is Yes. um he he needed to have heeded his own um advice, but I'll leave that there. What he said was still still true. It's still true. Then you come to the satisfied soul. The satisfied soul still has a thirst. It wants more. It wants more and it wants more of God. It wants more of the spiritual outpouring like the artisan well that keeps bubbling. the the satisfaction that Christ stimulates a greater desire to know him more, to know of his love, more of his grace, more of his mercy, more of his word. That's what a satisfied soul wants. It doesn't want it if it it knows I've been satisfied with the things of God, and I want more of it. I'm not going to turn to the left. I'm not going to turn to the right. I'm gonna stay with the true unadulterated pure word of God and I'm going to drink from his fountain. I'm going to try to I'm going to try to bring this to a to a a close if I can. I'd like to to um I'm trying my best to in in in the book of John chapter 7. Book of John chapter 7. Now, I I was I I was reading through this a little while back and um in verse 37 through 39, it says, "In the last day, that great day of the feast." And so, I had to stop and I had to study. Oh, what feast were they talking about? And sometimes we just breeze over things that that that is it said and you're like, "Oh, it was it was the last day. It was a great day." Well, what was going on? Wh why why is it so important that that this portion of scripture was mentioned for us and it was brought out for us to read it. So I started looking up and if if and if I if my memory serves me and I I I'd called um I called brother Steve to ask him a question um about this. It was Sukkot if if if they were it was in a time they were that was the the the festival that was going through Sukkot and and so during that they they have a um they call it the water libation um one of the places I and I don't know if I pronounced it right hasho hashueva um was how how I read it and how I listened to it being pronounced simkat baked hasheva um dealing the water libation. And what they were doing, they were the the priest would come and and they would they would bring water and it they they made a big ceremony of it, right? It it was it was very formal and and during during Sukot, it was it's SKOT is is a very joyous time. It it's it's it's a big party. It's it's noisy and all this. But when they came to the part of the water libation, they were silent. And the priest would come come through with the water. And what they were going to do, they're going to pour out an offering of water. And they they're they're remembering the time that God provided water when they came out of Egypt. And they're they're remembering how he came and from a rock, he gave them water and kept them alive. And so it's it was a very very sacred thing that they would do with with this and and every it would become quiet and they would walk around. I think it was seven times that they would that they would go and and they would bring and then they would go to pour this pour this water out. So that was this that's the setting. Okay. Everybody's quiet. And the Bible says Jesus stood and cried if any man thirst. Hey, if if you're thirsty, you can come come talk to me. I've I've got water. No. See, that's what made it significant because they're here doing water libation. They're they're giving an offering of water and they're talking about how God provided water for them from a rock. Yes. And the rock was standing there in their presence. That's right, brother. His life was going to be broken apart. And water and blood was going to pour out. That's exactly right. And he got their attention by standing up when he wasn't supposed to. He had a habit of doing things like that. And he stood up and said, "Hey, if any man's thirsty, sir, I'm here. What are you looking for? I'm here. All you have need of is right here. I'm the rock that was in the weary land. I'm the rock that was in the wilderness that poured myself out to you, that gave life to you. And if you're thirsty tonight, come to me. and to stop the people. Yes, sir. Right. What What's he doing? Don't Don't he understand that this this is supposed to be a quiet time? They're pouring out water. This is water libation. We're we're we're doing this offering. And he's like, I am the offering. Everything that you're trying to do, and you think that you're trying to fulfill all these things of the law, all of that points to me. Open your eyes. is if you want a drink, That's right. If you want a drink of the Holy Ghost, come to me. If you need life, come to me. If you're thirsty, come to me. He was offering eternal life to them. Preach. And he's offering the same to you tonight. If you're dry, Amen. If you're thirsty, Amen. He stands up before you tonight. He says, "Come to me. I'll pour my praise on you. I'll pour my love on you. I will lavish you with my praise. I'll lavish." See, he he loves you. Everything he did was for you. He was born. He lived. He died. That's right. He was resurrected and every bit of that was for you and for me because he loves you that much. He did it all for you. And he stood in front of those people. Hallelujah. When it's supposed to be a quiet time, he says, "I'm right here." My Bible says he cried out. He wasn't ashamed to say who he was. And he wanted them to know all that you're trying to do, all this beautiful thing that you're trying to do, all of that is right here. It's me. He said, "He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shallow, out of your belly shall flow rivers." Rivers, not a stagnant pond, but rivers of living water. David was looking for a living God. His desire was to know a living God. And that living God is present. The same God that spoke to the woman at the well. You're right. Is the same God that's living in me. He's the same God that's living in you. We ought to act like that. That's right. It's not a different God. No, sir. The very same one that parted the Red Sea. Yes, sir. Is the same one that dwells in you and me. Glory. Verse 39. He spake, but this spake he of the spirit, which they that believe on him should receive, for the Holy Ghost was not yet given, because that Jesus was not yet glorified. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. There ain't nothing in this world that's going to ever satisfy your soul. with the musicians come this evening. If you want to keep from being spiritually dehydrated, you must satisfy the holy thirst with the things of God. The things from his word and not from this world. That's true. Can I give you one more scripture? Go ahead, brother. Revelations chapter 22 and verse 17. You can probably quote it by heart. They would even have to put it up. And the spirit and the bride. They say come. And let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. come. He stood before the people and called out to them, "If you're thirsty, I'm here to fill you. You don't have to stay thirsty. You don't have to stay dry. You don't have to stay dehydrated. I've got pure, clean, unadulterated water." It would give you life everlasting. It gives you eternal life. Let him that is a thirst come and whosoever will let him take of the water of life freely take it. Receive it. He's there to pour it out on you, but you have to take it. You have to accept it. You got to receive it into you and ingest it. You have to. Would you stand with me this evening? Can we sing that little chorus again? Pour your spirit out on me. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Oh. Oh. Just like the rain saturate my thirst. My thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Do the verse. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find your touch, Lord. [Music] Find my tri broken places. thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I wonder far away from [Music] you. You are all I ever need. needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like rain. Oh, saturate my thirst. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup [Music] again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. I need you now. He calls out to you tonight. If you need a refilling, if you need a refreshing, you want his spirit to fall fresh on you, he's calling to you tonight. Yes, he's calling to you. He says you don't have to stay in the things of the world. You can be made a new again. You can be made fresh again. All it takes is just yielding yourself to him. Open your arms, open your heart to him and let him come in. Let his fresh anointing dwell within you this evening. That's what he wants. That's what his desire is tonight. He doesn't want to see you dry. That's good, brother. He wants to see you pliable in his hands. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup [Music] again. Fill Lord and make me whole. I need you. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Is that your desire tonight? Oh, pour your spirit. Pour it out on me, Lord. Oh, why don't you fall just like the rain, Lord? Saturate my thirsty soul. come and fall on me. Oh hallelujah. [Music] I need I need you now. [Music] Pour it out, Lord. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Lord, heal my heart again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me and fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty. So come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Oh. Oh. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me and fall like, "Come now, Jesus. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, heal my heart again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit out. Oh Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places. Find my dry and broken places. Thirsty for your love. Oh Lord, forgive me if I've [Music] wondered far away from you. you. Oh, cuz you are all I ever needed. Ever needed. Come and make me new. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Oh, fall just like the rain. Saturate. saturate my thirsty. So come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again, Lord. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you. I need you now. Come and speak out. I need you now, Lord. Here we are tonight. We've heard this message. Maybe it's simple for some, but it's profound because it's biblical truth. And every one of us, it doesn't matter what our position is, we have found ourselves dry. The beauty in what you have provided, Lord, is as you said to the woman at the well, you take my water, you'll never thirst again. And the reason for that is because now the well is within us. And wherever we go through dry and parched places, through desert lands, through troubles and trials, you live in us. You are the well. You are the source of living water. And we don't have to go somewhere to find you. you go with us. So, we're standing in this house tonight. We have no desire to be religious before you. We just want to come sincerely and say, "We need more." Would you just stretch your hands to the Lord? I don't care what you feel about your walk. Would you just stretch your hands to the Lord right now and tell him, "I need some more. I need some more of that water, Lord. I need more of that mayim haim, that living water, the living water that only you supply. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for that river. Thank you for the well that's within us. Out of men's bellies shall flow rivers of living water. Maybe somebody needs to tell him right now, "Lord, I've been drinking some other stuff. I've been drinking some other stuff, although it doesn't possibly compare. I've been distracted by some other flavors. And I'm committing tonight that all I want is your water. your water, your source, your supply. And I need your strength, Lord, to put down the distractions. Come on, somebody get in that prayer. I need your strength to put down the distractions and drink of you. Lord, forgive me. This is not a time for bride pride. Lord, forgive me because I have found satisfaction at times in other things. Oh [Music] Jesus, we long for you tonight. We long for the mayim, the living water. [Music] We don't have to rush. Doesn't have to be loud. Just tell him you love him. Oh Jesus, the lover of my soul. You're the glory and the lifter of my head. [Music] You're the beautiful rose of Sharon. You're the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star, the everlasting father. You are holy in all of your ways. You're faithful in all of your ways. You have given us the divine exchange. You have taken from us our filthiness, our unbelief, our rottness, and you have dressed us and clothed us in your righteousness. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. What an exchange. [Music] [Music] You walked this earth as a man that you might become the kind of high priest we needed. One who is touched with the feeling of our infirmities. One who knows the struggle. One who was tempted in all manner even as we are yet without sin. And we need your strength tonight to go on, to go on, to run on. It's a climbing. It's it's not flat. Who will ascend the holy hill of the Lord? Purify our hearts and let us wash our hands in your word so that we might ascend. The priests that brother Dwayne was preaching about tonight, they go way down to the bottom of Zion to the pool of Salomim, way down below. And they fill up those vessels with water. And then they have to climb the holy hill of God. And I've climbed it from the pool of Salom. My family has made that trek. And it's a climb all the way up through the city of David, across Zion, over the OEL, right up to the Temple Mount. You did that for a reason, to show us that it's the ascended life. It's the It's the going up. It's the going up. Lord, tonight we want to go higher with you. Oh, the enemy desires to clip our wings, but we desire to go Oh, hallelujah. We desire, Lord, to soar. Do you have a revelation tonight that you were not chosen? You were not elected of God to peck around in some barnyard. Do you have a revelation that you were given wings to soar high above it all? How many of you are fellowshipping the fourth living creature? That's what we're to be fellowshipping in this hour. The fourth living creature comes. It's the anointing, the spirit of a flying eagle. Not an earthbound bird, but one who gets up above the stuff. Lord, help us to get up above the polluted water that he was preaching to us about tonight. And may we become so sickened by the stench and the smell of the of that uh contamination of this old world that we just cry out for pure water. [Music] Oh, I like this atmosphere just [Music] yet. Have you got something We we'll we'll go in a some sometime. Let's worship. Let's worship another moment. Let your hearts be soft before him. Mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed. Oh God, we believe. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. [Music] Bodies are still being raised. And giants are still being slayed. Oh God, we believe it. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what we do. Set our hearts on you and come and do what you do. cuz we need to [Music] move. And mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed cuz God we believe it. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And I know bodies are still being raised. Oh, giants are still being slayed. Cause God, we believe it. Yes, we can see that wonders are still what you do. And we are here for you. So come and do what you do. And we are here for you. So come and do what you do. Set our hearts on you. So come and do what you do. Oh, we need a move. Oh, we need to move and we are here for you. So come and do what you do. We are here for you, oh God. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. So come and do what you do. Cuz we need to move. Oh, we need to move. We need to move. And why should I worry when giants come calling my name? So more stand. Oh my God is so much bigger. The troubles I face. [Music] So why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? [Music] Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shaking and I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful and all his promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's your time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My favorite verse. Well, my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. My God is stronger. Oh, my God is stronger. for the victory. It's already won. Well, he died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third [Music] day. Cause my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave. And I won't be shaking. Oh, and I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful. Lord, all your promises are true. So I'll speak to my mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger. He's better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] Well, my enemies scatter cuz they know that the battle is done. [Music] Oh, and my God is stronger. for the victory. It's already won. Yeah. He died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third [Music] day. Cause my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave, I won't be shen. and I won't be moved. Oh, cuz my God is faithful. Lord, all your promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time for you. You've got to move. You've been in my way long enough. Tell me. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] Woo! There's no mountain too high. No valley or a valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. And I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Cuz my God is faithful. Lord, all your promises are true. I'll speak to my mountain. Get out of my way. Take your time to move. Get out of my way. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. So I speak to the mountain. It's time. It's your time to move. Somebody ought to tell the mountain tonight. Get out of my way. My God. I'm not going to be passive anymore. I'm not going to be passive anymore. I'm going to take his authority over you. Do it again. So I speak. Speak to the mountain. I don't know what your mountain is, but you your time to move. I'm not going to be passive anymore. Cuz my God is bigger. He's better, stronger, greater than you. So I speak to the mountain. You get out of my t in the name of Jesus. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, stronger, greater. Why don't you look at your neighbor and sing that? Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater, greater. Come on, you stick in the mud. Do it. Cuz my God is bigger, better. You're about to aggravate me. I said, you look at your neighbor and tell them, "My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. than you, than any enemy, than any giant, than any mountain. Speak to it. [Music] So I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. I'm tired of going around your mountain. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than [Music] you. Because my God is bigger, better. [Music] Does anybody believe that? It only works for you if you believe it. Your faith activates the promise in your life. You can't activate it in somebody else's life. That's right. But your faith will activate the promise of God in your life. [Music] Do you always have to be so loud? Folks, this is calm. I'm particularly calm [Music] tonight. What I understand is this is the most quiet world you'll ever live in. So if noise is your distraction, I'm telling you, you don't get on my cloud. You you you you're in trouble if you go either way. Yes, sir. Cuz eternity is about worship. I don't have to defend. I'm not even trying. But I looked at my young and uh I know his ways are strange. He he can't be still. I don't know where he got it. And I know that it would if there are folks who would would want to bind the worship leader, you know, to the desk. But but remember some people think it's song leading because that's what they called it in the 50s and 60s song leading. I'm not interested in song leading. I can get that from the radio. I'm interested in somebody who is interested in worshiping the Lord and leading me. Yes. And I've been led tonight. When the Lord um oh so many years ago when the Lord spoke to my wife and I about our first born, he said, "Call him Beyamin, Benjamin Judah, Yehuda. Benjamin, son of my right hand and Judah. This time I will praise the Lord." It marked him. He was marked for praise. Some of you have been marked for praise. Yes, sir. And from the time that he could raise his hands, he did. And he he beat the back of the seat till we'd want to scream. If you played any kind of worship music, it was sort of bred in him. And I'm telling you, we ought to be raising a generation, not to perform, but we ought to be raising our children and grandchildren, I don't usually brag on mine too much, but I am now. Just a minute. Elelliana's 10 months old. And we sang that line to her. What's the line? We sung it tonight. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. And her hands go up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody said she doesn't know what she's doing. She she may not know fully what she's doing, but she will. And she won't be so churchy that she can't put her antennas up. This is a time to contact him. I don't think we have to be wild all the time, but I think that we ought to do whatever we can do to get in his presence and stay there. Amen. Lord have mercy. I want to stay there, brother. That was it was a real blessing to me, you don't always have to lose your breath, spit, and sputter like some of us do when we're preaching to get the message across. I like it. I like it when ministers can have their what God gave them and deliver it the way God gave them the delivery. And I'm glad that you folks and you visitors as well are not so programmed to one delivery that you can't receive from from all who God would send this way. And sometimes when they're when they're gasping for breath, you can miss the point while praying. My family and I were visiting a church in a northern state and we saw a preacher preaching and we loved what he had to say, but we couldn't really enjoy it the way we wanted to because we were praying for him. We were holding hands asking the Lord that he not have a stroke because he really was putting in a lot of human effort and that's kind of dangerous. We just yield. We don't have to do it. How many of you are glad you don't have to do it? Okay, I'm doing what the kids tell me. You You got to say a lot before and a lot after. Okay, I'm done. Oh my. I love this more than soup and sandwiches down at the bottom. I love this more than anything I can think of to get in his presence and stay there. In the old days, we used to think that you had to always just lay hands on somebody and shake them nearly to death to get the devil off of them. But what I have found out is you get in the right atmosphere and you throw up your hands to the Lord and you may not need anybody shoving on you, those devils can't stand in the presence of the one that you're worshiping. Is that right? Yes, sir. And what I've also found out is you can't cast somebody's soul out of them. And the soul is made up according to scripture of the mind and the will and the emotions. And sometimes it's choices that people are making in their life. And we like to always blame it on devils. But sometimes it's just simple choices that people are making that invite the darkness. And if you'll just make a better choice, have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness. They'll come to you, but like Jesus, may they find nothing in you. How many of you know the devils will come, the demons will come, but may they find nothing in you that agrees that agrees with them. Then they have to turn and go the other way. That's what the word says. Are you glad you've been in the house of the Lord? Will you Will you leave if we close? There's going to be some fellowship and a meal and it's just I think it's soup and sandwiches, but the fellowship is what will be what will be valuable. And there's no reason to be bashful or shy or I don't like to eat in front of people. Well, just go sit in front of people then. Put your plate there and just don't eat it. But get fellowship. meet somebody, shake somebody's hand, and and tell them you love them and tell them it's good to be in the house of God with them tonight. Let's see what the Lord will do tomorrow. I remember the first time I heard the song you were talking about, only Jesus. I was in the Philippines and was preaching in a in a in a big gymnasium and that they had a brown out or blackout. Which do they call it in the Philippines? A brown or black? blackout. Certain places in Africa, they called it a brown out. It was pitch black dark and we didn't think we could have service, but they they thought we could because they were used to it. Someone drove opened the front door and drove a motorcycle. Does that sound right to you? Hundreds of people there. There's probably 700, 800 people. They drove a motorcycle ride in front door right up to the pool pit, a motorcycle, and shine lights on the on the Bible so that we could preach from the battery of the motorcycle. And a man and his wife got up and sang, "Only Jesus can satisfy your soul." You're probably too young to know that. Probably you say it. And I don't see sister Laurel Marbeth are all the all. Let's sing it as we leave. I feel somebody rushing me. And you know what that makes me want to do? Take my [Music] time. Pull the words for for the old folks. The world may try. I don't have any idea of the [Music] key to [Music] satisfy that longing in your soul. You may search the whole [Music] world as before. You'll never know real satisfaction until you've known the Lord. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Only Jesus can [Applause] satisfy your soul. Do you believe that tonight? And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He can. Hallelujah. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. Only Jesus can satisfy. Let's go up one. Your soul. Sing it one more time. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Give us another verse. If you could have the fame and fortune, all the wealth you could obtain, yet you have not Christ within your living here would be in vain. There'll come a time when death shall call you. Riches cannot help you then. So come to Jesus. Oh for he can satisfy. Oh one more time I promise. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Is that your testimony? And only [Music] he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. Oh [Music] Jesus can satisfy your soul. Thank you Lord tonight for the word of the Lord and for the brother that you use to deliver your word. Let it be poured into him. New strength, fresh anointing to minister to those saints tomorrow in the valley. Give them good rest. Lord, bless those who have driven so far and some flown in to be with us. Meet with us tomorrow as you always do. Let us come with a prepared heart, Lord, just kind of feasting on what we've heard tonight. Bless every visitor. Bless every person who has made a sacrifice to be in this place of fellowship with you tonight. And we ask for safety as we travel the dangerous highways. Lord, bless the food when it's prepared and ready and our fellowship together. In the lovely name of Jesus Christ, we ask this blessing. Amen. The saints said again, you're dismissed to go tonight. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Meet us at the bottom of the hill. God bless you, honey. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. [Music] He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. Only Jesus I love you can satisfy your soul. Did you lose your shoe? Love you. Oh Jesus. See if you can just satisfy your soul. He's the satisfying portion. And only [Music] he can change your heart. Oh, I love you. Love you, sweet girls. He'll give you peace you never knew. I love you Estie with love and joy and heaven too. Oh Jesus can satisfy your soul.
