################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - First Fruits Christ Our Resurrection Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    First Fruits: Christ Our Resurrection | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Easter Program
Duration: 3h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UslkSsV0GZk
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley examines the Feast of First Fruits as fulfilled in Christ's resurrection, contrasting biblical patterns with modern Easter traditions. He emphasizes that Jesus is the "first fruits of them that slept," establishing a pattern for believers to follow in spiritual maturity. The message highlights how Christ's resurrection enables our own spiritual quickening, requiring both sound doctrine ("mechanics") and spiritual power ("dynamics") to manifest resurrection life.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Our server rising savior. He's in the world today. I know that he is living. Whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer in just the time I need him. He's always here. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. A long life's stare away. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know. He lives. He lives within my heart. In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows weery, I never will despair. I know that he is leading through all the stormy blast. The day of his appearing will come at last. Oh, he lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. A long life's narrow way. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know. He lives. He lives within my heart. Rejoice, rejoice, oh Christian. Lift up your voice and sing eternal hallelu to Jesus Christ the King. The hope of all who seek him, the help of all who find. None other is so loving, so good, so kind. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. A long life's narrow away. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. [Music] I serve a risen savior. He's in the world today. I know that he is living. Whatever men may say. I see his hand of mercy. I hear his voice of cheer. And just the time I need him, he's always near. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. The long life's stare away. He lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. In all the world around me, I see his loving care. And though my heart grows wey, I never will despair. I know that he is leading through all the storming glass. The day of his appearing will come at last. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. A long life's there away. He lives. Oh, he lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how. I know. He lives. He lives within my heart. Rejoice, rejoice, oh Christian. Lift up your voice and sing. Eternal hallelujah to Jesus Christ the King. The hope of all who seek him, the help of all who find. None other is so loving, so good and kind. Oh, he lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and talks with me. A long life's narrow away. Oh, he lives. He lives. Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my heart. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Our God will rain forever and all the world will know his name. Everyone together. Let's sing the song of the redeemed. I know that my redeemer lives and now I stand on what he did. My savior, oh my savior lives. And every day is a brand new chance to say, "Jesus, you are the only way. My savior. Oh my savior [Music] lives. Our God will reign forever and all the world will know his name. Everyone together. Let's sing the song of the redeemer. I know that my redeemer lives and now I stand on what he did. My savior, oh my savior lives. And every day is a brand new chance to say that Jesus you are the only way. My savior. Oh my savior. The king has come from heaven. Oh, and darkness trembles at his name. It's victory forever. Oh, and that's the song of the redeemer. I know my redeemer lives. And now I stand on what he did. My savior, oh my savior lives. And every day a brand new chance to say that Jesus you are the only way. My savior, oh my savior lives. Oh the king has come from heaven and darkness trembles at his name. It's victory forever. Oh, and that's the song of the [Music] redeemer. I know that my redeemer lives. And now I'll stand on what he did. Oh my savior. Oh my savior lives. Oh, you live. And every day is a brand new chance to say Jesus, you are the only way. My savior, oh my savior lives. Oh my savior lives. My savior lives. My savior lives. lives. Oh, my Savior lives. My Savior lives. My Savior lives. I know that my redeemer lives. And now I stand on what he did. My Savior. Yes, my Savior lives. [Music] Every day a brand new chance to say Jesus you are the only way my savior. Oh my savior lives. Oh hallelujah. Oh you live you live inside of us Lord. We worship your holy name. Hallelujah. Glory. Try this new one with us. Jesus. Praise God. [Music] I know a name that can silence roaring waves. And I know a name that can empty out a grave. And I know a name. It's the only one that saves. And it's worthy of all praise. I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer, risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior, worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name, [Music] and I know a name that can silence roaring waves. And I know a [Music] name that can empty out a grave. And I know a name. [Music] It's the only name that's safe and it's worthy of all praise. I call you Jesus. I call you I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you Savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your [Music] name and I have a king. with dominion over death. He holds the key in his holy nail scarred hand. He is the heal that has crushed the serpent's head. Our resurrected great I am. And I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you Savior, worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call your name. Oh, every time I call your name, I have a king with dominion over death. And he holds the [Music] keys in his holy nail scarred hands. He is the heal that has crushed the serpent's head. The resurrected great I am. I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you, I call you. Savior, worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you healer, rising and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. And every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you healer, risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Oh, every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name. Oh, there's power in your name. There's power in the name of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Bless his holy name. Lord, we thank you. We thank you that you're still resurrected. [Music] You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise to you, holy. It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your praise in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you holy. [Music] You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great are you, [Music] Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your bre in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. [Music] Oh great are you Lord and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. So great are you Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh great are you Lord. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. All the earth. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our love, so we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your bread in our lives. So we pour out our praise to you, holy. It's your breath in our lungs. Sing it out. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise into your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, oh it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. pour out our praise into your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, oh we pour out our praise on you, Lord. We pour out our praise on you, Lord. Cuz you are worthy of all praise. You are worthy of all praise, Lord. We bless you, God. We've come to magnify your name. We've come to magnify your name, to lift you up, Lord. [Music] You were the word at the beginning. one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. And what a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven now. My sin was great. Your love was greater. So what could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, you're my king. Oh, what a wonderful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veil torn before you. You silence the most. I've [Applause] sra. Now the heavens are roaring. the praise of your glory. For you have raised to life again. And you have no rival and you have no equal. Well, now and forever, God, you reign. Cuz now yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. And yours is the name that's above all name. Oh, now death could not hold you. The veil torn before you. Oh, you silence the most of sin and grief. Now the heavens are roaring the praise of your glory. For you have raised to life again. And you have no rival. And you have no equal for now and forever. God, you reign. Cuz now yours is the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name above all names. And what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name. The name of Jesus Christ, you're my king. What a powerful name it is. And nothing compares to stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. You're my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. the name of Jesus. [Music] And all the saints and [Music] angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing that you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. My God, you deserve the glory. Lord, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. You're so worthy, Lord. Oh, you are worthy of it all. We just want to tell you how much we love you. Oh, for for of you are all things and to you are all things. Lord, you deserve the [Music] glory. Cuz you are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the [Music] glory. Day and night, night and day, letting sins arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let incence arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in sins arise. Oh, day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. You are worthy of it all, Lord. You're so worthy. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, we give you all the praise. For from you are all things and to are all things. My God, you deserve the glory. Tell him how worthy he is. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve. He wants to hear you sing it this morning. Sing it to him. Oh, you are worthy of it all. God, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Let's sing that again. Oh, you are worthy of it allus. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Amen. Let's just stay in this atmosphere. You have an unspoken prayer question just by the uplifting of the hand. There's needs all over this room. There's a lot of people out traveling. Let's remember all of them. Could we remember this morning brother Eddie Miller and his wife? Brother Eddie has a infection in his foot that's moving too quickly and so they took him to the emergency room this morning. Let's ask the Lord to help him. He's already in a compromised condition and it's a full-time job taking care of him, but he's a wonderful what God has done is great. And he's a wonderful God we serve and we know the Lord is able to help. We have 19 at youth camp. That includes the adults that have gone. They're missing this morning. They're coming home today. Let's pray that they will have safety as they travel. Let's remember Josh, Stephen, and Austin, also Todd who are working in North Carolina. It's dangerous work that they're doing, and we want to hold them up to the Lord in prayer. They're in the water and they're getting these logs and trees, huge trees from the hurricane and dragging them for great distances. It's it's hard work. It's dangerous work. They need the grace of God. Brother and Sister Gley are in uh where is it? Ohio. Napoleon, Ohio preaching this morning and the last two days. May God be with him and bless him. I know he has at least one engagement of on Thursday of this week for brother Dwey Moss and then next weekend for the former Amish in Indiana. Let's ask God to be with him. Uh Ben and his family are away for the weekend. Hawk is flying out right now as we speak to Mexico for extensive work uh on his teeth, his mouth, his jaw. He will have to have implants and no one even really knows yet what all will be involved. But God has made a way for him to have it done and it will be a serious affair. Sister Terry is home this morning with Sister Gertrude because she's unable to get out of bed. Sister Gertrude and Sister Terry is there as her soul caretaker while Sister Rebecca's gone. Let's ask the Lord to visit Sister Terry today and uh touch her body and strengthen her. And also Sister Gertrude. My old friend, Brother Jonathan is in need of prayer. His blood platelets are low and he has a shoulder surgery coming up and needs to be remembered. Brother Russ Dunker, my friend uh from Wisconsin, needs to be remembered to the Lord. And uh we want to pray for the meetings in Indiana this week. Anybody else who's traveling that God will watch over them and keep them. There's such a wonderful presence of the Lord here. We want to believe that God will help us today. with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be. Let's sing that [Music] again. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms never disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be falling in love. Brother Nathan, would you come today? Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Can we do it in his arms one more time? In his arms. I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place. Thank you, Lord. Let's pray. Oh Lord, I am so thankful to be in your presence again. Thank you, Lord. God, for these that are with us, oh God, those that are represented over the stream, thank you Lord that your presence is among us. Thank you, Lord. Lord, all these needs that have been called out, all the ones that are represented here that were ra by represented by the raised hands. Oh God, all those we don't know on the stream. Lord, we ask that you would go for those that need healing. Oh God, we ask you would move. Let your healing angel come by that way. Lord, for those who are working in dangerous conditions, we ask, Lord, that you will be with them. Let your angels surround them. Keep them safe, oh Lord. Give them strength. Keep them alert, oh Lord, as they work. For all those who are traveling the dangerous highways, we ask that you would line the line the highways with your angels. Be with them. Surround them, oh God, as they travel. As dad is preaching in Ohio, we ask, oh Lord, that you would anoint his lips. Oh God, speak through him. May it be a move like they have not seen before. Oh God, be with them as they travel on to the next place. And he speaks. Oh God, we ask that you'll be with them. Jesus, we ask Lord as the word goes forth today here in this house that you will be with our pastor. May your anointing cover him, oh God. May your anointing fill this whole room, Lord. May we hear the words from you. Lord, let my ears be open to hear what you would have to speak to me. I thank you, Lord, that you are changing me to be like you because that's what I want to be. Wonder we give the rest of the service to you. Have your way, O Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that again. In his arms, I feel protected. In his arms, never [Music] disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be. In his arms, I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Let's do Falling in Love one more time. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this [Music] morning. You may be seated this morning. Elas and Brother Shaw, would y'all mind and come and help me with the offering this morning? Let's go ahead and pray for it. Lord Jesus, bless his ties and offering. Use it for your work in your kingdom. Lord Jesus, multiply it and give it back to the giver. In the name of Christ, I pray. Amen. Let's worship with brother Kade as he sings. [Music] There is a blood that calls false life that paid my way and death its price when it flowed down from the cross. My sins were gone. My sins forgone. [Music] There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me life. And in three days he breathed again and rose to stand in mighty faith. So I come to tell you he's alive to tell you that he dries. Oh every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves and to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood. Oh, it sits the blind. It heals the sick. [Music] lonely finds. And it has the power to free the bound as chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out. Lord come cleanse my soul and let it liquid. Glory flow because he lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I owe my all. So I come, so I come to tell you he's alive and to tell you that he dries. Oh, every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves or to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Oh, so I come to tell you he's alive and to tell you that he dries every tear that falls. Oh, so I come oh to tell you that he saves and to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. And there is a blood. It cost a life and he paid my way and death its price. And when he flowed down from the cross, well, my sins were gone. So were yours this morning. My sins forgone. And there is a grave. Oh, and it tried to hide. There's precious blood. It keeps giving me life. And in three days he breathed again and he rose to stand and mighty [Music] f. And so I come to tell you he's alive. Oh, to tell you that he dries every tear that falls. Oh, so I come to tell you that he saves. Oh, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Oh, so I come to tell you he's alive and to tell you that he dries. Oh, every tear that falls. Oh, and so I come to tell you that he saves. Oh, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Oh, this blood. Oh, this blood. His precious blood. He's coming back for you. Oh, so I come to tell you he's alive and to tell you that he dries every tear that [Music] falls. So I come to tell you that he saves and shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he tries every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves and to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Praise God. There is a blood. Why don't we give the Lord a real hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless his name. Hallelujah. Bless his name. I said hallelujah. Bless his name. He's wonderful. He's wonderful and worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You may be seated. He's good. He's an ontime God. He's faithful in every one of his ways. Hallelujah. So thankful for the presence of the Lord that's in the front of the church this morning. I hope you can feel it where you are. It's life to us. It's not about feelings, but it's life to us to be able to connect to him. There's nothing wrong with feeling him. Nothing wrong with a little bit of emotion. If there's no emotion that that just sort of testifies that it's death. How many of you are not dead? How many of you are very much alive because of Jesus Christ? We're alive because of him. Uh let's sing uh just a a chorus or a bit of the blood will never lose its power before we go to the word. I'm a little discombobulated. Do you know what that means? [Music] And it reaches to the highest mountain and it blows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. [Music] It soothes all my doubts and it calms all of my fears and oh, it dries all of my tears. It's the blood that gives me my strength from day to day. It will never never lose its power. Let me hear your voice. Oh, it reaches to the highest. Sometimes it flows to the voice lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never never lose its power. Sing this part with me again. It suits all my doubts and it calms all of my fears and and it dries all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never, never, never lose its power. One last time, it'll reach wherever you are. Oh, it reaches to the highest, highest mountain. And this same blood it will flow to the lowest sin cursed valley. Oh, it's the blood. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never never never lose. No, it will never never never lose. I said it will never never never lose its [Music] power. Oh, I thank God. It never will lose its power. Its power is the life, the Zoe life of God. The power of the blood, the potency of the blood is the life that's within it. And it's it's not animal life and it's not life of a human being. It's God's own life. It's Zoe. Say that with me. It's Zoe. It's God's eternal life. It's life that has always existed. Do you believe that? We should thank God because uh with quite a few missing, nearly 40 I counted uh that I knew wouldn't be here. But we are so thankful for these musicians, the sacrifices that have been made. Benjamin and Jenna flew in late last night so they wouldn't have to miss another service and to help us this morning. And many sacrifices have been made. And uh you know I miss those who are not here but I couldn't myself I couldn't feel any difference. I'm thankful for that. Sometimes it it's distracting to people because the ones they're familiar with or whatever loved ones are are missing and they don't connect as well. Our prayer was that it wouldn't hinder anybody and it certainly I don't know about you but it certainly didn't hinder me because he was here. He's here and I believe he's going to meet every need. But let's thank God for these musicians, leading of the worship. And uh you may be seated again for just a moment. We're so happy to see you, Logan. with so many missing. I mean, anytime you being here would be special, but with so many missing, it was particularly a blessing to look back and see you looking all sharp and uh I feel like a son has come home to us this morning. We're very thankful to see [Applause] you, Alana. It's so good to see you. We're so glad that you've come through your surgery. We know you're not all the way on the other side yet, but you're a trooper and you're at church this morning. And that is a real blessing. Sister Cindy's sister-in-law. Let's welcome her and thank God for her being here [Applause] today. The Holy Ghost is here. I want him to be welcome. Don't you? Amen. That's right, Sister Flo. We can clap for everybody else. We want to thank God for Levi also being here this morning to help us with the stream. He's just come off his shift at the fire department and uh is here this morning and we needed him because uh Joseph is at camp and the other boys and brother Hawk is on his way to to Mexico and um we we just very thankful that he could be here and thankful that that R.J. was able to stay. He was he offered to take Hawk to the airport and that would have been a blessing to Hawk. I know. But we're just thankful that when he realized we needed him to help us up there that he he stayed to do that. I appreciate that very much. Um God is good all the time. Tomorrow is Luke Jernigan's birthday. He's still one of ours and we miss him very much and we're praying for him every day. And tomorrow is his birthday and we're looking forward to seeing what God's going to do in his life. Tomorrow is also Nathan and Shosana's wedding anniversary. How many is this, Nathan? Seven. Well, that's a good number. How did those seven years pass so quickly? Seemed like we were just making that international journey to Michigan. I'm so happy for what seven years have brought us. And I told Nathan he could have brought Edith up here to pray, couldn't he? Wouldn't know nobody been bothered by that. I looked at them during worship. The presence of the Lord was already pretty strong around me. And I looked over there at him and her shoes were off and she was standing on her daddy's tops of her daddy's feet and he was moving back and forth worshiping the Lord and she was having the time of her life. She's a worshshiper. And I thought that was particularly special that she was standing on her daddy's feet. Most of us would have enjoyed the thought of being able to have done that. Edith is blessed enough to do it. I'm thankful. I'm very, very thankful. Um, this Friday, April 25th, is Abigail Bote's birthday. Faithful streamers in Calgary, originally from Ghana, West Africa. We send our love all the way north of the border to her. And also this Friday, Sister Judith comes home for just about a week. And uh we're very happy to have her home for just a few days. She's very actively involved in caring for her parents who are still uh giving God praise and glory for his faithfulness to them in their life. and Sister Judith doesn't get to be here with us very often during this time. So, we're very much looking forward to having her uh here with us next weekend and I think she will have to leave before the before the weekend following the memorial service is the weekend after that for brother Samuel Johnson who passed away, a worldclass missionary. And if you were here when brother Colin gave his testimony, I I think it was a Tuesday night, wasn't it? It wasn't on a Sunday. Uh the young man who's serving our Lord in in Israel with his family, we don't always say where, but uh we just did um serving the Lord and under very difficult and uncertain times. And it was because of brother Johnson that brother Colin came off the streets and gave his heart to the Lord. And you, if you were here, you heard his testimony. He picked up the phone book and began to look for churches with the name Bible in it. And I think that was the right word. And there were several that uh had machines or whatever. But the first live person was the church of Brother Samuel Johnson. Now, by the way, that building where I think I might have met Sister Alfreda for the first time was in that building is now a a church that belongs a believing church that belongs to to believers there with Pastor Gabriel Toari who's very good friends of Hawk. It's wonderful to see that building recycled and used for the glory of God. another entirely different congregation in there worshiping and carrying on the work of the Lord. But uh there was just a few older people there that morning. He called, got the got the information for the services. He went over just a few older people quite small the church was of course at the time and he's sitting there hearing these things for the first time and he's telling himself, "Well, I'll I won't be back here. I'm pretty sure of that." But he said that he, Brother Johnson, came down the aisle and grabbed his arm and and and smiled real big and said, "We're so glad to have you and we'll see you Wednesday night." And he said, "I don't know what was wrong with me. I don't know what was even going on." I said, "Yes, you will." He said, "After I've been sitting there that whole time thinking I'll never be back here again. You never know what God's doing." And uh not only did God bring him in, save him, fill him with the Holy Ghost, but he served there for several years as the associate pastor and began his ministry there. And so we want to give honor. I I know that uh vessels are flawed. Humans are flawed. I I've certainly been flawed. But it's the right thing to do when someone uh continues on, does their repentance, continues on, goes on for God like brother Johnson has done. It's it's right to remember the good that he swed into many many many lives. Mine including the reason why brother Colin and I were ever connected is he was down in the basement of that church praying in a prayer meet in a in a private time of prayer and he looked up and saw a box on the shelf and he got up there and it was old cassette tapes of when we were there in the early 90s. He put them in and God touched his heart and connected us together. Aren't we blessed to have them working for the Lord so faithfully? And we claim them as part of us. We're looking forward to getting to see them again. Uh we have some that are uh that are not well, some children that are not well, fighting to get well. Um Aiana not feeling well today, but we're believing the Lord will just make her whole. He's still a healer. Oh, I feel his healing power. I know that he is a healer. I pray for sister Flo. Uh she's traveling this week. Can you imagine? I mean, I'm I'm still processing this, Jason, in my mind. She's uh getting on an airplane and uh going to Indiana for a meeting. It's just hard to hold her down, isn't it? And if Jesus terries and she's a hundred, she better not walk up here and tell me I'm going to Indiana. But we're thankful that she feels good enough and and and is is going to go whether she does or not. And those people are going to be very blessed to have her. And Jonathan's leaving tomorrow for Indiana and he's going to swing by the airport and pick her up and take her on. And I think that's bold and and it's courageous and I would expect nothing more or nothing less out of Sister Flo. But we all want to pray for her. that old airplane is a is a it's a petri dish of germs. And uh we want to pray that God will so protect her with a holy protection that that she uh her presence on that plane brings healing to other people that's sick. Well, it can be that way. Peter's shadow uh had so much of the virtue of God in it that when he passed by, the sick were healed. Uh somebody said, "Well, we're not Peter. We're not the apostles." No, in fact, we're part of a double portion generation and we should uh we should be healing with our presence going and coming. Even when there's no shadow, right? Let's go to the word. If you're able to stand, please do that. Uh those of you who knew, we didn't we didn't make a public announcement for various reasons, but we were away for three nights. uh left Wednesday morning early and uh I appreciate the Lord for making it possible. We didn't have a place to stay until 11:30 on Monday night, but we needed a little distraction with Elelliana gone. We're so glad to have her back and I guess her mom and daddy, too, because they're a package. But we're very glad to have her back, even though she's being a little finicky with me. Uh uh I I believe that before the day is over, I'm going to have a very serious talk with her and it's all going to be all right. She's going to remember who Pap is and uh well, she's calling my name, but but uh she's and and she's doing Joshua the same way and he's just he just is having a struggle. So pray for him because he's a he's one of those doing uncles. Uh I don't call any day resurrection day. I call every day resurrection day. But the reality is resurrection is not a day. Has nothing to do with a day. It's a person. His name is Jesus. Somebody said, "What do you mean?" I mean just what he said. He said, "I am the resurrection. I am personified." That's who I am. How many of you have him? If you have him, you have the anastasis, which is the resurrection. A and that word anastasis uh is a unique word because it actually means reproducible resurrection. And that means his resurrection was of such a nature that it has reproduced a resurrection in all of us. Did you know you were once dead in your sins and trespasses and on your way to hell? That's where he went when he died and you were on your way to hell. But aren't you glad that God gave you an anastasis? gave you a resurrection. Praise God. I'm glad for that. Uh would you turn to Leviticus chapter 23? God bless you to all the streamers. I'll be as quick as I'm capable of being. And uh I didn't mention that Ginger is back from uh the island of Iceland and we're very glad to have her home for a little while. Praise God. And I suppose she's going to be pretty anxious to have her girl, baby girl, baby in quotation marks, home uh from camp later this evening. It' be a great reunion for them, I'm sure. Leviticus chap 23 verse 9-14. God bless you. I think I mentioned streamers, but all of you, especially those of you who've reached out to say hello. We love you. We send our love across the world, South Africa, and so many other places. God bless you. Leviticus 23:9. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, that ye shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest. I want to read that last line again. You shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest. This would be a good time to pause for just a moment and say that we're glad that Charity Grace made it home for church. She left this morning at 5:30 and drove all the way from North Carolina, really the Tennessee line to be here for church to serve the Lord, to worship the Lord that most importantly and secondly to run the computer for me. Would you just thank God for that faithfulness? Had to leave her husband home uh at back at work to do it. Then you shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest, and he shall wave the sheath. I want you to get that in your mind. I want you to make an image of a priest standing out in the field. This particular time of the year is the barley harvest. During the time of Pesak, Passover, and the feast of unleavened bread, the barley comes in. And 50 days later the wheat harvest starts coming and they will be making bread for Pentecost and waving the bread also over the people uh according to the same portion of scripture. But now we're talking about the barley harvest. And uh we are instructed that when you finally get into that promised land, then you're going to take the the first fruits, the the the barley that is ripened first, and you're going to go out and gather that. Leave the rest behind. You're going to gather that together into a sheath, which is a bundle. And then you're going to the priest is going to wave that sheath before the Lord to be accepted on your behalf to be accepted for you. On the tomorrow after the Sabbath, the priest shall wave it. So that would be after the weekly Sabbath during the feast of unleavened bread. I'm I'm I'm uh unfortunately I must tell you that's not today on anybody's calendar. That already happened earlier in the week because God only keeps one calendar and that's the one in the Bible. You understand that, don't you? That's how he gave it to us. And so this is already passed, but we're we're looking at it because the emphasis today is on first fruits. It's on resurrection. So we want to remember what his resurrection fulfilled. His death fulfilled the sacrificial lamb at Passover and his purity, his divine nature fulfilled the elements of the unleavened bread. And now his resurrection anastasis life has fulfilled to the letter the the biblical type and shadow of the feast of first fruits which is yam habikarim. And uh it's a powerful truth. I want to get a little more of it into you today if the Lord will let us. Ye shall offer that day when you wave the sheath uh and he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the Lord. And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth uh deals of fine flour mingled with oil, an offering made by fire unto the Lord for a sweet savor. And the drink offering thereof shall be of wine, the fourth part of an hen. Do you notice the meticulous instructions of God? This is God's instructions. And he tells them exactly how much wine to pour out as an offering. And the meat offering thereof would be two ten deals of fine flour mingled with oil. An offering made by fire unto the Lord of a sweet savor. the drink offering thereof of wine, the fourth part of an hen. And that's h i n, not h e n. And ye shall eat neither bread nor parched corn, nor green ears until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God. Notice that you are not to partake of the harvest, even though there is ripened grain. You are not to take it until you have first gathered first fruits and offered it as worship unto the Lord. Then you can take what's what's left. That that's the whole concept of first fruits. God first. You see that creator first and then the rest. Then you can take it and enjoy it. And you shall eat neither bread nor parched corn until the selfsame day that you brought an offering unto your God. It shall be a statute forever. Somebody say forever. So even though the reality and fulfillment is here, it's still a good thing to remember the type and the shadow. That's what the Bible said. In fact, he said, "Let that be a memorial. Let it be something that you remember every year. Let it be a cycle, a repeated behavior every year. Mention these things. Talk about these things. And then give God praise for bringing them all to pass in fulfillment. Thi this shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings and in other places. He says, "And the stranger thereof in your midst." And we're thankful that he has made provision. Father, we thank you today that you before there was a Garden of Eden, before there was an Adam, in your mind, you had uh a plan of redemption and salvation and deliverance that is so detailed. It catches it gives us the ability to catch a glimpse of your meticulous nature and how You you could have made it so much easier, but you wanted it to be so detailed that there would be no doubt in our minds that you had fulfilled it to the jot and to the tit and to the very letter of the instruction. Lord, I thank you for that. That revelation has shaped my life in in incredible ways. It has caused me to know you in a different way. To know that if you care so much about every measurement, every color that is used and how it is to be even given to you, then you must also care about every detail of my life. The revelation tells me that there's not a sparrow that falls to the ground that you don't notice or a hair fall out in my hairbrush that you don't sub subtract from your memory. The very hairs of our head numbered. The liies are clothed by a divine creator every spring. I don't want to take that for granted. I want to live under the awesome responsibility and the awesome privilege of worshiping a God who cares about every detail. You want me to have the right automobile and you want me to have the right job and you want me to uh to have the right friends and the right connections and the right uh uh church and and so many things you care about, the right companion. And Lord, I thank you for that kind of care. It overwhelms me at times, but I rest in you knowing that you've got everything under control. May every person in this place and under the sound of my voice, may they receive that revelation even in greater ways than I have, so that they never feel alone. So that they never feel left out or uncared for by their creator. What an awesome papa you are. Help us in your word today to grasp the precision with which you have fulfilled every requirement and request. And we'll give you glory and honor and praise for it's in the mighty name of Yeshua, the Lord Jesus Christ, our Messiah we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." Amen. You may be seated. I better hurry. In numbers chapter 28 and verse 26, it goes on to say also in the day of the first fruits. Would you say first fruits with me? The King James version of the Bible puts the two words together. First fruits. Many other places you'll see it written in as two separate words. Remember that if you're ever doing a search, it can really make it a little more difficult to find every place where this is mentioned. In the day of the first fruits, when you bring a new meat offering unto the Lord, after your weeks be out, ye shall have an holy convocation. Ye shall do no serval work. Now, this is talking about the seven additional Sabbaths or memorial days that are given to us in scripture to be remembered. Every week there is a Sabbath, 52 Sabbaths of the year. And sometime during that day from evening to evening it's a good thing for you to remember that even God had need to rest. It's a good idea for you to remember uh and the Sabbath is and will always be from Friday evening until Saturday evening. I I don't believe that we have the right to rename the Sabbath and say that it's Sunday and Sunday is the Christian Sabbath. I don't say that because God is the one who chose the day of the week for the Sabbath. Nonetheless, we meet together on Sunday for various reasons. One of which, it's a day that we have off work. A lot of people in Israel, it's the first day of the work week and everybody goes back to work. So, it's a little difficult as a believing a Messianic believer in Israel to to worship. You just couldn't nearly hardly worship on Sunday. You would have to meet together also on the Sabbath. I'm not a Sabbathke keeper in the sense that I think that Sunday worship is the mark of the beast like some large Christian groups Christian with parenthesis teach that if you go to church on Sunday you're a part of the mark of the bee. I don't believe that for one moment. I believe we ought to go to church every day when there's a service to be in. If we can get there, we ought to get there. Because remember, Sabbath is more than a day. Sabbath is a person. Are you with me? Resurrection is more than a day. Passover more than a day. Uh first fruits, more than a day. Shàuote, Pentecost, more than a day. It's more than an experience. It's a person. And we go into the New Testament, we could say the same. Feast of trumpets more than a day. It's the reality of a person who's coming back. Praise God for that. And soot or tabernacles more than a day, more than a week, more than a holiday. It's a person because God himself will tabernacle with men. That is a powerful promise. He has fulfilled that in us and he will fulfill it in a further measure in eternity because we never have to leave his sight. We never have to leave his presence again throughout all eternity. He makes his abode with us and we make our eternal abode with him. Now that ought to excite anybody to get to live forever with the Messiah. Hallelujah. If you believe what I believe that uh that brother Brandham had inspiration from the Lord as a prophet then you will also believe what he said that God is so uh multiaceted. That's my word. But this was the concept he presented. There's so much to God that he will continue to unveil and reveal himself to us throughout all eternity. Can you imagine peeling off the layers of an onion for all eternity? You think you know everything there is to know about Messiah and he opens up another entirely something, some revelation, some inspired truth that we didn't even know about him. Somebody said, "Why would he do that?" Then we fall in love with him all over again. Hallelujah. And he just peels off another revelation of who he is. And maybe he lets you catch a glimpse of a time in your life that you were not aware that he was with you, that he was present with you. And then you fall in love with him all over again. And you get to do that over and over and over again throughout all eternity. For those of you who would rather sit on a fluffy cloud, wear a diaper, play a harp, you're going to be greatly disappointed. Heaven doesn't look anything like that, and neither will eternity. It's going to be a glorious worship service, a testimony time like there's never been before. And there doesn't ever have to be an end to it because there is no time. Once we get out of the millennium, there is no more measurement of time. Somebody said, "You don't really believe." I do. I do really believe. I really believe that that's the way it's going to be. I'll tell you this. You don't want to miss it. Amen. You don't want to miss it. Stay with me now. So then in Proverbs 3:9, I think I was saying there are 52 regular weekly Sabbaths and then seven additional uh Sabbaths that are given to us during the feast of the Lord. So there's one additional feast during Passover. And that's why there's been so much confusion about what day of the week Jesus was crucified because the scripture says that it was the day of preparation before the Sabbath. His body had to be taken down. Gentiles read that in the time of King James. And they say, "Well, even we know the Sabbath is Friday evening to Saturday evening." The problem is only John picked up the nuance. That there's a little more to it than the weekly Sabbath. Because according to the Old Testament, the scripture tells us that there is an additional Sabbath given during the week of unleven bread during the time of Passover. And that is a high Sabbath. It's a memorial to remember so that you don't work, you give the time to God. And if you're in Israel during that time, I'm telling you, traffic stops. Everything comes to a screeching halt. And there are no stores open. And so if you don't have groceries before both high Sabbath and weekly Sabbath, the only time that a store is open is on the intermediary days, the days in between, you could be hungry. You could be knocking on your neighbor's door. Because when they say closed, guess what they mean? Closed. No. No driving around, no shopping around. It is to be a time of memorial. And so these gentile uh translators, they didn't understand the nuance of of the high Sabbath. And so they said had to be a Friday because that's day of preparation before the weekly Sabbath. The problem is we know that that particular time there were two Sabbaths and one was all day uh the day after his crucifixion all day Friday and then the weekly Sabbath began. So they're back to back and that can really be a problem in trying to decide the day of his resurrection. The key is always this. Just remember this. There's nothing to argue about, but this is the key. It has to be according to the sign of the prophet Jonah. Jesus said, "So has to be three days and three nights, not three portions of days or three portions of night." Somebody said, "Well, in Esther, the fast said three days." But then it said before the third day was over, Esther went in before the king. We're not talking about a fast. We're talking about a messianic sign. That's right. Esther wouldn't have been the only one that moved before a fast was over. You're supposed to smile. That's assuming that any of you have ever fasted because those last few hours can be hard. So Esther wasn't the only one that said, "I better get up and save my people before the sun goes down." This was an entirely different thing. So the fast was three days and the fact that she ended a little quick and went into the king is not a problem. It has absolutely nothing to do with the resurrection. Jesus was specific and he said as as Jonah was in the belly of the fish, so must the Son of Man be in the heart of the earth for how long? Three days and three nights. And three nights. It has to be that way. I don't care who called Friday good. There was no such thing until the Roman Catholic Church in AD 3:25 made this ruling. You can't even blame Constantine for this. The church is responsible. The church said, "We don't want to have anything or any connection any longer with the Jews." That's why they mistransated the word pasca in the New Testament and put in the word Easter. Can you imagine? Can you imagine something that never even truly existed as a Christian festival? They put the word in because they wanted to separate themselves from the Jews. That's anti-semitism at its best, or should we say at its worst. And then they said, "We're going to change the date of the celebration of resurrection. And we're no longer going to do as Christians had done from the from the beginning of the day of Pentecost all the way up to the time of we could say 3:24 AD. Passover was the time that both the death and the resurrection was celebrated. 300 years until they decided we're going to disconnect Passover and resurrection. And we're going to put resurrection on a Sunday. Of course, we are. And we're no longer going to uh choose the date based on the lunar calendar that God established. We're going to do it on the sun calendar. And that's why Christians all over the world woke up this morning, turned their faces toward the sun. and worship the wrong God. Now, I know that's going to go over like a rat sandwich, but the reality is somebody said, "Well, what's what I purpose in my heart?" Not. So, it's not what you purpose in your heart, it's what thus sayaeth the Lord says. It's what the Bible said. The scripture is the absolute. And so the problem with doing that, going out and waking up early and turning your face toward the sun is God's not represented by the sun. That's the wrong God. He's not represented by that. That's a product of the church and how the so many things were altered. This Roman system has affected our lives in ways that we don't realize. Why does that even matter? It matters because if you're trying to present the reality of the resurrection, you do understand there's multitudes of people that don't even believe he rose from the dead. That's right. Do you remember many years ago Josh McDow wrote a book about proving the resurrection? And he wrote it to Christians because there were Christians in mainline evangelical churches that had chosen to no longer believe in the physical resurrection of Jesus Christ. Hello. Just like many major mainline denominations have chosen to no longer believe in the virgin birth or in the power of the blood. So if you think these things are overemphasized among us, you must understand that we're salmon swimming against a tide that never stops. The Roman system continues to mark march toward the faith. Yeah. Doing anything and everything it can to shift our attention from the only one true living God who represented him in the himself, excuse me, who represented himself in the feast of the scripture. They want us to be so so disconnected and in doing so they said we won't even have the resurrection celebration connected to Passover anymore. In fact, have you noticed that many years is not even the same month? So, how could Jesus fulfill the feast of first fruits at Easter when when Passover is already passed? Why does it matter? It matters because you may one day have to present this gospel to an agnostic or an atheist, Zach. And it's important that you know what's right because there are people out there who don't believe any of it. So, and you let them find a little loophole like uh he wasn't even in the tomb for three days and three nights and they'll run away with it. The Bible said it's important for you and I to be able to answer for the faith that we hold. You got to know what you believe. I don't want to go too far into this with a visit or two here and maybe some streaming, but I want to clearly say you must know what you believe. And you what you believe must be rooted and grounded in the scripture, not in orthodox tradition, but in the scripture. And if you can find it in the scripture, I'm going to I'm going to say, well, then we've got to look at that very carefully if it's something we're not looking at already. Let the saints say, "Amen." Proverbs 3:9, "Honor the Lord with thy substance and with the first fruits of all thine increase." So the Bible is clear to us that this is not talking about our tithe. When we give God tithe, we are giving him one10enth 10% of what we make. Not particularly what we go bring home after we have paid our bills. You understand that what's taken out of our check is a bill that has to be paid. Sometimes it's insurance. Sometimes it's retirement. Sometimes it's this. Sometimes it's that. Sometimes it's the other. So we give God not second fruits. Not when everybody else has taken their hands off of it. Let me just take a little water. You didn't know I was going to preach. I don't hardly ever preach on tithe. Not when everybody else has got their peace. First, somebody say first. What's the benefit of that? It says to God above and beyond, I trust that if I do what your word said and I give you the first, I give you what belongs to you. I trust that you will provide for me. And if I borrow what belongs to you according to scripture, I am to pay back interest. So you don't want to borrow from what doesn't belong to you in the first place. How's that possible? You want to give God what belongs to him. First fruit is not the tithe, but tithe is to be given in a first fruit way. Off the top, we might say. In fact, the scripture does say that's exactly what the scripture does tell us. But first fruit is something that God is asking for above and beyond. It doesn't have to be scads of money. It can be something as simple in Bible times as the first tomato on your vine. You say, "Well, how in the world am I going to give that to the Lord?" You do that by giving it to some of God's people, by sharing what you have. And you can count on Sister Joyce, who is not here today. Let's preach about her. You can count on her that she's going to bring the first tomato, the first snow [Music] pee. I I certainly can't make much of a meal with one snow pee. You understand? But she's going to bring that to to the one who's serving God as her priest. She's going to bring that every year regardless because she said, "I know what happens when I do." She learned many years ago when we were teaching on first fruits. If you give God what belongs to him, he touches the rest. That's what scripture said. He touches the rest. He blesses the rest. When you when someone gives to the poor, when someone gives, pays it forward and does the different things that people do sometime showing acts of kindness and charity. Do it unto the Lord. Don't just do it under your neighbor. Do it unto the Lord and watch and see if God won't bless you. Somebody ought to say amen. Well, you're just another preacher preaching on money. Listen, folks. I'm not asking for anything in addition to what God's asked of you. I'm not looking for money and I'm not looking to you for my source of anything except prayer. But the Bible is the Bible. The scripture is the scripture. And I don't know about you, but I want to be right standing with God. If I can do in some simple way what God is asking me to do, and he's going to turn around and open the windows of heaven and bless me in such a manner that I don't have room enough to contain it. And some of us are lagging behind now because we've stolen from God for so long. That we never can get ahead. So at some point we have to come clean with him. Honor the Lord with thy substance and with the first fruits of all thine increase. Give it to God as fast as you can and you won't even miss it because it's already out of your hands. Amen. When somebody gives you a $10 bill, just know that a dollar of that belongs to the Lord and just say, "Thank God for the $9 that I have." That's the way I live. It's the way I live and it works. Woo! They're shouting down the aisle at New Hope this morning. I know you know it. I know you believe it that you're the most faithful people to give that I've kn to mention it from time to time. First fruits represents the initial harvest, consecrating the rest to God and foreshadowing resurrection, new life, and divine acceptance for all of us. It's tied directly to Passover, which is redemption, and to the feast of unleaven bread, which is purity. Jesus fulfilled the feast of of uh first fruits in the same way that he fulfilled the feast of Passover. He did it by rising on the third day, which is Nissan 17. Somebody check your your uh calendar and see what today is on on the on the lunar calendar. What is today on yours? Say it again. Nissan 22. So, we're already quite a few days past the feast of first fruits. But it won't hurt any anything to come in here and sing more songs about the resurrection. I didn't hear but one song that we don't sing in any other service. Two songs. One is He Lives, He Lives, which happens to be one of my favorite hymns. And we sung it Tuesday night as we were leaving. So it's okay to sing it more than on an Easter Sunday they call it. Um and then the new song that we sung those are the the rest of them who talk the songs that talk about resurrection. We may sing them any Sunday or any Tuesday and we should because his resurrection is something we should honor and celebrate every day. But when you think about the fact that even his resurrection fulfilled the shadow and type of what was outlined in Leviticus and in numbers and in several other places, it only adds to the amazing God. I mean, he is an incredible creator and savior and redeemer. to have thought of all of this, to have laid it all out, to have chosen the very hour that Jesus would die with all the other Passover lambs and the very hour that he would rise from the dead before the sun. I love the fact that Jesus beat the sun. s u n the s o n beat the s u n up to fulfill the feast of first fruits. I'll show you that again in a moment. So Jesus fulfilled it by rising on the third day which is Nissan 17 after spending three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. He was the first fruits as the very first to conquer death and to make resurrection possible for all of you and for me. 1 Corinthians 15 20. Let's move a little faster. That'll be on me. But now is Christ. Now is Messiah risen from the dead. And look what the New Testament says. And he has become the what? Say it again. He has become the first fruits of them that slept. Powerful. The first s o n to come to maturity. He got up out of the grave and he beat the su n up over the horizon. That's the God we serve. He conquered death not only for himself but for every one of us. He became the first fruits of those who had died of those who had slept and he has fulfilled every requirement. We look at the word first fruits. It is a parquet in Greek and it means firstlings which is the first lamb or the first cow uh calf that is born firstling or first fruits. It is the first portion of the dough from which sacred loaves were to be prepared. these these loaves of bread that we will talk about at Shàuote at Pentecost. Even the dough, they had to take a a handful of that dough out and offer it unto the Lord before they baked the big beautiful loaves of bread to wave before the Lord. God said, "I want the first I want the first biscuit." I mean, that's what he said here. I I want the first handful of the dough. Somebody said, "Well, that just sounds like a greedy God to me." Folks, he's teaching us something. Honor me first. Yes. Put me first. Worship me first. Seek me first. He said, "The greatest commandment is to love the Lord thy God with all of your heart, with all of your mind, with all of your strength." And the second greatest commandment is not honor the Sabbath. It's not thou shalt not murder. The second greatest commandment is to love thy neighbor as you've loved yourself. That's what Jesus said. We have to love even the unlovable. Can't you say amen? Person superior in excellence to others of the same class. That's also a way that the word aparquet is used in the Greek, meaning one who has risen to the top like the cream of the milk. And I want you to know if anybody ever rose to the top, Yeshua, Jesus, our Messiah, he rose to the top. He was the first creation of God. He was the first created son. And he was perfect in all of his ways. If you believe that, say amen. So, we're looking at Jesus, our first fruits, the risen savior who fulfills the entire word. He does in every way. We've seen him as the Passover lamb slain on Nissan 14 in 1 Corinthians 5:7. It says, "Purge out therefore the old leaven that ye may be a new lump as ye are unleavened, for even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us." We've seen him as our Passover. We've seen him as our unleavened bread. The next verse, 1 Corinthians 5:'8, therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven. This is New Testament. Not with old leavenven, neither with the leavenven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of what? Sincerity and what? Truth. Oh, well, if you're sincere, how many of you understand that sincerity is not the only requirement? Have you ever been sincere and been sincerely wrong? Yes. How long ago? Some of you less than 3 hours. Sincere with what you were doing, but sincerely wrong. Not enough to be sincere. We're bringing the unleaven bread of both sincerity, zeal, passion, and truth. Without truth, your sincerity is without value. If it's not grounded in truth, then to be sincere has no value. But if you're grounded in truth, the the most beautiful thing is to approach him in sincerity. If you understand that, say amen. So we know that he fulfilled the Passover 14. He fulfilled the entire week of the feast of unleavened bread, which is now since second temple period, since New Testament period. The whole week is referred to as Passover. But in the Bible, Passover was only one day. The rest of the week, the feast of unleaven bread. But since the time of Yeshua, it is known as Passover week, which is an entire week. He fulfilled that 14. And the entire week of unleavened bread. Today, we're shouting again because we've seen that he fulfilled the other part. He fulfilled the feast of first fruits. He rose from the dead on Nissan 17, perfectly fulfilling this feast of first fruits. And we have a lot to be thankful for. Israel waved the first barley sheath every year, trusting God for the harvest. It's this concept. If this little bunch, I want you to see this. Look up here. If this little handful of barley got mature, then what about all these other little uh sprouts out here in the field? If God is the God of harvest and the God of creation and the God of agricultural reproduction, then the same God who brought this bundle to full maturity is the same God who knows how to bring the rest of the field to maturity. It's such a prophetic and spiritual concept. You see, the scripture said in the New Testament, he became the first fruits of them that slept. If God is able to raise the son, the sen the Messiah, God man, body dead, deity left, if God is able to refill that body with deity and raise it up out of that grave, the same God is able to do the same for you and I. Should we one day lay here in a box, we can the rest of us who survive can walk out of here knowing that we will meet him again. We will meet her again in a new body. It won't be decrepit. It won't be wrinkled. It won't be arthoritic. It won't be artificial, but it'll be whole. And that same resurrection reminds us that as heroes, first fruits, you and I are going to rise again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yam habikarim. Israel waving this barley proving Jesus doing the same. getting up before the sun, beating the women there, as I told you last week, ringing their hands. Oh, I think Tuesday night I told you they're ringing their hands. Oh, who's going to roll away the stone? We have prepared the spices. We bought them before the first Sabbath. We prepared them after the second Sabbath. And now we're going to bring them. And I said that for those of you who are studying the the the course of events because there's also controversy because two two of the gospels, one gospel says before the Sabbath, one says after the Sabbath and and the the the uh the clarity comes when you realize they were purchased in one gospel. It talks about and they were they were prepared and understand that this wasn't just sprigs of rosemary and uh and time. This was this was aromatic gums, resins, and oils that were used to prepare the body. That takes you've got to get it first, and then you've got to prepare it next. And you want to get there as soon as you can when the Sabbath has ended. So, they get up before the sun rises. They're walking to the tomb. How are we going to roll away the stone? Remember, there wouldn't have been a stone rolled there normally. That happened because they were going to doubt that he was going to rise from the dead. Remember they went to Pilate, they went to Caiaphas and they said he they're going to steal him. The disciples are going to steal him. His followers, his talmade are going to steal him and then tell people that he raised. So you've got to seal the stone and put a a guard of Roman centurions there to guard the tomb. So that really threw a wrench in anointing his body. So they're who is going to roll away the stone. But when they got there, hallelujah, praise God, there were couple of couple of beings of light, shining like the sun who had already been there. Move the stone out of the way. Hallelujah. The body already gone. Mary's looking for him. And he walks up. He's already been to town and back. Read the story. He's already been to town and back. He's been checking on things. I'm ahead of myself. I love it. He's faithful. We don't keep first fruits. We're celebrating Jesus, our Messiah. He's the first fruits. We're seeing his resurrection power through the spirit right now. Nathan stood right here this morning and prayed, "Lord, I thank you that you are changing me." Amen. Somebody said that's a bold statement. It's a right statement. If you believe what the Bible said, you are being changed from strength to strength, from faith to faith, from glory to glory. We ought to testify that we realize God's working in us. Amen. Brother Brandham tells us that we should find Christ in every type, in every shadow, and even on every page of God's written word. And I'm determined to do that as long as I have strength to do so. Are you with me? Good. It's not one yet. In the message perseverant paragraph 13 now we believe the Bible to be God's infallible word we believe that it is the entire revelation of Jesus Christ. So anything after the Bible can only be further understanding of what has already been said in the Bible because the Bible is the entire revelation of Jesus Christ. I I thought only the book of revelation was the revel No. Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, N all the way through the entire Bible, the revelation of Jesus Christ revealing himself in the Old Testament. Say amen. Amen. Say it again, please. By the prophets, God making himself known through his son Christ Jesus. And in him dwelt the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He was the only person in the Godhead. Can you say amen? He was crucified for our sins, died, buried, rose the third day, ascended into heaven, and is back here again in the form of the Holy Spirit. God dwelling, one time God above us in Christ, God with us, and now that is so rich. That is one rich paragraph. That's one you ought to read again. It's God. This is It gets even a little richer. It gets a little richer. And it's God working his way the rest of the paragraph. It's God working his way back into man. That's what it was from the beginning. God finding a way to get back into man. I'm glad I'm a part of that plan. I wished you were here. I hope you're here. I pray you're here to be worshiped through man. Yes. God's agency. What's God's agency? Man. God wanted to work in man. He wanted to work through man because man is God's agency. God does nothing outside of a man being his agent, his helper. Can you say amen to that? And that's a woman, too. Oh, yes. It'll be quiet. You know, if you believe what the prophet said, mother is the fifth gospel. Unless mother's a man. Sometimes it might have had to be that way. But unless mother's a man, that means that God's word can live in the heart of a woman. And God can use her for her family, for her neighbor, for her church sisters. Praise God. And then in the message awakening Jesus, we won't do a lot of these in tempe the end of that large paragraph it said it's the word that's God's program the complete someone say complete complete the complete revelation of what he was what he is and what he will be this is a this is 63 this is a good It's a continual revelation of Jesus Christ and a complete revelation of Jesus Christ. Is this Bible? Bible. Bible. We're not trying to take away from the message, but we are I am absolutely trying to tell you that the Bible presents the revelation of Jesus Christ in its entirety and it and it alone becomes the absolute. It's the only way it can be. You can't keep reissuing absolutes because then you don't know what to pick up and what to lay down. So God has given us an absolute and upon that absolute he gives greater understanding, greater revelation. But if you believe what the messenger said, you believe that when that seventh angel comes and the messenger is chosen to speak on his behalf, he will not have some message that is to be identified with him or his name. He said in fact he will have no message of his own. It will be his responsibility to take the loose ends of all the other messengers in ages and weave them together. It's already there. It's already written. But man's doctrine has divided it and we misunderstood it. And so we needed a weaver. We needed a tishbite under the anointing of an Elijah who would come. Not the Elijah, but a but the anointing, the spirit and power of a of an Elijah, of a Tishbite, who would weave together these loose ends from all the other ages like the second person of the Trinity and all these other outlandish like Easter Sunday and all these other outlandish things that that are not found anywhere in the entirety of scripture from Genesis to Revelation. We needed someone. He said, "I have come to separate paganism from Christianity." That's a pretty big responsibility right there. Too bad he's not here to do it in his churches today because they're no longer separated. The the Christianity and the paganism has run back together right here at the last days. There has to be a final sweep now. God has to raise up a people who won't bend or bow. Hello. Who won't bend or bow. Some Mach, some Shadrach, some Abednego somewhere who will say, "I love him too much to bow my knee to him. I can't worship him. He's my brother." Then off to the fiery furnace. Believe me, I can testify that's where you land. If you won't bow to the image of the prophet, you'll find yourself in the furnace and the and the and the uh clicks will turn up the heat 15, 20, 30 times hotter. But that's okay because there's always going to be a people somewhere, a holy remnant that say, "I don't care what the trend is. I love him too much to call him Lord. I love him too much to call him the absolute. I love him too much to make everything he said thus sayaith the Lord when I know that if that were the case he contradicted himself and God never contradicts himself. I'm going to honor and respect and thank God for the gift but I'm only going to bow to Jesus Christ. That's just what the apostles said. And it worked for them because standing in the midst of the fiery furnace, I don't know who this dude is, the king said. But if I had to guess, I see one down there who is walking around, not three. Didn't we? Didn't we throw three men into the furnace? That's right. Oh, king. You know it's true. He said, "Well, then what is this I see? There are four men and they're no longer bound. They're walking all around. And this pagan, heathen, ungodly king said, "And the fourth man is like unto the son of God." Who told that filthy king that God had a son? It must have come by a moment of inspiration. A moment of revelation. So we read just a moment ago Leviticus 23:10-11. You shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest and he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted for you. Number one, the first sheath. It represents Jesus who is the first to rise. The first fruits sheath was cut at the end of the Sabbath, Nissan 17, which would be early morning Sunday. It was barley. It was the initial harvest. It was the first to ripen. It was inspected for acceptance. It was ordered to God as a pledge of more to come. In Genesis 37:7, I'm not going to read it, but in Genesis 37:7, we learn that prophetically a sheath can already represent a person. How many of you remember the dream of of uh of of that of the time of Joseph? And do you remember that in that dream uh the the brother sheaves were bowing down to to to his sheath persons giving obesence to one who had risen to the top. The cream had risen to the top of the milk. And so the sheath although it is a bundle of grain it can represent even a person or a ministry in scripture. The Bible calls Jesus the firstborn son. Look at Isaiah 42:1. Behold my servant whom I uphold, mine elect, in whom my soul delightth. I have put my spirit upon him. He shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles. He shall not cry nor lift up nor cause his voice to be heard in the street. A bruised reed. He shall not break in the smoking flax shall he not quench. He shall bring forth judgment unto truth. He shall not fail nor be discouraged till he hath set judgment in the earth and the isles shall wait for his law. Thus saith the God the Lord. He that created the heavens and stretched them out. He that spread forth the earth and that which cometh out of it. He that giveth breath unto the people upon it and spirit to them that walk therein. If you read that, wouldn't you think that God's got everything under control? Got everything under control. So, he was not the only son to rise, but he was the first son, the perfect son, the chosen son. Look at Romans 8:29. Let's go quickly. I know you're ready. For whom he did forno, he also did to be conformed to the image of his son, the first fruits of them which slept, that he might be the firstborn. Not the only son, the first son. Look at it in the amplified. For those whom he forneew of whom he was aware and loved beforehand, he also destined from the beginning. for ordaining them to be molded into the image of his son and share inwardly his likeness that he might become the firstborn among many brethren. My God, that's why I remember the feast of first fruits. That's why I celebrate that instead of Ishtar. I celebrate the feast of first fruits because because he raised I can raise Because he came to maturity, I can come to maturity. Because he beat the su, I can beat the su n. I don't have to fall victim to Roman religion, I can stay clean. If you understand that, say, amen. It's got to be your best. Numbers 18:12. All the best of the oil, the best of the wine and of the wheat, the first fruits of them which they shall offer unto the Lord, them have I given thee. the first fruits is not uh the first that uh you know is not good. So if you're giving God the first lamb, you're not giving God the crippled lamb. You're waiting on another one. I mean, I'm just saying what the scripture says. If you're bringing God the barley, the first barley, you're not bringing him worming barley, you're not bringing him molded barley, even though it was the first to come to maturity, the scripture is clear. It's to be the best of the oil, the best of the wine, the best of the wheat. That's why I say even your tithe should come from the entire amount because you're giving God from the beginning what he has blessed you. Best oil, best wine, best olives, the first fruits of them which they shall offer unto the Lord. them have I given thee. That's a prophetic statement concerning what God's looking for in our first fruits. And then look at John 3:16. If you don't know this, where have you been all your life? For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. What did God do? He cared enough not to send his very best. He cared enough to come and be the very best son that the world had ever known. If you're giving God the best oil, the best wine, the best of the wheat, the best of the barley, the best of the pomegranate, the best the best olive, the best date, the best honey, the best almond, then then God said, I'm going to match the first fruits and I if he's going to fulfill if the resurrection of of my son is going to fulfill the feast of first fruits, I'm going to send the very best I have. I want you to remember this. Jesus was the first son to come to maturity, not the last son, not the only son. Are you Are you okay with me reading a little more? Good. I'm glad because it's not time to stop just yet. If you need to slip out, if you've got some big uh Easter buffet waiting on you somewhere uh and you need to slip out, I totally understand. But I'm not done just yet. In the message, it is the rising of the sun. in paragraph 83. I like to look at this. This is powerful. If you've never heard this sermon, you should hear it before you go to bed tonight. In fact, it's one of the most powerful sermons on the resurrection and what God's purpose in his bride is for the last days that you've ever heard. It's powerful. I preached it the last time I was in Ghana. And I'm telling you, the building, the roof of the building nearly lifted on what would have been called Easter Sunday. The building nearly shook. It was so powerful. The people so blessed to hear these words. Listen to them for a moment. He said, "If there would be any holy ritual, it should come forth on the Sabbath day," which was the seventh day of the week, which is Saturday. What day did Brother Brandham say the Sabbath was in the scripture? Saturday. So, back off. But did you notice in this memorial, he wasn't to wave it on the Sabbath? He was to wave it on the first day of the week. That was the Sunday paragraph 84. The sheath. You know what a sheath is, don't you? You know, you see these at Never mind. I just had images of jacko'lanterns and even the sheath is hijacked or harvest festivals. These message churches will go all out and have these big harvest festivals. If they hear that somebody's preaching on first fruits or Passover, they spin around like some kind of dime, dizzy dime while they uh will adopt these other festivals to celebrate and party and have good times and reject the feast of the Lord and make fun of those who would even mention them by name. Something is seriously wrong. I thought paganism was to be separated from Christianity. The sheath which was the first of your seed that you planted when it comes up and ripened. You cut down the sheath. You take it to the priest. You let him take it and wave it before the Lord for your acception that you are accepted. You have come with your sheath and he is to wave it before the Lord. Aren't you thankful that you don't have to come and bring your sheath to your priest. You don't have to come and bring the sheath to your prophet, to your pastor, to your evangelist. You can bring your own sheath now. And you can wave it before the Lord in worship. That's what you're doing. When you come to God's house and give him more, some some people aren't even made to do such a thing. They're they're they're so, you know, created so docile, so dignified that if if they break forth to do that, you can say, "My, they're really coming out of their mold." You should come out of your mold. You should come out of your shell. You should thank God. You don't have to find a priest somewhere to give your offering to the Lord. You can give it to him. You don't even have to wait till you get to church. You can praise him on the way. Please keep one hand on the steering wheel at all times. But we have gi been given this great grace to give God an offering all the time. Every day, every day of the week, no matter what the time is, you're still here. Let him take it and wave it before the Lord. Not on the Sabbath, but the seventh day. on the fir which is the Sabbath seventh day but on the first day which we call Sunday s u n d a y and remember it has been so named to remember the oh let me just let brother Brandham say it excuse me of course that's a Roman word which they called it the Sunday for the so we're going to get up very early on Sunday and we're going to have a sunrise service and we're going to turn our faces toward the sun su n when the s o n is the one who has risen and he can get up at 11 o'clock when you come to church. You didn't have to lose sleep to come and worship him today. Didn't you all used to do that, brother Shelley? Absolutely we did. We wanted to be right in every way, but we certainly didn't wait till it was daylight to do it. We came when it was dark. We came some years when it was so cold my teeth were rattling in my head. I loved every moment of it, every second of it. I love the fact that it interrupted life. I did. Those were the days where we would go to church. We'd spend couple hours out here. We'd go to Hardies for a biscuit. We'd go to church in Columbus and stay about 5 hours. We'd eat lunch together in the fellowship hall, come back that night and have about another five hours. Don't talk to me about having your life interrupted. I know what it's all about. So when I read and I began to understand that that's not something that I had to do, needed to do, or the Lord wanted me to do, I just marked it off. It was a hard hard decision because one of the brothers who was worshiping with us at the time, he really met the Lord on one of those services. I said, "You don't ever have to forget that. You can testify to it. We were doing all we knew to do. It's not to condemn others. We're not doing it." No, no, no. Just be glad that God met you. But the same God that met you there could have met you anywhere. If you belong to him, he's going to find you. He said it's not the su anymore. It's the s day. So, we're coming on the s day. Today is Sunday. S O N that the corn of wheat, God's first one up from the dead, it would be barley at this time of year, doesn't matter, is to be waved over the congregation that we are. Say that one more time. Doesn't that have a lovely ring to it? And that's the first of the seed of those that slept waved upon the first day of the week. He's driving that home, isn't he? Yes. On Sunday, he raised up, waved goodbye, and ascended up on high in the presence of the people. Why stand ye here gazing? Isn't that what they said? This same Jesus, somebody thinks that'll preach, don't you? This same Jesus that you see taken from your side, don't you worry, in like manner will return. Do you believe that still that the same Jesus who resurrected at first fruits and ascended into the heavenlies will return again to the same place? Zechariah tells us he's coming right back to the same place in the second coming. His feet will touch down on the Mount of Olives. One half of the mountain goes that way. One half of the mountain goes that way. Jesus left here with an earthquake. He comes back with an earthquake. Powerful, isn't it? I got to go on. I'm having so much fun. Now, notice it was the first corn of God's wheat that had been raised from the dead. God's first corn of wheat. And he's saying corn in the sense of the kernel of life, the seed, the kernel of the seed. By God's quickening power, God had quickened his life, raised him up from the dead, and he was the first. Don't you let them hear you using that term, first fruits. They'll think you're trying to be a Jew. First fruits of those that slept, the first fruit. He was the chief. He was the chief chief, wasn't he? He said, "Notice it was the first corn of God's wheat." Verse 89, uh, excuse me, paragraph 89. Now, that's why they had to wave that sheath for it was the first one that come to maturity. It was waved as a memorial of thanksgiving to God, believing, hear this, hear this, believing that the rest of them would come. It was a and today because he was the first son of God s o n to come to full maturity to be in God. He was plucked up from the earth waved over the people. Oh, what a glorious lesson by the quickening power. The first one although he had been typed and many times as we'll see later typed but this was really the first fruit of them that slept he was waved over. Hallelujah. Forgive me. Forgive me. Praise God. He was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. Woo. And all the little seed can look up and say, "Hey, somebody said, are you crazy?" No. The scripture talks about it, doesn't it? Reigns on just and unjust. Brother Brandham had that experience. the little the little seed the the real the real grain lifted up its hand. Praise the Lord. And so did the the false seed, the shuck, the rest of it. Uh the tears. I'm coming to it in a minute. They all thank God for the rain. I'm thankful. I'm so thankful. Well, I can just lift up my hand in my head and I can say if the if the Jesus Christ, the first s o n came to maturity, the same God, the same spirit that brought him to maturity is the same God, the same spirit that I'm depending on to bring me to maturity, did not the scripture say, if that same spirit that raised Jesus from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body, it'll do the same for knew that it did for him. Yes. Hallelujah. He was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. Paragraph 91. Sorry, I just see that I didn't separate the paragraph. He was waved at the day of Pentecost when there came a sound from heaven like a waving mighty rushing wind and was waved over the people, the Pentecostal people that was up at Pentecost waiting for the blessing to come. Now, he's talking about the same concept of first fruits. This happens 50 days later at Shàuote, but the concept of the first fruits is the same. The concept is exactly the same. And when he's preaching on first fruits, he goes back and forth between the feast. If that upsets anybody, I'm so sorry. What can I say? He was a man. He was a human. He was a human. He was not infallible. He was fallible like all of us. The whole concept that God has to use a perfect prophet is is absolutely ridiculous because he didn't even have perfect disciples. How could he have No, no, no. He uses the broken. He uses the cracked pots. He uses those who don't even have an eighth grade uh uh uh grammar school education. He uses those who will say yes. So, if he somehow grabs the wrong feast, is that going to throw you for a loop? I don't think so. Are you going to throw the baby out because the bathwater got dirty? I don't think so. He was waved over the promised seed, this Pentecostal bless. He said, "And to be waved again, we realize in the last day according to Luke 17:30, in the sen day again, in the day of the Sen, son of man, when he will be revealed, waved again over the people." He's talking about another mature son who comes at the end time, not perfect in humanity, but matured in faith, obedient to the end. Thank God we've seen it. Yes. You can say amen. Amen. Or me. If all the teaching that we have, he said, "Now, who is the son of man? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God." Please don't come and tell me that brother Brandon was the son of man. He was not the son of man. He could not have been the son of man. He was what all the other prophets are, a son of man who came to reveal the son of man. The son of man is Jesus ministering in a prophetic form. Not as savior but as a prophet. Remember, he comes in three entire different manifestations. Son of man, son of God, son of David. So, brother Brandham is not the son of man. My goodness, have you lost it? He was a son of man, which is a prophet. He tells us that, revealing the son of man, Lord Jesus Christ. So now we have a son of man coming to maturity because he has yielded his life to the son of man. How do you think you and I are going to come to maturity? Aren't we also sons and daughters of men? How are we going to ever come by yielding our life to the son of man? You may not know it. I don't say it uh too too often, but that's good preaching. I'll just tell you right now. I wish that we could find that balance and stay there. He said Luke 17th chapter 30th verse Malachi 4 different scriptures that we're acquainted with that word again the word again the word again the word again the word again the son of man is the word of God again in the form of a man that's what it is the people that the dead traditions of man is dead the son of God is alive again with the baptism of the Holy Spirit right among us and is giving us as Christ was was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth also typed in many places. He was the first fruits of those that slept in the bride coming of Christ. Hear it. In the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church, there'll have to be a sheath waved again in the last days. What does that say? We now have a perfect sheath so we can sit down and do nothing. No, it says my my my my, there's hope for me. Oh, if God can do it again in the end time and bring a people to perfection, if God can bring a prophet all the way through to maturity so that he has authority to speak the spoken word and watch God create what he speaks. Not so that we can stand in awe and talk about how great that is. But so that we can say if God did it for him, hallelujah. I could use a little spoken word manifestation in my own life. I've got a condition, an ailment, a this or that, a problem. I need this. I prevent, you know, we have needs. Recognize the wave sheath. Watch and see what God has done. And then believe with all your heart that if he did it one generation ago, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, he can do it again. Even in our day, we've got to go home. My I feel good now. Waving of the sheath. Woo! Praise God. The first one that come to mature, the first one that proved it was a wheat, that proved it was a sheath. Hallelujah. He said, I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. Waved over the people. And the first time there will come forth for the bride age, for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism. So what do we do in the end time? We marvel back again at the denominations. We start patterning our services again just like the denominations. We start raising up programs and committees just like the denominations. We start adapting all of the mixed worship. Eggs on the altar, Christmas trees on the platform. No sir. We've been resurrected out of dark denominationalism. Somebody said, "Aren't you just condemning everybody else?" Listen, if preaching what is true causes someone else to look condemned, I'm not the judge here. I'm just going to say what the word says. He said we'll be a message. I thank God for it. That the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that they did back there. It used to be something that we were looking for the finality and the consummation of it. We believed that God had done it in seed form in the ministry of brother Brandham. That's what everybody I knew 30 years ago believed. But as the years go by and people get tired of waiting, they started deciding all of a sudden. We already know everything we need to know about the seventh seal. We already know everything we need to know about the thunders. We already know everything. Why the prophet, he gave it all to us. We It's all finished. It's all done. And now we've got a problem. We're losing generations of kids back to the world. back to denomination. Now they're raising up a and accusing their own parents of being cults. [Music] Something is seriously wrong. If God did it, he can do it again. If God brings people back to the absolute one time, he can do it again. If God drops a plum line once, he can do it again. In fact, the prophet prophesied and told us that there is to be an installment of revelation that comes in every generation. No longer a one-man ministry. That's finished. No longer a messenger of an seventh angel. That's finished. But a generation, a Joshua generation with a draash with a double portion of Elijah's spirit. Amen. Who wait on the Lord, who understand the important I'm going to say this, who understand the importance of the bride's revival, who understand the importance of knowing exactly what was underneath those thunders when they sounded. And even though now they come back and tell us that was the virtues that were preached during the seals during which which he didn't preach the virtues in the seals, he preached the virtues in the church ages. But they come and tell us now that's what was in the thunder every time a message came forth that had to be what what was in the Then why is it at the end of the church ages and at the end of the seals? He's still saying we don't know it yet. We have we don't see it yet. It hasn't come to us yet. And the first time there'll come forth for that bride will be a message that the full mater go on go on go on go on by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. Because I lived, ye also live. Speaking to his wife, bridegroom to bride. Because I live, you also live. I'm hurrying. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is. to be quickened from the dead, to be made alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. He was waved to them. The word which he was was waved back to them on the day of Pentecost. The word made manifest. Now, as I say, it's to be waved again. I'm just going to I'm just I'm going to stop on point 2345. I'll do it another time, but I'm going to finish this quotation. I'm going to skip to 107 when I'm done. The musicians are coming. We may be the only church in the country that has less people on egg Sunday. Youth people, young people going to camp, etc., etc., etc. Sort of always been that way. If you can't give them what they want, if there's no Easter lilies on the altar and you see it's not Jesus folks are attracted to, it's the warm and fuzzies. That's right. People could care less that it at the end of the year supposed to be his birthday. They could care less. That's not what they're coming together. You know that they're coming together for the warm and fuzzies. If you'd come to Jesus, get full of the Holy Ghost, you can have warm and fuzzies every time you meet in his presence. If there's no Easter lilies, if there's no decorated cross, if there's no this, that, or the other, what's the use in even making the extra effort? Because Jesus is alive and he's going to be alive next Sunday and next Sunday and and tomorrow. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. The S so o day is here. Paragraph 107. He said, is that right? Did I? Yeah. There was the first chief. This is just about 20 minutes of the sermon. I'm sorry, but I I I added this this morning. I'm sitting at the dining room table. I'm up at 6:30. I'm I've already had a shower. I've already uh put my toupe on. I've already done everything that I'm going to do for the service. except except my church clothes. I'm still in I put my pajamas back on and I'm sitting at the dining room table and I'm thinking, "How in the world will I get all this in? I need three services, not one." And here I felt the quickening come on these quotations. I'm trying to trim them down. And here I'm adding another dozen. I just can't help myself. There was the first chief come up from all the prophets which was the son of God the king of all prophets. There has been churches, churches, brides, brides, churches, brides, brides. You get it? Those poor little women stripped of their street clothes, placed in bridal robes, a wedding band placed on their hand, mostly usually young virgin girls never been married as part of initiations into certain orders of nuns laid in a coffin. If you believe the testimony of Sister Charlotte, and I do, by the way, Josiah, there's you a Charlotte. God saved her life out of the Roman Catholic Church. She laid all night. Excuse me. She laid all night. It's a symbol in the Catholicism of being dead to the world. She lays all night in a coffin. In some cases, we're told the lid shut. I'm telling you that would be the end of my religious commitment. If you think I'm going to lay all night with the lid of a casket closed, I had better not know it when you close it. You hear me? Or you're going to have a video to show on Facebook for eternity cuz I am coming out of there. I cannot imagine. And she lay there giving her life to this order, whipped at Easter, flagagillated. The mother's superior is chosen to in certain orders of the nuns to to whip them because they are suffering for Christ. Somebody said, "Does that go on?" It goes on in Central America right now. It goes on in Mexico. It goes on in South America. There probably places in America where it goes on that every Good Friday, good Catholics are flagagillated to represent their commitment and suffering for Christ. Can you imagine such a thing? Bleeding, broken, and she is so bound. She is so brainwashed. She is so deceived. She hides the secrets. In the 80s, I was in Puerto Rico preaching and they took us to where a resort was being built in San Juan and it was being built over a place where a monastery and a nunnery had been for many, many, many years. They're digging the swimming pool and lo and behold, what do they find? Hundreds of babies bones. Full skeletons of small babies. Dozens and dozens of them hid in the earth underneath. And a Catholic guide hung his head when I asked, "What is that?" Because there were little crosses put in rows where the swimming pool was going to be eventually. And he hung his head as a Roman Catholic guide. And he said, "I'm sorry to tell you, there were dozens of little baby bones found there." I said, "Where did those babies come from? How could there have been that many babies die in a in a monastery where celibate priests live and a and a nunnery where celibate nuns live? And he said, I can I can tell you or leave it to your imagination. I said, I've already got an imagination. Now tell me what it means. He said they were the product of of illicit relationships that took place between the priest and the nuns. And the little babies, some of them born fullterm, suffocated to hide, to cover the lies of religion. And you want to get your nose bent out of shape a little bit. If I preach a little hard, then we've got to know what we believe and stand on truth. Is anybody with me? Come on. There is a real, there is a genuine, there is an apostolic faith that's worth dying for. And it ain't that mess. That's right. Oh, that's rough. You are so mean. Forgive me. I I'm just mean by nature, I guess, without his help. He said, "But there has to come one." Why'd you say all that? Cuz brother Bam said, "Bride, bride, bride." Because the she said we were doing that because we were told that if we followed through, if we slept on this board instead of a mattress, if we lay all night like that, if we did this, that or the other, we would become the brides of Christ. And here's a room full of people who who believe claim right here today that they are the bride of Christ. and they've not had to sleep one night on a hard wood board perhaps or lay all night in a coffin with a wedding band on your hand for someone to all of a sudden tell you you're the bride of Christ. Aren't you glad that he paid the price with his own blood? Aren't you glad that he redeemed us and saved us, justified us, sanctified us, filled us with his life, called us his own and we didn't have to go, we didn't have to quote the Apostles Creed, and we didn't have to Oh my goodness. There has to come one. Hallelujah. There has to come a real bride. There must come one that's not only got the mechanics. Oh, I thought you'd shout. I thought somebody would holler something. But the dynamics of it makes the church live, move in the power of his resurrection. Until we come to that place, until we find that place, what good does it do us to polish the hubs? What good does it do us to give her a facelift or a simonized job when there's no dynamics? He's talking about a car. No matter how much the mechanics proves it to be right, there has to be dynamics to make it work. He said that's what he proved. Hallelujah. He said that's what Easter proved. I'm going to say that's what first fruits proved. He wasn't only the word. He was God himself. The dynamics in the word that made the word that made the body of Jesus Christ cold, stiff, dead in the grave, shake into life and rise again and roll away the stone. He said, "I am he that was dead." Praise be to God. so dead till the sun said he was dead. The moon said he was dead, the stars said he was dead. All nature said he was dead. And now the whole world has to recognize, praise his holy name, that he's alive again. He was not only the mechanics, God's word, he was the dynamics to prove it. And as he being the groom, the bride has to come forth cuz it's part of him. And it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations. Any others has spoke of the bride. It can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. If it does something different from the groom, it isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life. Power. Power of his power. She is him. Poor English. Powerful. Earthshattering truth. Who else could she be? Bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, life of his life, power of his power. Who else could she be? She has to be a part of him. Separated from him like Eve was taken from Adam. A sphere went inside. Spear went inside his side. Blood and water came out. It was the separation. It was the separation. Thanks be to God. A man and a woman are one and women taken from the side from his side. She had taken a spirit, the feminine spirit from him, the flesh from his side, made both mechanics and dynamics. The wife, the spirit of him and the flesh of him, and put it together and made mechanics and dynamics. All these Easter bunnies and ceremonies, church, big churches and finery will fail and pass away. What are some of these folks going to do if they get that far? And we mark all of these beautiful things that God did and there's not one mention of the warm and fuzzy things that we hold to instead of holding to Jesus. What are you going to do in heaven when there's no bunny? What are you going to do in heaven when there's no tree? What are you going to do in heaven when there's no Santa Claus? What are you going to Are you still going to remember his birth? Are you still going to remember his resurrection? You're still going to remember his death when there are no crucifixes hanging around to remind us. Come on. He said, "Until the church becomes the both dynamics and mechanics and the spirit of God that moved him to do the things he did. If he if he hit on 16 cylinders, so will the bride. For he said in John 14:12, he that believeth on me the works that I do, woo, shall he do also. I'll give him a change of my dynamics in his charge. I'll give him a charge of my dynamics in his mechanics that the world will not be able to withstand it. It'll raise him up again the last day. He said that's the Easter message. I'm going to say that's the first fruits message. I don't like saying that. I'm sorry. I don't like saying that over and over again. It's the first fruits message. The dynamics and the mechanics together. The mechanics without the dynamics. No good. Neither the dynamics without the mechanics. Few more. Few more. Sorry. You can scream and shout and jump up and down if you want to and deny the word and it won't do you any good. You're just cranking around. Pistons got the spark there to fire but no gasoline to fire it by. It'll only work as they come together. Amen. So how Jason, you ought to be jumping up and down. Mechanic. Brother Truman ought to be spinning around the room. These these mechanics I don't even know what some of this stuff is firing on 16 cylinder. all this talk but to those but I get it I may not can you know show you on the car where it happens but it happens you said just cranking around here it'll only work as they come together so one will sit still and the other one will go up that's the only thing there is to it yeah they both must look alike might look alike both claim to be churches both claim to be bride but one has the mechanics and the dynamics it brings it to pass of what he said in the truth it just won't move it won't move. It won't move no matter how good the mechanics is until the dynamics come. When the dynamics come, that fire is made to connect with that octane in the gasoline. And when that explodes, it causes a combustion. And that combustion moves every motion, every move. For he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the resurrection. He said that's the real power of God. Mechanics and dynam with the dynamics. No. If that spirit that quickens, it's the spark that fires. It's not the gas that fires. It's the spark that fires the gas. One more. The last one. Come get ready to worship Benjamin in your pink jacket. You can do nothing without me, but with me, he said, you can do all. And he as he is the word it's the father living. Father sent me so send I you. As the father has fired me and pushed me into everything. I do only that which is pleasing to God. This is what he said. Now as he sent me so send I you with the same mechanics. And it takes the same dynamics to operate it. And these signs shall follow them that claim to have the the mechanics. No he said the dynamics will take the place. It's not claiming. It's possessing. So, we're here today thankful. You know, people say things like, "Well, it don't matter what day it what you call." It matters to me. Okay? It don't matter to most people, but it matters to me. But the reality is he lives. He lives. He lives. I the tomb of Buddha, the tomb of Muhammad, even the tomb of Peter. Why? Poor Peter's not even in his own tomb. But most of the great men who came and took a big following, if there's anything left of their bones or their ashes, just dust, they're right where they were laid. But I want you to know this Jesus that we serve, hallelujah, his tomb is empty. It will forever remain empty. Christians can't even agree on where he's buried. The Catholics, the Orthodox, the Coptics, the Greek Orthodox, they all have him inside the city. Even though the scripture tells us he died without the camp. He died on the outside of the city, it's very unlikely he was brought into the old walls of the city to be buried, particularly under a place where Queen Helena would build this great monument to his resurrection. But if you've ever been to Jerusalem and you've stood in the Garden of Gethsemane and you have been in that empty tomb, I don't care. I'll be honest, I don't care if he ever lay there or not. The reality is he laid somewhere in a borrowed tomb, but there's something in the depth of me that tells me I'm in the spot. I'm in the place. It fits scripture and it fits so many different historical events down through the ages. And if you've ever peeked in that room, you'll know there's nothing there. He's gone. And there's a sign engraved on the door that simply says, "He is risen." And I am so thankful that he has risen and he lives in the hearts of his people. If you believe that, say, "Amen." Amen. Let's stand and worship the Lord before we go home today. [Music] [Music] And father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. And father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side, just holding your hand. So let your kingom come, Lord. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. All I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the [Music] king. And father, I hear it growing louder. It's the song of the redeemed. As the saints from every nation, they're awakening to sing. Oh, and from our heart there comes an anthem to hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Oh, a song to our king. And let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. We sing to you, oh king. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of the redeemed. As the saints of every nation, they're awakening to sing. Oh, and from our heart there comes an anthem. Oh, to hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Oh, a song to our king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, we sing to you, O king. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Oh, in Christ alone will I glory, though I could pride myself in battles won. I've been blessed beyond measure and by his strength alone I overcome. And oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. But those trophies could not equal to the grace by which I stand. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, oh let it be said of me then my source of strength. You're my source of hope is Christ alone. In Christ alone will I glory. For only by his strength I am redeemed. Yes. Yes. And only his tender mercy could reach beyond my weakness to my need. And now I seek no greater honor than just to know him more and to count my gains but losses to the glory of my Lord. In Christ alone I place all my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, oh let it be said of me that my source of strength. You are my source of hope is Christ alone. I place my trust and I find my glory in the power of the cross. Oh, in every victory, please let it be said of me that my source of strength. You are my source of hope is Christ alone. I place all my trust and I find my glory in the power of the cross. in every victory. Oh, let it be said of me that my source of strength. Lord, you are my source of hope is Christ [Music] alone. In Christ alone will I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. And only his tender mercy could reach beyond my weakness to my need. And now I seek no greater honor than just to know him more. and to count my gains but losses to the glory of my Lord. In Christ alone I place all my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. in every victory. Oh, let it be said of me that my source of strength. Lord, you are my source of hope. It's Christ alone. I know this is like an anthem, but I want the music to go soft and I want to hear your voices singing. Do you do you understand the importance of what we're singing in Christ alone in nothing else? Not in a sister's dresses. not in all the uniforms and the things that we are convicted of and the things that we choose to do differently than the world. But our trust is in none of those things because you can do all of that. You can be sincere in all of your lifestyle choices. And if Christ is not your source of strength, and if you're sharing it with your pastor or sharing it with a prophet or sharing it with someone else, you're missing the mark. It's in Christ alone that we trust. We certainly don't trust ourselves. I want to hear your voices. I got a feeling you can do this really nice. I don't know what I got a feeling that you can do this really nice. I want to hear you sing it again. The music can be there but just not so predominant. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory. Woo! Let it be said of me. And my source of strength. You're my source of hope is Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. And my source of strength and my source of hope is Christ alone. One last time. One last time. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory let it be said of me my source of strength. Lord, you are my source of hope. Is Christ the [Music] Lord. Lord Jesus, we we just love you supremely above all things. You're so good to us. Would you just hold still a minute and we want to pray. We want to anoint Alana in prayer and ask the Lord to just finish his healing work in her body. And she, like Cindy, is still grieving. She has lost her husband and her world is upside down and she's been streaming our services when she can. She's recovering from serious surgery. And uh she wanted to be prayed for. And I was up there kicking myself because I I looked back and they were gone. And I'm thinking, you should have just stopped early. And as I started stretching around up there, I saw they were over here. And I said, "Oh, thank you, Lord. Would you reach your hands this way as we pray for her? Father, how we thank you that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. You change not. She came today with a desire that we would join our faith with hers and we would ask you to come and be Jehovah Rafa, the Lord God who heals all of our diseases and infirmities. Thank you for a good surgeon. Thank you for for a successful surgery. But Lord, we know that healing lies alone in you. And if this body does what you created it to do, it's because of you. It's because of your quickening power. So I pray, I pray, elo in the name of Jesus that you would manifest such healing, bearing the pain, oh God, and giving quick healing to this body. Yes. In the name of Jesus, draw her, Lord, right up under your arm. Yes, Lord. Let her lay her head on your shoulder and find refuge and hope and peace in you. Would you pour oil on her broken heart? Would you heal, Lord? Her life of course forever altered but Lord what a moment for you to come and be everything that she needs in this hour. Thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you Lord for the for the great effort that she made to come. Jesus manifest yourself I pray in the name of Jesus. Praise God. Praise God. That's our privilege. We love you. [Music] Thank you. If you have a need, just lift your hands to him. Lord, you're our source. You are our supply. You are all that we need. It's all found in you. We thank you for doctors. We thank you for their medicine. We thank you for their care. But Lord, again, we recognize that if healing comes, it's because of you. Would you touch every person here who needs help in their body and those streaming the service, those who have spiritual needs, would you meet them here today, Lord? Encourage the discouraged. Help the cold in heart to find a fire again. Help the backslider to make you Lord of all again. If we have not been passionately in love with you for a while, stir our hearts. May we see you in your beauty and may that inspire us to long for you. We thank you for choosing us when we didn't even know yet to choose you. We get a little stirred in times like this, but there's no condemnation in my heart for anybody who doesn't know any better. I pray for those who who don't know better, who don't know the fullness of who you are in your word, that you would reach them, sincere hearts, precious loved ones, reach them with the full manifestation of who you are. And may they flee to you. May they run to you with every fiber of their being. Those who have not yet been baptized in your lovely name, may they may they obey you. Yes. Let that be the beginning of a journey of discovery. May we leave here today with not just mechanics under our belt, but may we leave here knowing that you have also placed your dynamics in us. Bless these people for every sacrifice they've ever made for your name, for this house. Lord, bless these sweet children who love to come and worship your name. Lord, we ask for sister Flo to find perfect strength and health. And may she go and be a blessing. We know what she can do for an atmosphere. We pray that her life will shine. Yes. Lord, you put the right person beside her all the way. Yes. Give her the right word and may she come home. Oh, she might be a little tired, but may she come home refreshed. Lord, Lord, watch over those traveling right now to get home. Our precious young people. They've stuck pretty close together. I've been blessed to have some amazing pictures sent to me of them and they went through the prayer line last night and received a touch from you. May they come home and feed their experience. Yes. May they come home and be a just a blast of strength for all of us. We leave this house very very happy to have been in your presence. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saints said God bless you as you leave here today. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength. You're my source of hope. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory let it be said of me. My source of strength. You are my source of hope in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. God bless you as you in every victory. Let it be said of me. my source of strength. You are my source of hope in Christ alone. Oh, in Christ alone will I glory. Though I could prize myself in battles won. You read the limelight. You read the limelight. Though I've been blessed. beyond measure and by his strength alone I overcome. This is important in my mind. Oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. [Music] But those trophies could not equal the grace by which I stand in Christ alone. God bless you, buddy. I'm playing.
