################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Emptied to Be Refined The Process of the Pouring - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    Emptied to Be Refined: The Process of the Pouring — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ndFt6vNOqQ
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven L. Shelley delivers a compelling sermon on Proverbs 6:31, revealing how Satan as thief must restore sevenfold what he has stolen from believers’ lives. The message weaves together divine restoration principles with vineyard imagery, showing how God’s sanctification process transforms believers from grapes to wine fit for the King’s cup. Addressing both immediate financial struggles and long-term spiritual maturity, this sermon calls believers to actively pursue divine restitution while embracing the crushing and cleansing process that prepares them for greater kingdom service.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] to me. [Music] Oo. And when you be free from your burden of sin, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. When you glory, you fell a victory with there's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And when you be free from your passion and pride, there's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calvar's time. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. How would you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in blood. Sin states are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's a wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, a wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now when you do service for Jesus your king, there's power in the blood. Oh power in the blood. When you live daily, his praises to sing. There's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, one working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Will you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Come forth a cleans into Calvary. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power. Power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now wouldn't you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in his lifegiving flow. There's a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Well, are you washed in that blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Well, are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well, are you fully trusting in his grace? This hour. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And are you washed? In that blood, in that soul, cleansing blood of the lamb. Well, are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Or do you rest each moment in the sanctified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in that blood? soul cleansing blood of the lamb and all your garments spotless are they white as soul marking in the blood of the lamb when bright cometh will your robes be white in the blood of the lamb and will your soul be ready for that nur in the blood Where are you washed in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Lay aside your garments that are stained with sin and beed in the blood of the lamb. For there's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I'm here to wash in that blood [Music] of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? [Music] Are you in the blood of the lamb? As I journey through the land, singing as I go, torn souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. And though I want to see him, look upon his face. There sing forever of the saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass at last. Ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, dark may be deny, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Same ses may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but the Lord goes ahead, leads with every tide. And all I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all tights and smoke at last. Never to rejoice. When in valleys low I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior. There he's leading in the fight. Oh, with a tender hand I'm stretched toward the valley low. He's guiding me. Oh, I can see as I onward go. And though I want to see him a look upon his face, there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Carl last ever to rejoice. And oh, I want to see him. I look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. And as I journey through the land, singing as I go, just a morning souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead. Through him I must win. And oh, I want to see him and look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Just cares all past at last never to rejoice. And when in valleys low, I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there. He's leading in the fight. Oh, with a tender hand out stretch toward the valley low. He's guiding me. Oh, I can see as I onward go. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Dancing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass on that last ever to rejoice. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment. And I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving. when he calls his church away. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I made my reservation for a mention in the sky. I may not know the moment. And I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his church away. For the captain of the vessel, he's calling. Get on board. The destination's heaven. Same on the crystal shore. We'll meet our splendid savior and a loved one to go before. We'll live through all eternity. Thank God I'm a going home. I'm going home to Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I believe when he causes church. Well, I'm listening for the trumpet to sound most any time for the crown of life that's waiting. Thank God it'll soon be mine. I've got my invitation at a place called Calvary. And by the precious blood of Jesus, that debt's been paid for me. I'm a golden hunger Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment. And I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his church to wake. Well, I'm listening for the trumpet to sound most any time. The crown of light that's awaiting. Thank God it'll soon be mine. I've got my invitation at a place called Calvary. And by the precious blood of Jesus, that debt's been paid for me. And I'm going home with Jesus in the dream that I and I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment. And I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his church away. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I made my reservation for a man in the sky. I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving. Sing this verse one more time. Well, I'm listening for the trumpet to sound most any time. Oh, the crown of blood that's awaiting. Thank God it'll certainly mine. I've got my invitation at a place called Calvary. Oh, and by the precious blood of Jesus, that debt's been paid for. And I'm a golden one with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. And I'll be my resurrection for a mention in the sky. I may not know the moment. And I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his church away. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Our God will rain forever and all the world will know his name. Everyone together sing the song of the redeemed. And I know that my redeemer lives. And now I stand on what he did. My savior. Oh my savior lives. [Music] And every day is a brand new chance to say Jesus you are the only way. My savior and my savior lives. The king has come from heaven and darkness trembles at his name. It's victory forever. Oh, and that's the song of the redeemer. And I know that my redeemer lives. And now I stand on what he did. Oh my savior. Yes, my savior lives. And every day it's a brand new chance to say Jesus, you are the only way. My savior, my savior lives. The king has come from heaven and darkness trembles at his name. Yes, it's victory forever. Oh, and that's the song of the redeemer. And I know that my redeemer lives. And now I'll stand on my savior. Oh, my Savior lives. And every day it's a brand new chance to say, Jesus, you are the only way. My savior. Oh, my Savior lives. [Music] My Savior lives. My Savior lives. My savior lives. [Music] My savior lives. My savior lives. My savior lives. And I know that my redeemer lives. And now I'll stand on what he did. My savior, my savior lives. Hallelujah. Every day a brand new chance to sing. Jesus, you are the only way. My savior. Oh, my savior lives. Sing it out. Bring the music down. Oh, and I know my redeemer lives. And now I stand on what he did. My savior, my savior lives. [Music] Every day, a brand new chance to say, "Jesus, you are the only way. My savior, oh my savior lives. [Music] Oh, you live, oh Lord. Oh, you live, oh Lord. You live inside of your children, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is so bigger the troules I face. And why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? My God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen and I won't be moved [Music] cuz my God is faithful and all his promises are true. [Music] So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. And why would I when giants come calling my name? Oh my God is so much bigger. The troules I face. So why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. And I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. My God is faithful and all his promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. [Music] It's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Well, my enemy scattered cuz they know the battle is done. Well, and my God is shown the victory. It's already won. Oh, he died for my ransom when he rose up on the third day. Cause my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave, I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful. Lord, all your promises are true. So I'll speak to my mountain. into your time. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, gater than you. Well, my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. My God is stronger. The victory is already one. Oh, he died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. The hell in the grave I won't be shen. [Music] No, I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful and all his promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. [Music] Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, gater than you. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. And I won't be shaking. No, I won't be moved. Hallelujah. calls. My God is faithful and his promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Yes, you are, Lord. Yes, you are. Mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed. God, we believe. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And bodies are still being raised. Giants are still being slain. Cuz God we believe and yes we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And we are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. Come and do what you do cuz we need to move and mountains are still being moved. Yes, sir. And strongholds are still being loosed. And God we believe, yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. Your bodies are still being raised. Oh, giants are still being slain. And God we believe and yes we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And we are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. So come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. So come and do what you do cuz we need you and we are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. Come and do what you do. We need we need so long I have searched for life meaning [Music] I was enslaved. by the world and my grief. [Music] Then the door of the prison was open by love. Oh, the ransom was paid and I was free. Oh, I'm free from the fear of tomorrow. [Music] Yes. And I'm free from the guilt of my past. For I'm traing all my shackles for a glorious song. Well, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. Free at last. My favorite verse. Yeah. Now I'm free from the guilt that I've carried. Oh, from that to that empty life I'm set free. [Music] Oh, for when I met Jesus, he made me complete. You see, he forgot that foolish man that I used to be. Oh, I am free from the fear of tomorrow. And I'm free from the guilt of my past. For I'm trained in my shackles for a glorious song. I praise the Lord. Free at last. [Music] Oh, I'm free from the fear of tomorrow. [Music] And I'm free from all the guilt of my past. For I'm trained in my shackles. For a glorious song, praise the Lord. Oh Lord, we just want to thank you for the freedom that you have given us through the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. The price that you paid for us on Calvary that we could go free from all of our past. We do not have to carry it as baggage with us. You set us free from it. And we praise you today. That he whom the son makes free is free indeed. Lord, you don't have to die again. You don't have to pay another price. You did it once and for all. God, I thank you. I thank you that I identify in that price that you paid at Calvary. and I can walk free from guilt and condemnation and sin. Oh, thank you, Lord. I bless you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He set us free. He set us free. Shake off the shackles. Drop the chains. Quit dragging them around. Free. Free indeed. Hallelujah. We have the opportunity to take our needs to the Lord today. He gave us such a privilege to carry our needs to him. That's right. And leave them. Do you have a need you want to make known by the lifting of the hand? All across the house today, out over the stream, the needs that you have, the Lord sees what they are. He knows best how to meet the need. Oh yes. He knows exactly what your need is. He knows every detail. We don't have to know, but he knows. We take them to him. Would you remember the believers youth camp in Fortville, Indiana this week? Many of the our friends are there the helping in that camp. We want to remember the young people of the camp asking the Lord that they would have a real breakthrough in the Holy Ghost. One, a breakthrough in the Holy Ghost that will not just carry them this week, but it will carry them on into the future. Let's pray for their pastors. they'll get set on fire. Amen. So that when they go home, they'll have an environment that will keep them going. Pray for some of the leaders who won't won't go in and won't get out of the way. That's the thing. It's getting very serious in these last days, isn't it? Uh would you pray for all those traveling? We have uh almost 40 people missing uh today. But look what a crowd we have anyway. Blessed. Isn't God good? God is good. Uh pray for all those who are traveling. Uh some will be home for next Sunday and some may not be. Some are leaving this week to go away. Uh we appreciate the fact that God is making a way for different ones to be with their family. There's a quite quite a group that's in Indiana this morning uh worshiping the Lord with the saints there. Pray for that service. Pray for those who are gathered there. Let's ask the Lord to continue to stir in us in a very deep place. Uh no more shallow. We don't need any shallow feelings. We need something deep. As we sung this morning, we need a move. And there is a move going on in me. And I'm asking the Lord to to increase it. And may it increase in all of us. Uh they tell me that sister Jada is still with her family today and for the next few days. Pray for them that God will keep them and uh comfort their hearts and give them strength to move past uh the loss. Yes. Yes. Yes. Let's take all of these needs to the Lord today. In peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea, billows roll. Whatever my lot taught me to say it. Brother Hawk, will you come and pray today, please? With my soul, it is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Sing the first verse again. With peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrow like sea belows grow. Oh, whatever my lot thou has taught me to sing. It is well. with my soul. It is well [Music] with my soul. It is [Music] Yes, Lord. We can say it because our heart is in your hands. All is well. I'm just so grateful today, Lord. I've been overwhelmed all morning to realize that you have called me, called us to be one with you. Sometimes we forget what the promise is, what the future holds. That's right. It's oneness. Amen. That was the plan all along. And also for some of us, we need to realize that you put all knowledge, all wisdom, all strength into Christ and then you put Christ into us. Hallelujah. May every stronghold that keeps that reality bow down be broken down in Jesus' name. And may the life of Jesus Christ rise up within us and reign and rule within our heart and the kingdom of God be established within the children of God for the glory of Jesus Christ. Oh God, would you come and make your Make your glory known [Music] in people that have been redeemed by the blood of the lamb of God. And that lamb was the king of kings. And he's taking his place in the people that he had in his mind from the foundation of the world. They're going to be humble. They're going to be full of love. That's going to be the motive of what everything they do is his love reigning and ruling in them. Oh God, what a plan. You gave them power to be a witness. Hallelujah. That witness in the Greek is martyr, living dead. The Holy Ghost ruling and reigning. Yes, that is what we long for. We were united with you in your death. We are united right now with you in resurrection. It's your life. It's the only thing that can satisfy the longing of our heart is your life. Everything else is deception. That's it. So we just refuse temptations, lies of the enemy. We want you, Jesus. We want to know you. We want to see you. We want to follow you. We want to obey you. We want to honor you with our lives. So come, oh God, do what you do. You're the God of wonders and miracles. There is something in my innermost being that is stirred when I hear these words. Father, come and do what you do in us and then through us for the glory of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory, glory, glory. You may have your seats today. We're blessed to be in the house of the Lord today. Happy to see all of you. Jessica, it's nice to see you today. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here. Maya Goss, it's good to have you back from traveling. May the Lord bless you today. Brother James Yantis, it's nice to see you. May the Lord bless you today. We're just glad to all be gathered together. Brother Daniel and Sister Anna made it through their nine states and back home safely. We're grateful to the Lord for that. God is good to us all the time. We want to receive the tithe and the offering today. We want to give as giving unto the Lord. Uh, so, Brother Elas, can I call on you and brother Austin Hodgeges, we're going to let these brothers come to you today and I'm going to do something just a little bit different. Brother Cade's going to sing after we take the offering. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. That is so true. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. Hey, he didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. He didn't build his home in us, to move away. He didn't lift us up to let us down. [Music] He didn't bring us this far to leave us. He didn't teach us to swim to let us drown. [Music] He didn't build his home in us to move away. He didn't lift us up to let us down. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. [Music] He didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. He didn't build his home in us, to move away. [Music] He didn't lift us up to let us down. one more time. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. He didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. [Music] He didn't build his home in us, to move away. He didn't lift us up to let us down. [Music] Aren't you thankful? Thankful that he didn't start a work in you just to drop you, come and save you just to lose you in the end. That isn't who he is. He started it because he's big enough to finish it. He started it because he knew the entire predestined path of your life. And he knew that you would be able to make it through every twist, every turn, every detour, every mountain, every valley. He knew that he was strong enough to bring you through every one of them. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Brother Cade, take us on into the preaching of the word today. Let's worship together with him. Hallelujah. [Music] It was such a lovely day. [Music] And the sun was shining bright. A gentle breeze was blowing my way. Not a storm cloud inside. [Music] Then suddenly, without a warning, [Music] a storm surrounded my life. But even in the storm, I can feel the calm. And here's the reason why. I know the peace speaker. I know him by name. And I know a peace speaker. He controls the winds and the wind. when he says peace be still. Oh yes, they have to obey and I know the peace. Oh yes, I know him by name. [Music] There's never been another man [Music] with the power of this bread. By simply saying, "Peace be still." He can come the strongest wind. [Music] So now I'll never worry [Music] when storm clouds come my way because I know that he is near to drive away my fear. And I can smile and say [Applause] that I know the peace speaker. Oh yes, I know him by name. [Applause] Oh, I know the peace speaker. Yes, I do. He controls the wind and the waves. [Music] And when he says peace, be still, [Music] will they have to obey? Cuz I know the peace speaker. Oh yes, I know him by name. [Music] And draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer. [Music] Oh near blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding side. [Music] And when he says peace be still, they have to obey. Oh, and I know my peace speaker. Yes, I do. Yes, I know him by name. Sing it again. Oh, I know the peace speaker. Yes, I know him by name. Oh, I know the peace speaker. Oh, yeah. He controls the winds and the waves. days when he says peace be still. Oh yes, they have to obey. [Music] Oh, and I know the peace speaker. Yes, I know him by name. Yes, I know him by name. [Music] Give the Lord, give the Lord a great hand of praise. Oh, come on, somebody. [Applause] I know him. [Applause] I've got peace. Peace. Wonderful. Peace coming down from the father above. [Music] Oh, sweep over my spirit forever. [Music] and fathomless. Just a little more. Oh, I've got peace. Got peace. Wonderful peace coming down from the father. [Music] Sweep over my spirit forever. Forever I pray [Music] the bless of love. One more time. Let that peace settle down over your life. Peace. Peace. [Music] Oh, peace coming down. Coming down from the father above. sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in battleless below. [Music] Yes. In fabulous. [Music] Thank God for peace, glorious, wonderful, magnified, multiplied peace. Woo. God bless you as you're seated today. We're so thankful for the wonderful presence of the Lord that's here. Amen. We certainly miss all of those who have traveled this weekend, but we are so grateful for the wonderful presence of the Lord. He was here during praise. He didn't leave us in worship and he's been with us ever since in the prayer, in the special song, and in every part of this service. He's here. He's real. He's God. He He's worthy. He deserves the highest praise. This is not an hour for the attitude any old praise will do. It won't. It won't. This is not a hallelujah anyhow hour. This is a hallelujah because he deserves a hallelujah. Amen. And uh even in the treading, even in the crushing, he deserves a shout. Hallelujah. The vintage shout. Aren't you glad? Hallelujah. Uh the Lord is with us. Let let me get a few things out of the way and we will uh do one more thing that I feel like the Lord has asked us to do. I want you to not just hear these requests for travelers and and not pray. I want you to pray because they're moving around quite a bit. They've driven a lot of them are in Indiana and then will make their way to Missouri and some are going in various other places. And so we want the Lord to be with them because I'm finding that in the four miles that I drive to church, to work, to to my office, I'm seeing craziness in four miles. People are on their phones. They're texting. They're digging something out of the floorboard. They are pulling out in front of people. They've built that nice barrier there at Bleecker on the other side to keep people most dangerous intersection on the highway to keep people from going straight across when there's not enough time to do so. So, what do you think the people are doing? I've seen four different people now pull to the right all the way around the barrier and then merge force themselves into the flow of traffic to stop and turn right. And uh you know that's pretty determined and it's pretty stupid. There's a spirit of stupid in the land and uh you've got to be on on guard. So if if I see things like that and and these Sedona people over here at Sedona Ridge, uh it don't matter to them whether you're coming down their 250. They own it, you know, and doesn't matter whether you're need to use it or not. they will pull right out in front of you. You better be watching for folks. Now, you say, "Why are you going through that?" Because I've seen what can happen. I've seen it in the spirit and I know what can happen if we're not being very careful. So, I want to give you that little uh prophetic warning just a tad that you would be very careful on the highway. If you don't if you need to be doing something else, do something else. Don't drive and do something else. And these folks are going hundreds of miles as brother Daniel and sister Anna have just covered nine states. Uh uh that's a lot of miles. It's the great I tell you you we ought to thank God after I've seen some of that craziness. I've been thanking God every time I get home safe from here. And maybe that's what it's about. Just to give us a reminder that we need to praise him. And so I would like for you certainly to do that and keep that in mind. Um, even as others are leaving this week to go away for for this time when you got time off work. Well, then of course that's a time people need to go and we understand that and we're but we're covering them. We don't forget about them. Somebody said, "Well, oh, it'd be so nice, you know, to go where there's hardly any cell phone service and uh, you know, no nothing really pressing and you just can just relax and and and and so forth. I don't know that life. I don't even know what that means. I've never understood that. Uh because I can't do that. I better have my phone handy because somebody somewhere may need me. You understand? And so we have to find our relaxation in another place. You know where I find mine? In his presence. In his presence. He can do more for us in just a few seconds in his presence than uh than we could get in a a Caribbean holiday. Amen. There'll be time for all that relaxation in eternity because there will be no expiration date on eternity. Aren't you glad? This is a busy week and our dear uh sweet Natana uh in in the Netherlands has a birthday today. How did she get to be 24 years old? I think that's right. How in the world did that happen? We want to wish her a very happy birthday. Today, uh, tomorrow on Monday, June 30th, is Sister Rebecca Goss's birthday. And when I was just for my own record, not not to mention it, I'm not going to mention it, but for my own record, I was just adding up the years. I gave you I I spared you a decade. And I said, "How is she just that?" And then I recounted, "Uh, but you're still young and and red this morning. Now she's really red." I didn't mean to make her turn tomato color, but uh and it's also Benjamin and Jenna's wedding anniversary. Uh we should really bless Jenna because she certainly deserves it. And lots of prayer. Three years. God bless you all this week. I guess that means Nana and Pap get to have the baby girl for one evening while you all go out and celebrate. And then on Wednesday is Sister Alita's birthday. She's away and uh we want to wish her safety and uh pray over her and uh also wish her a happy birthday. And she shares a birthday with Sister Jeffrey who's not in here at the moment. She's probably with a twin somewhere, but uh she's got a birthday and and it's one of those that has a zero on the end, Jennifer. But uh I'll let you I'll let you all figure that out. God has been good. Sister Jeffrey is a hardworking lady and has been a long time. Let's see. I've I've known her over 30 years and she has worked hard during that time. It has been the grace of God. Sister Beverly, she shares a birthday with our nation. She's not quite as old as our nation. Thank the Lord for that. But her, we're not talking about feeling. We're talking about real age. But uh you'll never be able to forget Sister Beverly's birthday. It's July the 4th and people are always uh shooting fireworks off to celebrate her birthday. all over the country. And uh my kids are already talking about where they're going to go and watch them. And I I want you to know I am uh not just a Scrooge at uh holiday time in December, but I'm one in July 4th, too, because for me, if you've seen one explosion, you've sort of seen them all. But they sure do get excited about about watching it. Uh, I'm a little noise sensitive myself and uh I don't enjoy uh what sounds like I'm being shot at. You know, it's just not pleasure for me. But God is good. Saturday, July the 5th is Kendra's birthday, and I asked her husband how old she was going to be, and he told me, and then his next two words were, "That's old." And and and I, "Well, what about you?" I said it. And and at least she has her hair. It's also Brother David Gosman's birthday. A very faithful streamer on Saturday, July the 5th. And did he turn red at all? A little. A little. A little. God bless all of you. And this is a birthday week for the Jacksons. We love them. Brother uh Dwayne and Sister Heather both have birthdays this week. and we want to uh remember them in prayer that God will use them for his glory. Well, I want you to stand again real quick and I want to do something. I want to sing something that we would never sing. Let's have Mirabth back and you you give me some good old B3 uh over there. And this is a song we just would never sing on a Sunday morning. But I'm singing it for a reason. And I'll tell you what that reason is in just a minute. I'm going to the enemy's camp. Let's sing. Been a long time, but let's everybody sing it. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp. I'm going to take back what he stole from me. I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I've got him under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. I'm claiming the victory. Let's sing it. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp. I'm going to take back what he stole from me. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I've got him under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Well, he's under my feet. I'm claiming the victory. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp. [Music] I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I've got him. Where is he? Oh, under my feet. He's under my feet. I'm proclaiming the victory. I'm not going to do it till it feels right. When I'm going to the enemy's camp, I'm going to take back. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I've got him under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. He under my feet. I'm claiming. Woo! Yeah. Let me hear you sing without me. Oh, I'm going. [Music] Well, I'm going [Music] You obviously need my help. So, here I'll help you do this time. I'm going to the enemy's camp. I'm going to take back what he stole from me. Going to the enemy's camp. I'm going to proclaim right in the devil's face. Got him under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. He's under my feet. Claim it. You got to announce something when you get there. You got to tell him, "Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp. I'm going to take back. Well, I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I got him under my feet. Under my feet. Oh, claiming victory glory land. [Music] I said I'm going to the enemy's camp. I plan to take back what he stole from me. I'm going to the enemy's camp in Jesus name to proclaim my victory. I've got him under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. He's under my feet. I'm claiming one last time. Oh, church. Let's go now to the enemy's camp and take back Oh, I'm going to the enemy's camp to proclaim my victory. I've got him under my feet. Under my feet. [Music] Yeah. I said I'm claiming the victory to [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. I said I'm claiming [Applause] the victory to one last time. I'm claiming [Applause] the victory to [Music] re [Music] I am. I am Hallelujah. [Applause] Did you know the Bible tells us in Proverbs chapter 6 and verse 31 concerning a thief? But if he be found, that means caught right, identified, exposed, he shall restore sevenfold. Praise God. Somebody say, "That's a lot." That's a lot. And that is completion and perfection. Cuz even if the enemy just stole $100, he owes you seven times that back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Not just one fold. Sevenfold. He shall give all the substance of his house. Amen. Uh uh if you were to look at that in in some of the other versions, it even gets a little bigger. Uh one version says giving up all his property which is in his house. One said he must give up all the wealth of his house. One said he must give all the riches of his house, all the wealth that he owns. Complete Jewish Bible, Derby, all the substance of his house. One translation says, "Give up everything he has until he has paid back sevenfold." That's not my word. That's what the Bible said. Don't get tough, tight, or whatever. It's just what he said. Uh, in other words, if he has to give everything he's got, all of his wealth, all of his property to pay back seven times what he has stolen, the Bible said he has to do it. And that's any thief. Anybody who steals what doesn't belong to them. Well, the enemy is a thief. That's right, isn't he? He's the one that inspires others to steal. No doubt about it. And the Bible tells us that he comes to steal. Cleptes. Kill. To steal. To kill and what? Destroy. To destroy. He doesn't want just gnaw your arm. He wants to devour you. Yes, sir. He wants you to be lunch. Hallelujah. Yeah. Till there's nothing left. But if but if you realize where the thief is and who the thief is, you serve notice on him, then you got to pay back what you've taken. And not only onefold, but sevenfold. Some people say that's just seven. Other people say that's really eightfold because you have have to the laws of restoration are you've got to pay back what you took. The laws of restitution are you add to it the portion that is required. So it's somewhere between seven times and eight times that the thief has to give back. Has anybody in here ever had the devil, the enemy, the the original kleptomaniac steal anything out of your life? Yes, sir. Well, now he has to give it back. And and and maybe you think it has to be exactly what he took, but that's not the way that works. He may have taken money right out of your pocket, but but doesn't matter. Maybe it's a house. May maybe it's it may not come in the currency with which he took it. That's right. But it has to be the value seven times or eight times. And uh if you don't serve notice on him, I'm telling you, if you don't tell him to pay up, how many of you have ever been in business and you've had to go looking for somebody? Ever had to call anybody? You ever had to text anybody and remind them what they owe? Well, you know that's what you're going to have to do with the devil. You You'll have to tell He is never going to just feel good one morning and bring you what he would like for you to have. He don't want you to have anything. He didn't want you to have that. That's why he stole it from you. Wasn't going to do him any good, but he didn't want you to have it. And so therefore, uh you've got to serve the notice. You've got to go to the enemy in in authority and tell him, "Look, you're caught. You are in a between a rock and a hard place and and I want it now. I want now what you have owed." And there are es and flows. There are seasons of restoration. There are seasons of restitution. Somebody say, "Where did you get that?" The Bible, book of Acts. It talks about the restitution of all things. And remember, restitution is not just restoring what was stolen, but it's that added portion on the top. And that's what the last day bride has been promised. Not just a restoration of what has been stolen through the church ages, but also a portion on top of that for her sorrow, for her trouble, for her heartache. Have you ever paid somebody what they what they uh charged you and then you give them a little something and say uh this is for your extra trouble or this is a tip or something like that. Uh you know there's certain places you go with me and you'll watch people uh uh break their neck to get to my table. A and and I promise you that is because they know that I believe in giving somebody a little extra portion especially if they give me e extra service but remember what brother Brandham told us we give it whether we get the service or not because we don't know what that person is going through and you can sit there with a pompous attitude and say well the the employer ought to pay them and and I'm not responsible for pay aren't you glad that people don't treat you that way. Say amen. And then invite them to church after you've stiffed them out of a tip. Huh? I don't think they're going to be running after you for anything. Now, uh there are some folks that have worked hard over the past few months and have not been paid. And I want you to know that I didn't know until in the evening last night that the enemy was in this mix. I thought it when I prayed, I felt some resistance. And I've mentioned it uh recently, but I didn't know just what it was like. But in in prayer last night, I saw that there is a thief in the mix who wants his hand in it. And and the way some of these kinds of things work is it gets filtered down. You know, you've got all these people working above you who who who are brokers, you know, and it's like that in a lot of different situations and and they get money just for their trouble, just for arranging things. And then it comes down and they're contractors and subcontractors and and whatever else. And I saw uh uh somebody in the mix who who has determined to steal what doesn't belong to him for some of these folks that I know in this body haven't been paid. And it took a while before it started affecting the church finance. But it has now this last month has been the hardest month we've had in several years. But God's grace has brought us through. just been a little slower, a little slower paying the bill. Nothing past due. Nothing on the due date, but few hours away. God's made it. He's taken care of it because it finally caught up with us. It takes some time, but it finally caught up with us. But that wasn't what got me moving. I was praying way before it started affecting the the church and my family. But in this experience, I saw that it wasn't everybody who was crooked. In fact, I saw there were good-hearted people involved that were just as desperate for there to be a move in that as others. But I saw one who had already hatched like an egg a plan to steal some of what h he had nothing to do with. He has inserted himself in a situation that he shouldn't be in. And boy, folks will do it to take advantage. I want you to pray with me right now. Somebody said, "Well, it doesn't affect me." Well, it affects people you love. And I'm not going to tell you who they are. Maybe some of you already know by their own testimony, but I'm not going to say their name. I'm not going to embarrass them. But I'm going to tell you that it has now ro rocked on and rolled on and uh they h they have they have been in a in a a a jam be because when you when you do a job I know you're standing if you're able if you're not sit but uh when you do a job like that you sometime have to put up upfront expense money rent equipment or whatever and look you you can't always tell uh brother Joe Blow over there, you can't always say, well now they're going to pay me soon and so just let me have this until such and such. There used to be a day we're not in that day anymore and everybody needs their money, right? And so there's a lot of expense that is involved and that makes me so mad at the devil how he would not only try to hold up here. I thought most of the time we're praying for these people against a holdup. And and and I was told that's exactly right. But not a hold up, a hold up, you know, and let's pray right now. Let's come into agreement that the thief will be exposed and that that money will be released to these dear people of God who have done the work and done a good job at it. Father, we stand right now on behalf of our brothers who have labored and labored and sacrificed and have not been paid. Lord, we knew uh began to know that the enemy was holding things up, but we didn't know that it was more or less like a mask and a gun that the enemy had so trespassed that he intended to try to steal something that he had not worked for. But today in the authority of the word, in the authority of the blood of Jesus Christ, we expose the thief. in the name of Jesus. I It's not up to me to bring him to justice, but it is up to me to to loose what has been held up so that those brothers can have what is coming to them. And I am asking Lord that it would not only be the the do but that somehow some way there would have to be something on top of that. Whether it comes in in a monetary way or in a way of favor. It doesn't matter to me how it comes. But I am taking as a body of believers. We're joining together to take authority over the works of darkness that have desired to destroy. Wasn't just to hinder, but it was to bankrupt. The enemy wanted somebody to lose what was theirs. And so we stand in the name of Jesus Christ believing that it has to be loosed and we're calling that in in the exposing. And if justice is required then grant it. If it's necessary for full exposure, grant it. Whatever is necessary. And now because I felt very strongly this morning that there are others in this room who have situations that I am unaware of where the enemy has stolen and and it's just hung and hung and hung. So, I'm going to I'm just going to hop on the anointing of that, and I'm going to pray for any person under the sound of my voice, whether it's local or on the stream that has had something stolen from them in whatever form. We are taking authority over the lies of the enemy and his thiefy, the way that he connives and hatches out plots and plans. And we are approaching a a a season on the calendar where we have uh traditionally watched the enemy uh steal and suck the life out of those who have laid their shoulder to the plow. Not quite there yet, but let's get some business done today. In the authority of the word of God, we say give it back. In the name of Jesus, it's the hour for the bride to have not only restoration but restitution. Oh, shake insurance companies if that is required. Shake government agencies if that's what's required. Lord, it doesn't matter to us how you do it. But we want it done because it's not only hindered individuals and their uh private affairs, it has been uh a stress to the work of God. And that really really ought not to be. So we thank you Lord. I I just uh feel like singing but I need to preach but I just about feel like singing. The windows of heaven are open. Hallelujah. Arabah in Hebrew. Arabah. Aruba. Loose those slle gates. Open up the windows of heaven and loose what is owed. Let it be for others right now in this house. In the name of Jesus, may we be better stewards. May we be wiser in our decisions. May we always put your kingdom first because all these things shall be added to us. If first we seek the good of the kingdom. If first we desire the good of the kingdom. If first we pray for the good of the kingdom, all these things shall be added. Hallelujah. Sevenfold. [Music] On top of that, we claim in the authority of Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Even for streamers, I have to keep saying that. Even for streamers. Hallelujah. We believe it. Thank you, Lord. Sing with me twice through. Oh yes, the answer's on the way. I know this is a strange Sunday morning. Sing this. Oh yes, the answer's on the way. This I know. Jesus said, I believe. [Music] Our heavenly father knows the need. Before we pray, you can rest assure the answers on the way. Oh yes, the answer's on the way. I know. Jesus said, "And I believe in adance. Our heavenly father knows the need." And I say twice, I mean three times. Oh yes, the answer's on the way. I feel it moving and it's our heavenly father knows the need before we pray. And you can rest assured the answer's on the way. And you can rest assured the answer's on the way. And you can rest assured the answer's on the way. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you. We thank you. We thank you. We thank you. We thank you right now. We praise you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We praise you, Lord. This people have they've never been a money-driven people. This has never been a money-driven church because you have always supplied our needs. But if there is business that needs to be taken care of, I want to hear it and do something about it. Glory be to God. Would you thank the Lord for these musicians? No. Labor of love. Jeremiah 48 and 11. And I'll try to keep in mind that uh we've already taken some time. Moab hath been at ease from his youth. I want just a tad more in the monitor. Just a tad. Moab hath been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his leaves dregs, and hath not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity. Therefore, his taste remained in him. It's not enough. And his aroma, his scent is not changed. He stinks of the flesh. He smells of the sin of his forefather. He has not cooperated with God's program to leave behind the pain, the ugliness, the attitudes of the past. So he just keeps taking it with him on this journey and it has bittered his wine and it has affected his aroma. And if you go on to read, God said, "And that's why I'm going to have to deal with him the way I'm going to deal with him." And he raised up Babylon, Persia. You know where Persia is? He raised up Babylon Do you know where uh the gates of beautiful gardens of Babylon were? Do you know where these things took place? Right in that region of Iraq and Iran. So it's just even today this thing is repeated again and again and again. And God uses everything. The scripture said everything in that Old Testament, everything in the newer testament is for our instruction. It's there. Somebody said, "I'm not a moabitete." Well, first of all, you don't really have any way of knowing that. But but spiritually we can be under that kind of an influence because we feel so entitled that we don't let God put us in his shaker and shake us and blend us and drain us and purify us. And we think the whole economy of God revolves around us, our whim, our desire, our children, our this, our that. And we miss this thing sometime. But I want you to know the kingdom is bigger than you. It's bigger than your house. It's bigger than this church. It's even bigger than this message. Amen. And we've got to find out if there's something that we need to do. So, Father, we thank you for this precious body of Christ that is gathered here today. We're not trying to make up for anybody that's not here. We're just trying to be at our place, our post, our position. We thank you, Lord, that you didn't take a holiday. That you stayed with us. Your presence has been here. You've been helping us do your bidding and your business. We thank you for the anointing to get it done in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we ask today that you would speak to us, not someone who's not here. But talk to us first, Lord. We're here and we need your voice and we need your leadership and your guidance. I still feel something on what we were praying about a minute ago. I think there are more connections in that kind of an assignment than what we realize. So if you didn't get your request in, your bid in, get it in, get your bid in now. If the Lord brings something to your mind during this service where you believe the enemy had then you put that be it in and believe that God will give you hallelujah not only restoration but restitution be with us now in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ and for his glory. The saint said you may be seated. Brother Brent is here today. He expected to be here with his wife and son, but they were a part of that over 600 flights that were cancelled yesterday because of weather and hail damage all across the nation. So, we're believing that they will come in this evening, this afternoon. And uh they were they said there were more people sleeping in the floors in Atlanta than have been in the airport than have been in a long time because how quickly the weather rolled in all the way across the mid part of the United States. These are unusual times that we're living in. But none of it, let me say it again, none of it catches God by surprise. All things are for a reason. When it touches you, it's already touched him to get to you. It's already touched him. You're the apple of his eye. You are the reflection in his eye. If you could see his eye, do you know what you'd see in his eye? You'd see you. Because that's what the apple of the eye is. It's the mirrored reflection of the person that's being looked at. So, if you are the apple of his eye, guess what it means? He's looking at you and you're showing up in his eye. You're on his radar. He knows your address and he knows your name and he knows your need. Hallelujah. And he knows how to deliver it to your address. Praise be to God. I'm a little wild feeling. Glory be to God. Marabos. So we are how we're talking about the journey from the from the vineyard to the chalice of the king, the king's cup. There is a process to get the grape all the way through so that it ends up emptied skin left behind. How many of you want to leave your old tough hide, tough skin, bad stuff? You you have hardened because of the circumstances of your life. And that hard skin keeps you from being pliable and moldable in the service of the Lord. So he wants you to leave that junk behind and only the juice, that's the good part of who you are, goes on to the next step, the next step. And one day, bless God in the new kingdom. You become and even now we become the a gift in his hand. We become a vessel in his hand. We become the wine that he drinks. It's what the scripture talks about. We sung it. It's giving of our life. Listen, he wants more than your amen. He wants more than your hallelujah. He wants more than your lifted arm. He wants more than your sway to the music. He wants you to be emptied. The Bible talks about Enoch. He walked with God and he was a was not. He became a was not. Not an astronaut, not a cosmonaut, but Enoch became a wasnot. And if you look at that in the literal sense of the language, it means that he was emptied. He was so emptied that he could have fellowship with God. I like the way the old-timers used to describe it. They say that just like God came down in the cool of the evening to Adam, God would come down and have fellowship with Enoch and they would walk together in the realm of the spirit. Don't knock it until you've tried it. They walk together in the realm of the spirit. And that one day uh he just papa just said, "Well, Enoch, we've been walking along." Now, I hope some of you sisters experience this when you're on your exercise stroll that you lose sense of time and how many steps you've made and the next thing you know, you've gotten a lot more in than you realized and you're not near as sweaty as you could be and and all that. But that's kind of how it was. They just got further along seemingly than anybody realized. And and the old-timers used to say, "Well, then Papa just looked at Enoch and said, "Well, we're closer to my house now." Come on. Than we already are, son. Why don't you just come home and spend the day? Well, where is Enoch? He He's spending the day because there is no night. Right. You You mean you really believe that he walked with God and was not and God took him and he didn't die? I absolutely believe it. I absolutely believe it. And I believe he showed up again on the on the mount. I believe that he that he will show up again in two witnesses. [Music] That's Moses and Elijah. That's a that's a Pentecostal interpretation of Enoch. But I'll tell you, he represents a a spiritual company of people, the bride, the bride, those who will not go through. Brother Brandham typed the Jewish actually at one point to to the ark and he typed the the bride being raptured out as the Enoch generation. Let it be so. Let it be so. Are you with me? Amen. God is so good. So, we're on that journey process process one thing right after another. And we talked about uh for two services that we didn't choose this thing. The grape don't just jump in the press on its own. That somebody has to choose. The juiciest, the brightest. You may not have found yourself that way or thought of yourself that way, but he did. In Ephesians, let's just get that one scripture in as we move forward. Ephesians 1 3 and six. said, "No, that's not what I told you, Mariah." But, uh, look forward. There you go. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath He hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to according to the good. Why did he do it? Because it pleased him to do it to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Go to Ecclesiastes chapter 3 verse one. to everything. There is a say it season and a time to every purpose under heaven. Everything. Everything. And if you don't believe it, read the rest of the chapter. Time to be born, a time to die, a time to plant, a time to pluck, a time to, you know, pluck up that which is planted. A time to mourn, a time to to rejoice, a time to for everything there is a season. And there are sons of God prepared by the revelation of Jesus Christ message to be able to discern what time is it, what season is it? Because you don't want to be planting in a season that God has decreed and declared as a harvest. And you don't want to be trying to harvest in a season that God has decreed it's time to plant. So there's a time to plant. And there is a time to harvest. And by the way, you may not have noticed, but the se the grass seed have began Friday. I could only find a few little sprouts. But thank God for the rain that came yesterday that didn't wash the seed away, but it gave a drink because the same spot that I looked at Friday afternoon and saw only a few sprouts had had many sprouts today. God is good. God is good. There is a time. There's a season. And so you can't get grapes when there are no grapes to get. And you can't make wine, not the kind of wine we're looking for out of grapes that have not yet reached their maturity. You want as much moisture in the grape, as much juice in the grape as you can possibly get in there. And when it comes time to harvest them, particularly wine grapes, their skin is almost bursting on its own pressure because it's so full. That was you. That was you. full of fluid, full of juice, and in your season, in the season, in the time frame of God's choosing, he plucked you. Amen. He not only plucked you, he cut you from the vine. He didn't do it one day too late. Listen, one day can mold. one day can cause a mold on a on a on a wine grape that reminds you of that uh that fungi that gets on a corn cob when when you've seen it when it pops up at the top and and it's ugly. It's yucky. And one day over can cause a reaction like that that brings a mold looking substance on those grapes and they're they're not usable. And so, uh, it takes somebody who's got some skill and some wisdom to know in what right moment to bring you in. Although you were always his. Is that right? From where? From before the foundation of the world, but in a right season, in a right moment, he took you. Thanks be to God. The ripening of the grapes in the land of Israel took place as early as June in the Jordan Valley, but on the coast not until August. And in the hills, it would be September going even into early October on the Gregorian calendar. So, you know, where you're planted, where you're planted can determine when you're ready. Oh God, get us ready. I don't know if we're June grapes or August grapes or September, October grapes, but whatever we are, get us in the right moment at the right time and let the process begin. Aren't you glad it has? Aren't you glad he plucked you out of your comfort zone? Praise God. Pruned you right out from where you had been planted. In whatever month, however, the coming of the vintage was the signal for the villagers to leave their homes in Bible times in a body, in a community, in a group, in mass, and they would encamp in booths or tents erected in the vineyards much like the booths that are used in Sakote, which in some regions of Israel could overlap. out. They no longer lived in their home. They had to be in the vineyard. It was a long work day and they would just as a group. It almost sounds like fun if the work wasn't so hard. But they would camp in booths erected in the vineyard. There would be someone in the watchtowwer because even in a grape vineyard there was a watchtower and someone would be watching day and night because as we address Oh, hallelujah. I I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry. But as we address this morning, there's always a fox. There's always a thief. There's always a coyote. There's always something somewhere. I come out this morning. Joshua has been out more than once. Mariah has already gone out and neither one of them see what I saw. I come out next and there laying on the front porch is a peach pit planted. It looked like laid positioned right there so anybody could see it. if you've got a watchful eye. I said, "Neither one of you all saw that." And all around it, Jason, there were there were uh there was peach meat, just bits and pieces of peach and we don't know. We had some peaches at the house, but the only pits and were in the garbage and and and and we don't know. It looked like it could be a raccoon. That's a raccoon for southern folks like us or a a opasum or something, but it had gone in and gotten it. Now, I wasn't mad because I don't think it'd come in the kitchen and got one. I think it got it out of the trash, which meant that most of it had already ended up on my yogurt. So, I didn't mind him having the pit, but I didn't appreciate the mess that he made on the front porch. But there is always and there will always be an enemy in crouching, hiding to come and steal the vintage, to steal the fruit of your labor. I want you to get some of that. You see, the enemy is always out to take your harvest. He's got that spirit of the Philistines. And every year, where were the Philistines when it was time to plow the field and clear the field? They weren't anywhere to be found. And where were they when it come time to plant the peas? Nowhere to be found. And where were they when it was time to ho the rose and do all the labor of getting the peas so that they would produce a maximum harvest? And where were they? Nowhere to be found. But you just let them come to maturity. And every year, they come to steal the harvest of shama. Is that right? But I want you to know he'd finally had enough. Yes, sir. And one day he said, "You have come and stole my peas, my lentils the last time." And he stood up. And God honored his standing up. God will honor you. He'll honor you if you stand up this morning in the spirit. He'll honor you if you stand up in the spirit and say, "Wait a minute. You've touched my children long enough. You've had them in your compromising grip long enough. But I'm holding up a banner. I'm holding up a blood stained banner. And I'm giving a victory shout that says, "You can't have them. God has given them to me. They're part of my inheritance. And you better go." And you know, God used one man and he ran that whole bunch of Philistines right out of the way. And so there's somebody in the watchtowwer in the vineyard making sure that the enemy Listen, Nathan could tell you, ask him about it. He worked in the uh in the uh vineyard in in just across there in Shiloh in Shilo. And uh they have to watch everything they plant. Even the even the olive trees are uh abused, stolen. They come in and steal the olives. And u because they don't seem to have a sense of future, they will sometimes chop up the tree and set it on fire. So, not only do they steal the harvest, but these poor Jewish settlers then have to deal with the aftermath of destroying the tree. This doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. They'll come in and just break big limbs off, pick the olives, and set the rest on fire. And even in that very place, that family vineyard where Nathan was, they would come in and steal the grapes. They would come in and steal the olives. There's always an enemy who's out for your inheritance. And if you lay down and play dead, he'll rob you of everything that is yours. But if you catch him in the act, too late. You as a grape, you as fruit in his vintage must be harvested in season. You come in in the right hour, in the right moment when he calls you. His perfect timing. Somebody say, "His perfect timing." His perfect timing. So they are picked in season. If they're too early, they're bitter or sour. If they're too late, they've already started to rot or mold. Harvesting was often by hand because it is such a serious and careful um affair with careful intention. Uh every believer also has a divine appointment in the timing. The truth reaches you in a moment that you are ready to receive it. If it comes too early, you will initially reject it. If you listen to some people, they'll tell you you'll never have another chance. It's according to how far you've gone in your rejection. Because I've watched the Lord come back around and what you hated, you now begin to hunger for. He's just good like that. He's just good like that. So, uh, every time someone threw a book at me or a tape at me, uh, and I don't mean, uh, um, symbolically, I mean they really did literally. Uh, I didn't mark them off, call them seed of the devil, cousins of Cain, and all the things you hear people say, unsavable. I just said, Lord, you know their address. You know how to go get them in the right season. Amen. There's only one real full whole truth. And if you're ordained for it, you can only run, but you can't hide. That's the grace of God. That's the goodness of God. Are you with me? Oh, he knows when to move you forward. He knows when to put you in a holding pattern. He knows when you're about to lose the future. And so that same God that's been gently uh easing you, he'll come and put his foot in the middle of your back. Anybody ever had God shove him? Have you ever had the Lord drag you? He'll drag do whatever he has to do to get you where you needed to be. Somebody said, "My feelings are hurt." Oh, poor you. If he doesn't go after you, you were never his in the first place. If you don't ever make a trip to the woodshed, you are illegitimate, the Bible said. So we take whatever we can get because we know he's a redeemer. Oh, is he a redeemer? Amen. He knows when to get you ready for your next phase. He won't crush you before your time. And he almost always warns us before he skins us. Aren't you glad? Now, the grapes are usually harvested by cutting a whole cluster off the vine with what was called in Bible times, first and second temple period time, a pruning knife. And then these clusters were were gathered into baskets. This pruning knife was a small knife that had a small blade that was shaped similar, not quite as drastic, but similar to a sickle. So you could call it, but it would be only about that size, but ve mostly blade, very sharp, almost like a uh a sickle. But it was referred to in Hebrew as a mazar. And it was also a pruning hook. It was also called a pruning hook. A pruning knife or a pruning hook. And this is an interesting tool because it's used in the Bible, not only in the culture of the vine, but it's also used uh a small enough to be made from uh a piece of metal uh that would be used as the point of a spear. And this is interesting because there are multiple scriptures that talk about the the transformation. Listen of a pruning hook. Are are you with me? Do you remember this? In Isaiah 18 and5, he said, "For before, excuse me, for before the harvest, when the bud is perfect and the sour grape is ripening in the flower, he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks and take away and cut down the branches." Now, this is speaking of judgment. It's speaking about taking the grape before it's time to spoil the possibility of a vintage of a wine. Now, God deals and uses these words concerning the vineyard, the vocabulary of the vineyard. We might say he uses it in in miscellaneous ways throughout the writings of the prophets. Look at Isaiah 2:4. I don't even know if I gave this to you, Mariah, but it says, "And he shall judge among the nations and shall rebuke many people, and they shall do what? They shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks." So from an instrument of war to an instrument of harvest. Amen. This is prophetic concerning the restoration of the people of God, the nation, the Hebrew nation. But it is also prophetic concerning the new man where one day our spiritual warfare comes to an end. And what we have learned, what we have learned in waring against that realm of darkness, we use that authority to bring in the final harvest of both Gentile and Jew. Ain't that interesting? So, what was once a spear head has now become a a little pruning knife or a little uh pruning hook to be able to bring the harvest to the king. Oh my. Joel 3:10, ble beat your plowshares into swords and your pruning hooks into spears. That is the opposite. Let the weak say that's where we are. That is prophetically the hour that we're in now. We are utilizing what's in our hands to reap, to fight rather, to fight, to war, to break down, to pluck up it. It's an hour of having to use the authority of the word, the blood, and the name to defy the forces of darkness. Satan is is knowing and sensing according to scripture that his days are short. And so he will anoint and use and utilize whoever, whatever, usually the ones we love. How many of you are just tired of being used of the enemy? I don't want to be the one. And you can read Micah 4:3 later where it talks about swords into plowshares and spears into pruning hooks. Now once the grapes have been gathered in cluster uh with the pruning hook now in a basket they are carried to the wine press. And I have gathered a little collection of photos. I'm not going to show them this morning, but I will show them to you sometime when they when it just feels like the right time because even to this day, they are still uncovering wine presses from the time of Jesus all across the land of Israel. And one of them is happens to be the largest wine press operation in the entire world that has been discovered is down in the Gaza of Israel nearing to the Sinai Peninsula. And I it's interesting to me. I visited many of them. And when you're there, you will get an understanding uh of what it took to get that grape to the king's cup. What a process it was. grapes before they're crushed or washed in baskets or in flowing water to remove three things: dust, insects, and impurities, which might be sticks, small sticks, stems, or small stones. Nobody wants a pebble in their wine. Nobody wants a a a wood chip or a beetle in their wine. When you see these pictures of uh these wine presses, you will identify both rectangular and round stone cleaning basins, sometimes amazingly carved right out of the stone. So that's why we can still see them today because they weren't built above. They were carved out of some of them were plastered. In fact, some of the wine presses in Kuman, which is uh just I guess it would be just south perhaps southwest of Jericho to this day in the ruins of Kuman where the Essenes were, you'll find not only wine presses but that are still plastered the plaster to to to retain the moisture, to retain the juice. It's still plastered just like it was 2,000 years ago. I mean, that to me is is a almost unimaginable when we live in a society where everything is wood and decays so quickly and falls down. This was the society of stone. And so it it's amazing. There were these rectangular or sometimes circular cleaning basins and there are also troughs that are dug right into the stone with a slant so that they're stomping the grapes here and the juice is running first through a filter. Now, I'm not just talking about washing the grapes, but even after they're crushed, again, filtered. There is a serious amount of effort that goes in to making sure that before the process of fermentation has taken place, there has already been a cleansing. Now, that's what happens when the new birth begins. There is a cleansing that takes place in us when we meet him. I mean really meet him. It's the process of sanctification and and so much of that old nature is washed right out of us. Not all of it, unfortunately. It's a journey to get it down, to get it under the blood, to get it all killed. Amen. Did you did you notice the words of the song that we were singing this morning? Oh, I want to see him uh singing about the arrows from without. From without. Poetic for without and within. The enemy's got arrows trained on you from without. And there are arrows that rise up in us from within. But we're in a a a serious season. Thank God. Uh maybe you maybe you like where you've been, but I'm disgusted with where I've been. I'm ready for something more. And I'm not demanding anything of God. I'm not asking for any shortcuts. I want the process to continue until the victory is ours. Amen. Whatever it takes. So, wash me in the basin and then filter me in the trough. I don't care. It doesn't matter anymore. Why would it matter? Why would we think that we have some reputation to preserve or some spiritual persona to put on for somebody else? My God, shift us and sift us and crush us and do whatever you have to do. because it's your vintage. It's your juice. Whatever I have is is of you. And to get it out is is is it's Thank God. It's not all my responsibility. Are you still here? Let's see. It's 11:12. Plenty of time. Let me have a little water. So both basins and troughs, both designed for washing grapes, have been discovered at various archaeological sites across Israel. These cleaning basins remove dust, insect, and debris, ensuring that only clean grapes entered the pressing stage. You might, if you do a little research, you might also find sources that say that the grapes were left unwashed to preserve the yeast on the skins rather than to slow down the natural process of fermentation. However, what they're not taking into account is the seriousness of the dietary laws of the Jewish culture, especially for wine that is used in festivals or other religious ceremonies. And therefore we know because we found they have found the basins and the troughs and they know that especially wine being prepared for the service of the temple for the for the use of the priest and for any sort of religious festival or ceremony the grapes were washed first. How did the fermentation process take place? It was slower. it was slower because the natural yeast of the skin of the grape had had somewhat been reduced by the washing. Now if if that is the the kind of wine making that our Christian journey is most relatable to then it means unfortunately I have to tell you that it's a slightly longer process because you don't want to spoil you want to sweeten God only knows how desperately some of you need it. Some of us, we need it. You You can't jump from the vine to the cup. You know, the king can't get it down if it's still in the skin. So, something's got to happen. So, the washing takes place before the crushing. It's sanctification before service. God has to clean us so that he can use us. He has to clean us before he can bring us even into a process of separating us off to the side for his service. Are you willing? Yes, Lord. That wasn't extremely convincing other than the right other than the front row of the of my left hand side. What about the rest of you? Yes, sir. Or should for for you north of the Mason Dixon line, should I put an S on the U? What what about the rest of you's? What about you? Don't you think you might need some more? I do. Washing represents separation, cleansing, and preparation. This is the heart of sanctification. to be made holy, to be set apart, and to be prepared for the use that you were created for. God had a design in his mind before you were ever born of how your life would matter, how it would be used for the service of his kingdom in your uh in your respective lifespan. And he's getting us there. Oh, it's rough sometimes. It's rough because we think, you know, we're already there. We think sometimes we've arrived. And that's why the apostle had to say, you know, I uh uh not that I have already apprehended. Sometimes I think I've already won it. And then I'm reminded, God brings something to remind me that I have not apprehended anything. I'm just running towards something. Praise God. And you know what? You won't apprehend anything until you've been apprehended. Until God arrests you. You won't be able to lay your hands on anything else for his kingdom's sake. Lord, arrest us. Lord, may we never get so occupied with our pet projects that we forget the kingdom. It matters. matters, church. It matters. It matters. Just as grapes had to be washed of dust and insects and impurities before they could be crushed into wine or into juice to be later fermented into wine, we must be cleansed so that we can be poured. Remember, our goal is to be poured for the master's delight, for the master's pleasure. Cleansing comes before usefulness. Sanctification is the removal of any spiritual defilement. Generational iniquity is included in that defilement. Sanctification is the foundation of our transformation. Sanctification is a doctrine not often preached anymore. In fact, around the message, we're more times reminded that that nature is here to stay than we are told that there is a process if we so choose to cooperate where God will wash some of that gunk and junk out of our life. And what he can't wash out, he knows how to cut out. Are you here? Yes, sir. He knows how to surgically remove it. It's very, very difficult, you know, to get people to shout over testings and trials. But I'm going to tell you something in a minute. I'm going to help you scripturally to identify what your posture and your attitude and your behavior has to look like. in the crush. God is so specific that he even has a has a desire and a design for how we respond and and saying ouch isn't included. When somebody's big foot is coming down on your head, you generally would want to scream, "Get off of me, you big dummy. But since you understand that it's part of God's process, your response can't be get off of me. It has to be yes. Yes. Praise God. Hallelujah. Every crush, every squeeze is to bring out the maximum recognition and acknowledgment that it's all for a reason. It's all for a purpose. You know, if people don't understand and believe in the sovereignty of God, they'll never bring the right response. You know what the church likes to do? The devil. Oh, it's a devil. Let's rebuke the devil. I'm in a squeeze. I hear it. Especially among the charismatics. there's an assignment against me and Satan is trying to kill me and he's squeezing me and he's on my job and he's it you know I've even recently I've even recently heard people define uh a trial as the misdelivery of an Amazon package attempt of Satan to harass and to stall Oh, have you ever considered the fact and can I tell it? Should I tell my little story? Monday of this week, I hate to see how some of you folks would respond. I have kept in my mind the difference with between and I and it may be the other way around. So, I'm not in any way saying something critical about Nathan because he's one of the most dependable uh uh precioushearted people that I know. So, this is no negative reflection on him, but his response to the strange uh driver that we had a few weeks ago was entirely different than mine. And as I said, it could be different the next time. He he may uh you know, make him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and invite him in and I may throw a rock at him to try to get him off the campground. So, I'm not in any way saying, but uh I would love to have seen your response to what happened to us. We're sitting in the den, my wife and I and the girls. I think it was on Monday evening. It could have been on Wednesday evening. And uh one of the girls said, "Who's here?" And nobody knew. And somebody said, "Well, it may it's just a Jehovah witness, you know, I'm sure." and and uh somebody said, "Oh, no, it's not a Jehovah Witness cuz they're in shorts." Now, I never seen a Jehovah Witness come to the door in shorts. And uh I said, "Well, they can ring the doorbell and so forth." And we were almost a year without a glass door because my adorable uh yard man uh shattered the glass door with a with a um uh weed eater. and he is actually a long he follows in a long line of others who have shattered the glass of the front door of my home. It's happened multiple times. One time a BB gun and Katie Ellsworth watching our boys was involved and then another time it was one of our precious brothers who was on holiday this week. And moving right along, we finally got it replaced. And boy was that an effort. Nothing's easy anymore. You can't just go to Lowe's. You can't just you it's all so complicated these days and they they half do the job and you have to beg somebody to send them out. You know what I mean? So the the front door, the wooden door, hard door wasn't quite closed all the way, but the glass door was. And here comes somebody uh up on the porch, a woman in in in in shorts that she ought to know better. Old woman in she ought to know better. Nobody wanted to see those veins popped out like that. Uh she ought to had on some clothes, but anyway, she's there at the door and she's just banging on whatever she can get her hands on. And and uh well, it just startles us. We're just not used to people wanting to see us that bad. And so she opens the glass door like she's going to come in. And uh what really I think was happening Mariah is she was going for the door knocker. Unfortunately, it's this pastor Steven. So I had to be a little careful or pastor Shelly had to be a little careful how I how I behave because there was the door knocker. And Mariah is so so startled by the fact that she's opened the door to come in that Mariah just slams the hard door closed on her. And you think that discouraged her? It would discourage a normal person, but she just starts banging the door knocker. And I don't mean I mean like a wild woman. And I've had enough about the third time. And I I opened that door so fast that she went back like that and I said, "What are you doing?" She said, "You have my Amazon package." And I said, "I guarantee you, I assure you, I don't have your Amazon package." My wife comes around to save me. And she said, "Oh, yes, we did have an Amazon package that arrived, but it came by the postal service, so we put it in the mailbox so that they could pick it up." And she just I I I said to her, uh, you know, you could be shot. I wouldn't, but there are folks, somebody open the front door and start in their house. I don't I don't think I'd have to throw very hard to hit somebody today. That might at least wave one around. I said, "You just can't do that. You you you you can't do that. I can clearly see that you're upset, but you cannot come banging on someone's door like a wild woman. We're living in a world where you just can't behave that way, particularly especially over an Amazon package. It it I wondered if it was insulin or whatever was in it. Know some photographs that she needed to send to Texas. The next morning, my wife comes out. Normally, I'm the nicer one. My wife comes out, walks her down to the mailbox, and opened up, gets it. The the m Let me tell you what the mail lady's doing. She's come back with mail. We hadn't had no mail. It's night time now. Had no mail. She takes the package out, puts the mail in, and instead of taking the package to its rightful address, she puts it back in there on top of the mail. Nobody wants to do their job right now. I wouldn't have been surprised because I had a friend this week who wrote a big article, a big write up on social media. I I wouldn't have been surprised if I would have read somewhere that that woman decided that that was some kind of attack of the devil on her by misdelivering her Amazon package. I had a friend who said as much. If you get that bent out of shape because your Amazon package goes to the wrong door, somebody is in for a whole lot more smashing. Yes. Amen. And you're going to be smashed until you can say, "Praise God, you're working in me a greater glory." [Music] So that I can not only be wine, but I can be wine that is not bitter or smelly, crushed. We've got to have this cleansing. 2 Corinthians 7:1, having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves. That just means cooperate with the process. There are certain things you can change. There are certain things you can't change without his help. But you can cooperate with the process. He wants to clean you up. Listen, you don't have to go to this church to understand that modesty is a requirement of godly people. Amen. It's just a requirement. I don't care if you're Baptist or Methodist. you you ought to at least be modest because we're living in a world that is so perverse and so lust driven that you don't want to participate in anybody's uh uh uh wrong inherent thought process or behavior. You brothers ought to buy bigger sizes on your britches. You sisters ought to have bigger sizes. Somebody said, "I don't like the number." You need to come to a place where you don't care what the number is. You care whether you're covered and whether or not everything you got is available for view. That's what we ought to listen. We We can't get looser. Not in this hour. We're not legal. We can't be legal. It's not by modesty you're saved. It's by grace. But anybody that's scoured out on the inside ought to know that you've got to present the outside in a way that draws somebody to the to the preciousness, the value of being filled with holy oil, holy touch of God on your life. If if that's all that God requires of you to to cover up your stuff, that ought not to be too much to ask. Yeah. Nobody wants to see your inner thigh. Nobody wants to see under your arm. Maybe your husband uh and he can have that his turn his time. But uh when you're when you're in in public view, you want to get all that taken care of. And if that offends you, I I don't have anything to say. I I don't even have an apology in me. uh certain knits and stretchy material, you know, toothpicks maybe can uh pull it off, but uh you can't. You say it doesn't matter. Oh, yes. It matters. It matters. Matters. I used to go back to the judge. Now, I've made a lot of people mad with this illustration, but I used to go back to the judge. I read the story myself about a judge, a young woman taking advantage of riding around in a in a convertible and instead of using the door, she threw her leg across the the top of the convertible door to get out and and and and flashed whoever was in the parking lot. the fact that she didn't have on proper underclo. The judge sentenced, he did what he was supposed to do, but not until he sent a very stern message to that young woman and it appeared in the Associated Press, "You did have a role to play." Can you imagine a judge today? He said, you did have a role to play. You could have used the door and you could have used underwear. Oh, they're shouting. I know everybody. I know you streamers can't hear it, but they're just running down the aisle shouting for holiness. But it's true. It's the inner. I know it's the inner. I know it's the inner. I know it's the inside. I understand it. I know that man looks on the outward app. Oh, he does. Exactly. He does. You're not trying to win God to God. You're not trying to be a testimony to God about God. You're trying to be a testimony to those who look on the outward appearance. Oh, just a minute. Amen. You see, this good sanctifying power works on the inside and it works its way to the outside. I'll tell you the best thing I ever did do when I took off the old robe and put on the new. And when God dresses you in his righteousness, I'll tell you, it'll dictate choices and decisions that you make in the closet. Amen. Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit. Amen. Perfecting. Say it again. It's not an ugly word. It's not a legalistic word. It's not a word about rules and regulations. It's a word that describes the touch of God on somebody's life. Perfecting holiness in the fear of God. Let's hurry. The Amplified says it like this. Therefore, since these great promises are ours, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from everything that contaminates and defiles body and spirit, and bring our consecration to completeness in the reverential fear of God. This is not, uhoh, it might come above my knee, God's going to kill me. This is Lord Jesus. I want to honor you with everything that I do. I want my consecration to be complete. I want my sanctification to be birthed in reverential fear. I'm not afraid of your sledgehammer. I'm afraid of breaking your heart. I don't want to break your heart. I don't want to disappoint you. I don't want to bring any any shame to your name. It's already happened enough. John 17:17 in the amplified said, "Sanctify them." Jesus red letter. Purify. This is him talking. Purify, consecrate, separate them for yourself. Make them holy by thy truth. Your word is truth. The word is the water that washes the residual yuck off of our skin. This cleansing is not optional. It's preparation. No defilement can enter the king's wine. There must be a cleansing. What is John 15 about? The vine and the branches. Amen. John 15:4 talks about abiding in the vine. John 15:3. Look at what John 15:3. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Jesus red letter. He's saying my word is what I'm sending to clean you. This is the season to let God sanctify you. Not just forgive you if you're starting your new Christian journey, but cleanse you and separate you and prepare you for what comes next. Somebody said, "I don't wear I don't want to wear a bun." Nobody said you had to wear a bun. You've just got to obey the word. And somebody might say, "Well, that's not my church." We're not talking about what a church requires. I don't think I've ever told anybody in this house that that's what we required. But I can tell you what the word says. This is a season to let God do a deep work in the cleansing part of who we are. Psalm 24:3 and4, who shall ascend? We all know Psalm 23, but the psalm after it says, "Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord?" If you have no desire to go with him in spiritual places, you can stay just like you are, uncrushed, unwashed. But if you desire to go with him into the hill of the Lord where the secrets of the kingdom are revealed, truths are shouted here. Secrets are whispered there. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? Or who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean. Thank you, church. Clean hands and a pure heart. Pure heart. You can't have clean hands without a pure heart. who have not lifted up his mind, will, and emotion unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully, undercover, underhanded, secretive, [Music] telling half the story because the other half might incriminate you. Just trying to live under the radar. But this is not total honesty before the Lord. And then we come to Isaiah 53:5. And I want to tell you something. He became our example in the crushing. How do you know I have to be crushed? Because he was. Isaiah 53:5. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. Somebody read the rest. And with his stripes we are healed. Oh, our example went before us. Luke 22:44. And being in agony, he prayed more earnestly, and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. In Isaiah 63:3, grapes are often crushed by foot, or sometimes there are wine presses that utilize the weight of heavy stones. Neither one sounds pleasant if I'm the grape. 63:3 I have trotten the wine press alone, and of the people there was none with me, for I will tread them in mine anger, and trample them in my fury. Their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments and I will stain all my raignment constantly, consistently. The language of the vineyard is used throughout the Bible. It speaks many times about the release of the joy and the celebration. At other times, it speaks about the wrath and judgment of God. This was a mystery, a bit of a mystery to me, but I I've done enough study through this that I understand God's reasoning. He uses an analogy that we can relate to, one that brings some warmth, some some uh you know fondness to our mind. He takes what we are familiar with in the positive and sometimes uses the the verbiage to present another side of the coin. This is the nature of God's word. Pressed, crushed to release their inner juice. There is no glory without pressing. The press is painful, but it's where the wine begins. Hallelujah. Wine doesn't begin in the fermentation. It begins in the crushing. The press equals pressure, trials, betrayal, grief, loss, misunderstanding. The outer skin has to be broken. I don't embrace the full theology of watchman knee by any stretch of the imagination but I will tell you that watchman knee had an amazing understanding of the breaking of that outer part of the soul life to release an inner character from the spirit. his spirit that has taken possession of a fallen human spirit and he has regenerated that spirit with his own life. I heard h praying about that release of his life. It's not without you. It's within you. It has to be released. So there is a breaking of the outer part so that the sweetness and the reality of the inner part can come forth. Oh God, I thank you for it. Lord, the process of wine making begins with emptied grapes, not full ones. Emptied grapes are what the king uses to make his wine. Even Jesus pressed in Gethsemane, which the very word Gethsemane means olive press. So it shouldn't be a mystery to us that even our Lord struggled in the press in Gethsemane when he cried, "My spirit is willing. My flesh is weak." And he could have easily said, "My soul is hung in the middle." Because that's the reality. If he if you were not made up of also mind, will and emotion, but only flesh and spirit, the battle would be won. The spirit could easily tackle the nature of the flesh and give you victory. But it's when mind, will, and emotion starts getting in the middle. And yet without that, we would have no connection. We would have no connection to those parts of who we are. There had to be the middle ground. I preached on the middle ground. on. It had to be that way. God knew what he was doing. He didn't curse you with mind, will, and emotions. He gifted you with mind, will, and emotion so that you could learn how to surrender mind, will, and emotions to his will. Are you still here? Now, I'm going to take a few more minutes. Musicians are getting ready. I won't do this justice, but just a little piece of this. Deuteronomy, if you'll go there just a moment. I found something interesting this week that I've never used in this subject before. Deuteronomy 26 20 verse 6. And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard and hath not yet eaten of it? Let him also go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man eat of it. This is an interesting verse. Would you agree? If it's lifted out of context, you'll never know what it means. But if you read it in the context of the chapter, you'll find out that Deuteronomy chapter 20 is a chapter where God is giving instructions to Israel about how warfare is to be handled, particularly the the drafting of a soldier. Before going into battle, the officers were commanded to make certain declarations that would release certain groups of men from military service at least on a temporary basis. These were not cowards. They were men with specific Listen, these were men with specific unfinished responsibilities that tied deeply into covenant law and cultural life. Why is he spared from the battle? Why is a man who planted a vineyard and have not yet eaten of it spared in the battle? I'll tell you why. because he swed in faith. And God God is passionate to let that man enjoy the fruit of his planting. I I'm amazed. I never knew this. I I read the verse and didn't didn't quite understand what it was saying because you catch it. If you don't look at the context, you miss it. He was spared in battle because God is passionate. He saw the man sewing in faith. What man plants a vineyard without expectation of picking grapes and making wine. Now there's a war and he's drafted to come and fight and he may never he may die. He may never eat the fruit of his own labor. And God said in the instructions, "Send him home." I don't want him fighting in the army of Israel until he has been rewarded for the labor of planting. I want to assure you that your planting has not been in vain. God may have changed your geography. He may have he may uh have taken you out of your own vineyard where you were familiar. You may have sowed here and sowed there and swed somewhere else. And each time God moved you somehow before you were able to enjoy the fruit of the labor that you had extended. But I'm telling you prophetically that God is passionate for those who sew in faith. and he will let your harvest follow you. That's how much he loves you. It was not in vain. It was not wasted labor. Your harvest is kept. It's recorded in the mind of God toward you. My according to Levitical law, I'm I'm preaching. According to Levitical law, a man who planted a vineyard couldn't eat its fruit for the first four years. Four years you plant a vineyard and four years go by, you can't even eat a grape. So when Deuteronomy 26 says he hasn't eaten of it yet, it's not because he was lazy or or or because something was delayed. It's because he was doing what's called obedient waiting. I'm waiting, but I'm not waiting as punishment. I'm waiting in obedience. I want to tell somebody that you're waiting is not punishment from God. It's it's your He's teaching us how to wait in obedience. Waiting in obedience is not passive waiting. It's active waiting. It's doing they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. And this kind of waiting is not doing nothing. This kind of waiting is serving. And that's why you call the man who pours your tea a waiter. Come on. And the woman who gives you a napkin, a waitress, not because she's doing nothing for you, but because she's serving you. Waiting in obedience is where most of us are even in this hour. God is not going to allow your harvest to be lost because there has been delay in eating the fruit of what you've sown. He's not going to let you lose the harvest because it's taken a little longer for you to get to a place Mr. Flo's daughter, Brenda, Jason's mom, Jessica's mom. She did a whole lot of living and she did a whole lot of sinning. That's what sinners do. That's nothing. In fact, it's a compliment because it would be absolutely ridiculous not to fully surrender to God and not enjoy the life. If you're in sin, you're going to enjoy the life of sin. And you know how long that lasts? Not very long. Because the pleasures of sin are so temporal, she experienced hurt and pain and rejection and abuse and mistreatment because she was searching like the woman at the well for something that could satisfy. So when the news came, I want you kids to hear it. When the news came that Brenda has surrendered her heart to the Lord, there was a part of me, of course, my first reaction. Oh, hallelujah. But, but in total transparency, I think it's important for you to know there was a part of me that said, "Oh my." Because she had made that decision more than one time in her life. I wanted to be quiet. I'm not upset. But I want you to know something. This time, it was way more than a New Year's resolution or turning over a new leaf or another false start or another come to Jesus moment. I don't know why. I don't know what what took. I don't know what the difference was. But this time, she didn't just run to church. She ran to him and she ran to his word. And this is not to pull your emotions. It's just the fact. And and I can never get away from it. It's something I think of very often. I shared this testimony with someone most recently. When it took it took when her mind was made up, her mind was made up. And to this day, I can pick up a spoken word book because when she made up her mind, Sister Flo, to go all the way. She ordered every sermon book. I want them all. I want them close. I want to be able to read them. I want to be able to understand them. She ordered all of the spoken word books, had the new version, the new covers, and I only had old covers. And when she passed away, these books were given to me. And to this day, I can open up one of those books. The next time it happens, I'm going to save it for you. But I can open up a book and there between the pages is a long black dark hair about that long. She didn't put it there to keep her place. It fell off of her head and it remained in that book as a testimony, as a memorial that she wasn't just churchified. But even when she wasn't in church, she was pursuing the word. It's it's lifech changing. It's what makes the difference. If you get Sunday religion and Tuesday religion, it will never be enough. But if you'll chase the word on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday and Saturday and Sunday, I'm not boasting on myself. I'm trying to encourage you. Last Sunday afternoon, you know what I did? Last Sunday afternoon, I do what I I did what I do almost every Sunday afternoon. I started on my sermon. I don't I don't think, okay, you've preached two hours, you've studied all week, you you ought to have a break. I can't help myself. I love this word. It is life to me. It's the reason I was born. It's what I get up in the morning for. It's why I go to bed at night to get a little rest for my mind so I can get up and chase that word again. And it makes a difference. She was at a place, a stage in her life where she could have some freedom to do that. She took it serious. And that word, not the preacher, that word that she ran after day after day, it changed her. And he took her and he took her. There was no real reason why she could not have survived and overcome what had come against her. It was doable. It was possible. She was not old. He had physical problems. But she could have. But God said, "No, no, no, no. I didn't take you when you were half-hearted." Amen. I didn't take you when you went to church on Easter. I've got a picture of Brenda at the old church on either Easter Sunday or Mother's Day Sunday where she came and some of the kids are with her and I got a picture on a yellow had on a yellow jacket or yellow dress standing out in front of the old church and it was so always good to see her. Always good to be around her. Always thankful that she came. But that's not when God decided, hey, I'm picking you. You know, I'm taking you now. He didn't do it when she was just a church on Easter or just a church on Mother's Day or here or there or or just, you know, partially. She knew what was right. Her mother had had lived it and taught it and walked it and and so forth. And she and she attended church in in the Graange for many, many years. I don't want to make her an awful terrible person except to tell you that she was undone without God and religion wasn't enough to change her life. But God didn't take her when she was in that place. Listen, he could have to I'm just on these I'm just on uh I'm just on the family, I guess. But he could have done the same. Jason could have left us any time. All the sinning and all the life that he's lived on that on that uh souped up bicycle that he drives with a head so hard he didn't barely need a helmet. Oh, could have gone, but no, Siri, God was preserving him for certain things in a certain season. And God said, "Brenda, you you you found me now, and I'm not going to leave you in the struggle with regret that chases us when we come to the Lord like that. I'm taking you to me." I know that if she could have had a choice, she would rather stayed with her family. I I I know that. I know that. But she must have known that Sister Flo would do enough threatening over the family for for her and everybody else in the county. And she just went with him when he called. Trophy. A trophy. A trophy. I can't wait to find another hair in the book because it tells me what her focus was on. How'd you get on that? Musicians are coming. obedient waiting. God honored that patient obedience by relieving him from battle. Send him home. He was allowed to go home and enjoy what he'd sown. I want you to see this. I'll I'll touch it more on Tuesday if the Lord will let me. But under Levitical law, a vineyard's fruit could not be eaten for the first three years, and only in the fourth year could its fruit then be taken and given, dedicated to God. And it was only in the fifth year that the man who planted the vineyard could have a grape. Five years and he finally gets a grape. God honored this investment. Gave such men an exemption from battle until their season of fulfillment had arrived. going to war and dying before eating from your vineyard meant another would reap what he had sowed. And God said, "Oh no, there is one fixed law that I will never forsake, and that is whatsoever a man seweth, he shall also reap." And that's in the good and in the bad. And I want you to flash Leviticus 19 up and and we're done. Leviticus 19 23-25. And when you shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then you shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised. Three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you. It shall not be eaten of. But in the fourth year, all the fruit thereof shall be holy, to praise the Lord with all, dedicated to God, not consumed by the by the owner. And in the fifth year you shall eat of the fruit thereof, and it that it may yield unto you the increase thereof. And look how he signs off. I am the Lord. I am the Lord your God. I was your God when you were breaking the ground. I was your God when you were planting the vineyard. I was your God when you were chasing away the serpents. I was your God when I spared you from from dying as a soldier in the army. I am your God when you give me the fruit on the fourth year and then enjoy it for yourself on the I am the Lord your God. God makes room for the planter. He honors the investment. He wants you to taste the fruit of what you've labored for. My, you don't even know. Some of us, let's stand. Some of us don't even know the magnitude of the harvest that's coming. Amen. Because the enemy has told you over and over and over again, you've swn in vain. You've swn in the wind and you'll reap the whirlwind. You've swn in vain. You've messed up your life. You've made poor decisions. It's all over. It's finished. It's done. You'll barely get in. Barely. The enemy has told some of you, you'll barely get in by the skin of your teeth. But I want you to know that God has not lost the record of your sewing for him. That might be your tithe. It might be your witness. You be careful what kind of attitude you have toward brother Shaw and these brothers who have been a and Jerry is a you you don't know this but he is a social media sensation. He preaches on social media and people watch. They listen and on the street. You think you think you ought to have something positive to say about I think you should where are all the people? Look, uh that's up to God. Where he puts them, where he plants them. Because you don't see them this morning doesn't mean that they're not out there. Doesn't mean they haven't heard something they've never heard or seen something they've never seen or considered something they've never considered. You may not feel called to do what they do, but you ought to bless them and you ought to pray for them. It do some of us good to go with them. It might help us sometime to to to uh evaluate whether we really are believing what we believe or whether we're just slightly embarrassed. Listen, those two dark-kinned boys that met us the other day coming out of Chili Thai restaurant a few weeks ago and they start witnessing to me about their faith, inviting me to a Bible study, giving me a pamphlet. I took their pamphlet. I researched their faith. Their faith is based in Asia. Didn't know we had anything like this in America. It's a it's a supposedly a Christian church. They study the feast of Israel and do some things right. But one of the basis of their faith is is both father God, a father god and a mother god. God is a father and God is a mother. Not the same not the same expression. But there is a father and a mother. And uh I dug a little bit because I wanted to see the the sincerity of these boys was obvious. They were determined to be a witness and to be a light. But but what are they bringing people to? Some foolishness. So off the word perhaps making a someone a a a proelite. All right. but a two-fold child of hell. So why shouldn't somebody be a light? Why shouldn't everybody be a light? You You're not sowing in vain. Every coworker you've witnessed to, there's a record of it. God's not going to let somebody eat the the fruit of your labor. He's keeping a record. There's a reward. The Bible said for the faithful, for those who keep sowing, even when they don't see results, they keep praying, they keep doing, they keep preaching. God bless the little preacher who's preaching to a dozen this morning. May he keep doing what he's doing. May he pray a little bit to try to consider why he's only preaching to a dozen. But may he not stop because that's good enough. That's what the devil would like to paralyze somebody from sewing. So live this in front of your family. I can't get one of my family members to come all the way. Live it. Live it. Live it. Live it anyway. Live it anyway. Live it anyway. Sew anyway. When you have the opportunity, without judgment, without prejudice, without intent, without a hidden motive or or some mean, just do it because you love the Lord with all of your heart. Let him wash us. Let him crush us with his own feet. Gets pretty intense. Some of these uh wine presses had ropes tied above them. The traditional wine treader in Israel, grape treader, was not a woman. It was a young man, young teenage man upward from from even up in his early 20s. These young men were the ones that were generally chosen because they had some strength. They were coming into their strength and it wasn't like I don't mean I don't mean any harm or try to be carnal, but some of you are thinking about Lucy and Ethel and I it wasn't that kind of treading. They weren't Italians. This was uh this was Bible days. And it wasn't just some, you know, fun flip-flop kind of jumping around in a vat. This was serious business. And these young men would have to hold themselves up at times on the ropes because they weren't they weren't just using stepping pressure. They were using stomping pressure. And in the stomping they would lose their balance. And so they had these ropes. Sometime they would hold on to these ropes so they could keep some. And wait till I tell you what else they were doing. The Bible says they were shouting the whole time shouting. The word is not singing. Sometimes it was translated singing, but the but the Hebrew root word was not singing. It was shouting. It was a loud chant in unison to give God praise and to keep the rhythm of the stomping. Hallelujah. And when the shouting stopped, the joy stopped and somebody grew concerned. That's when they went to check on them to see if somebody passed out because the labor was intense and the work was hard and and they found that even in the hard labor, they could shout his praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Despise not the chastening of the Lord. No, no, no. Embrace the process. Embrace and cooperate and participate in the in the process of of your perfection. Hallelujah. Your maturity. You're growing up. Oh, grow us up. Hallelujah. because we need we need authority. Oh yes, we need to understand our position. Let's worship the Lord. I know it's late 2009. I'd like to point out to someone who mentioned that we're getting out of church at 3. I would like to mention that it's 2:09 and we ain't out yet. Come and worship. Worship, Pinky. who knew no sin that we might become his rightousness. He humbled him. He humbled himself and carried the cross. [Music] Love so amazing. Love so amazing. Jesus Messiah, [Music] the name above all names. The blessed redeemer. You are Emmanuel. The rescue for sinners [Music] and the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus, Messiah, the Lord of all. His body the bread, his blood the wine broken and poured out. All for love. The whole earth trebled and the veil was torn. Love so amazing. God, your love is so amazing. [Music] Oh Jesus Messiah, [Music] the name above all names. Oh the blessed redeemer. Oh you are Emmanuel. You are Emmanuel the rescue for sinners the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus Messiah. Oh the Lord of all. [Music] And all our hope [Music] is in you. And all our hope, Lord, it's in you. and all the glory glory to you God. [Music] The light of the world and all our hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. All our hope is in you. All the gloryy to you, God, the light of the world. [Music] Glory. Jesus, Messiah. Yes, he is. Yes. The name above all names. The blessed redeemer. You are Emmanuel, the rescue for sinners and the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah. The Lord of all, you are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Sing it to him. You are worthy. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. [Music] And all the saints and angels [Music] they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. Oh that you are worthy of it all. Lord you are worthy of it all. You are so worthy Lord. Oh, for for you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. You are so worthy, Lord. Oh, you are worthy of it all. My God, you are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all, Lord. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For for you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You may not be able this morning to identify where you are in the process, but how many of you can say, "I know I'm in process. I'm somewhere. I'm either in the crushing still or I'm being poured from vessel to vessel each time leaving behind the dregs. But I know I know that I know that I know that I've been chosen as the vintage of the Lord. I'm his. I'm part of his inheritance. Hallelujah. I'll bring glory. My life will bring glory to the king. Do you believe that about the call of God on your life? If you believe that you're born to bring glory to the king, I want you to witness to it somehow raising up your hand or something waving at me or something by faith. I believe that I'm here for a purpose greater than just a being a a a pew warmer or or a Christian only nominal in this in these last days. I I I know where the answer is. The answer is in participating and cooperating with the process and that is a thousand times easier in his presence. If we can learn to get in his presence as often as possible, it'll make a difference. I want you to sing this with me. It's in my heart really strong. I want you to sing into thy chamber with me just a moment. This is This is the answer. It's hard. It's hard for some of us to find that place because life demands so much out of us. But we must. We must. Somewhere between fathering and grandfathering, mothering and grandmothering, whatever it is we do, serving in whatever capacity, we've got to find this place. It will it will bring the it'll bring us to wine a whole lot quicker than not cooperating. Somebody ought to surrender this morning, this afternoon, in a way you've never surrendered before. Lord, I will. I will. I will. I will. Into the chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit. Speak to me gently as I heaven. Godly lover, let thy presence cover. [Music] Come my beloved, be my Lord and Master as I yield myself unto me to thee. Let thy holy word wrap around me. Wrap around me. Sorry. I plead my defense, protection, and covering me. Oh, into thy chamber. [Music] See if you can connect with the words. Speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly lover, this would change your life. I'm here to tell you today, this will change your life. is all I long for. Father, I worship you out of my spirit, blessing and thanking you in our own way. Your heart I command, Lord, your will and purpose. So into submission I surrender. Will you do it into thy be free? [Music] Be free. Holy Ghost, speak to me. Speak to me as I close the door. Heavenly. [Music] You don't know what God's doing. Some of you don't even know what he's doing for you right now as you yield to him. Shakina. in all. Here's the last verse. Now on my journey, the wine press falls heavy, but it's bringing forth only the best of the world. So I pressed to the mark for the prize of my calling to be a part of that beautiful lady. [Music] into be free. I will not restrain you. I will not limit you, spirit of God. [Music] Shine up. [Music] If it's appropriate to do so, take the hand of someone near you. Father, here we are. We must have surrendered a thousand times, 20,000 times, and we meant it each time. But here we are again today, Lord. This is a very prophetic moment. And so in this moment, in this season, in this hour, we want to surrender again. But this time, we want to do it with a knowledge that there will be no limit. There will be no restraint. There will be no restriction placed on you. We want to enter into that chamber, into that crushing, and we want you to accomplish all that is in your heart to accomplish. We may squirm and we may we may moan, but we we commit that we will not wiggle our way out from under your foot. We will not navigate or negotiate our way. Harosa, we will not negotiate our way out of your plan, out of your preparation. We will say yes again and yes again and yes again. Jonathan, raise up both of your hands. There's something in this for you right now. The Lord was reminding me of the sewing you've done on the journey and ways that there there are people here that have no idea the ways that you have sown. And we know for sure that Satan didn't like it. But we're thankful that God has kept a record of the seed. Hallelujah. And I feel like telling you to be encouraged in the Lord because he has kept a record and the harvest is secure and the obedient waiting that you're doing right now is being recognized. It has caught the attention of the father's purpose in your life. A and he just wanted you to know that it's coming. The harvest is coming. It's coming. It's coming. You're not one seed. Not one seed fallen to the wayside. Not one seed. Even in all the turns and twists of life, in all of the strengths and weaknesses of life, in all of the poor choices and good choices in life, he's jealous over his seed. He's jealous over his word. and he will perform everything that he has promised to perform. His word will not return unto him void. Maybe somebody else would like to get in under the skirts of that and you'd like to claim that in your own life for the times that you have done what God placed on your heart. You're not here telling God he owes you anything. The harvest is not yours. It's his harvest. you get benefits and blessings from it. But it's the harvest of the Lord that we're talking about. So, put yourself under uh that banner right now, your feet under the table, and say, "Lord, I'm believing for the harvest of every seed sown in faith and reward for the obedient waiting. Get serious about the king. Would you do that? Get serious about the kingdom. Now on my journey, the wine press falls heavy, but it's bringing forth only the best of the world. So I press toward the mark for the prize to be a part that beautiful. We're joined together in faith, Lord, right now that nothing will stop it. That nothing will stop the process. We are yielding to you in every way that we know how. We say yes even under the heavy steps. Even under the heavy feet of the Lord, we say yes for your glory. For the king, for the king that the lamb may receive the reward of his suffering. once more into thy chamber into [Music] be free. Will you free him? Will you loose him? Will you let him do it his way? Maybe he's just trying to cut you loose from it. Maybe he's just trying to cut you loose from the responsibility. [Music] Sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. This is the most that some of us have been in a week. May we not miss one whisper. Not even one glance of your eye. May we not miss any of it. May we recognize every nudge to be of you. And may we thank you for grace and strength to be obedient in all things. My God, you're empty us. Empty us. You filled us. Empty us. I want to be poured out. We stand today with the desire to be like Mary's alabaster box, broken and poured out for the master. Nothing else matters. What people think or say does not matter. What they understand and don't understand does not matter. But to please you matters. Lord, to please you matters. To please you in all things matters. Go with us today. Keep us, oh God, with a hunger for your word. thirsty for more of your spirit, surrendered and submitted to not only your voice but every signal. You said you would direct us with your eye. May we discern and know your will. May we may we come out of that place where we think it's all about us and find and discover a place where it's nothing is really about us. But everything is about you. We'll be thankful. Heal the sick. It's just that simple. We believe. We believe that every stripe on your back paid the price for our healing. And we refuse symptoms. And we resist the affliction of the enemy. And we stand on the promise of of the fact that you are still you are still Yahweh Rafa. You are still the healer. I didn't get to it in my note, but you are still Yahweh Sabo. You are still the God of angel armies. You are still the God of the heavenly host. And we surrender and thank you for your for everything that is at your disposal, everything that is at your command. You send and assist. You equip and you provide. And we go in the great revelation that it's in your hands. You're dismissed to go after you've loved one another. But we're going to sing this. It's already done. As you as you greet one another, I just feel it. I didn't It wasn't in my mind, but it's in my heart now. It's already [Music] done. The battle is over. Victory is won. And it's already done. Oh, it's already done. It's already done. And it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. Oh, my family is here. Oh, my family is here. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Sing again. And it's already done. It's already done. Yes, it's already done. Cuz the battle is over and victory is won and it's already done. Thank you, Lord. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. [Music] Cuz the battle is over and victory is won. Oh, it's already done. And I'm already healed. [Music] And I'm already here. Cuz the battle is over and victory is won and it's already done. Oh, it's already done. It's already done. And it's already done. It's already done. The battle is over and victory is won. And it's already done. The battle is over. For the battle is over and victory is won and it's already done. [Music]
