################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-18 - Standing Up To Your Bully - Bro. Matt Watkins on Friday Morning, April 18, 2025 - Matt Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-18
Title:    Standing Up To Your Bully - Bro. Matt Watkins on Friday Morning, April 18, 2025
Speaker:  Matt Watkins
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8e4K0UzsXs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Ius know that you are with me. I'll keep holding to your promise. All I see is darkness. God, I I know say though the ocean though the ocean may roll and the mountains be shaken. I know I know I'm not forsaken. You're with me. Every step that I take, oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me. You are with [Music] me. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and you're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Oh, can you sing that to him again? Just lift your hands. You are here and you're moving in our midst. I worship you, Lord. I worship you. You are here and you're working in this place. I worship you. I wor Oh, can you call him wave maker this morning? Save way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle work comes. Oh life, my God, that is who you are. You are here and you're touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. Oh, just give him worship this morning. Say, you're healing. You are healed and you're healing every home. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I amen. Have you already seen you're turning lives around? You're here and you're turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship you. You are here and you're mending every heart. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I will. Oh, just say he's a way maker. Oh, way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. Oh, that is who you are. Make promise keep light in the darkness. Oh, say that is who you are. Oh, that is who you [Music] are. Even when I don't see it, your word. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Is he working on your need this morning? Working on your family this morning? Stand and sing it now. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Oh, let's sing it again now. Say, even when even when I don't feel it, you never stop. Oh, you are here and you're touching every line. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship. You're meeting every need. Oh, you're meeting every need. Oh, I Yes, I will. You're the way maker lighting the darkness that is true, Lord. Oh, make miracle work, promise [Music] keep that. One more time. Wave maker. Oh, wave maker. More promise. That is That is who you [Music] are. Oh, that [Music] is that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. All that really counts. All that's really true. All that really matterers is you. and everything to gain, nothing to lose. All I ever really want is you. all that really counts and all that's really true. Tell him all that matterers, Lord, is you and everything to gain. Nothing. All I ever [Music] want. Oh, just tell him again. Just say, "Lord, all I want is you. I know all that really counts and all that's really true. Oh, all that really matterers Lord is you. and everything to gain. Nothing now to lose. All I [Music] ever to gain. Amen. This camp. Everything to gain. Nothing now to lose. I want to tell you all I ever really want. Oh, all I ever really want. Hallelujah. Lord, we come to you this morning, Father, with that on our heart. Lord, we know that even when we don't see it, you're working. Lord, as that song would say, even when we don't feel it, Lord, we know that you're working on our situation, Lord. There's hundreds of lives represented here this morning, Lord, that just want to lift their voices to you and say, "All that really counts, Father. All that really matters, Lord. The fellowship is wonderful. The time together is wonderful, Lord. Lord, but we've come together this service this morning with one focus, Lord, and that's to tell you that all that we really want is you, Father. Lord, come fill this place with your sweet presence. We pray, Lord. May your atmosphere of worship just fall over this place, Lord. Lord, touch each heart that's here, Lord. The many that are watching from afar, Lord, and listening and hoping and praying for one that's in this building. here, Lord. Maybe they just wish they were here and it's for whatever reason they can't be, Lord. But I pray that you'll go to where they are, Lord. That you'll go to each seat here in this auditorium this morning, Lord. Anoint each one, Father. Be with the ministry of the word this morning, Lord. Move on each heart we pray. It's in Jesus name we ask. Amen. Amen. Amen. We enjoyed the word of the Lord last night and Amen. Certainly thankful to be here again. Amen. Amen. God is good and he's a wonderful, wonderful savior. Kimchi. Amen. Amen. We have some announcements. We're going to save those till after the service. We do have several specials we want to get to soon. And but I just wanted to tell you that if you came expecting, you'll get what you expect. Amen. Amen. And if you came to bring a little bit, you'll get a little bit. But if you're going to bring a lot, you'll get a lot. So I want you to give a lot this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is God is good. Hallelujah. Well, every praise is to our God and every word of worship in one. Oh, every praise, every praise, yes, is two. Sing it again. Every praise, oh, every praise is to every word of worship. Every praise, every praise, oh is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God. Glory how is to our God. Every praise, every praise full is to our God and God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. God my savior. God my savior. God my king. Oh he's God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes. Every praise every praise is to our God. Oh, it won us. Every praise. Yes. Every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah. To our God. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, every praise. Every praise is to our God. Oh, God my savior. God my healer. He's God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. God my savior. Savior. Oh God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he [Music] is. You got to praise him. Oh praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the good time. Praise [Music] him. We're here to praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Amen. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand, just tell them, "Praise him." Oh, I'm here to love him. Oh, love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love for him. Love him. Oh, love him. When the sun goes down, you ought to serve him. Yes. Serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the third time. Serve him. serving when the sun goes down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You can be seated for a moment. Ask Sister Liz Wy to bring her special. Right after her, we'll have Sister Katie Puit, the group singing with her, bring their special as well. Amen. Amen. And as they make their way, let's just sing a little chorus. I want to be [Music] holy, rightous in your image, in your likeness. For you are holy. You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I want to be like you. I want to be holy. Oh, holy. I want to be holy. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] God of Abraham, you're the God of covenant and of faithful promises. Time and time again, you have proven. You'll do just what you said. Though the storms may come and the winds may blow, I'll remain steadfast. And let my heart speak a word. It will come to pass. Oh, great is your faithfulness to me. For great is your faithfulness to me. From the rising sun to the setting, I will praise your name. How great is your faithfulness to me and God from age to age though the earth may pass away your word remains the same and your history can prove there's nothing you can't do your faithful and true though the storms Make the winds may blow. I'll remain steadfast and let my heart when you speak a word. It will come to pass. Oh great is your [Music] faithfulness to me. Your great is your faithfulness to me. From the rising sun to the setting, I will praise you on me. Great is your faithfulness to me. I put my faith in Jesus. My anchor to the ground. My hope and firm foundation will never let me down. I put my faith in Jesus. My anchor to the ground. My hope and firm foundation will never let me down. He'll never let me down. Wow. Great is your [Music] faithfulness to me. Your great is your faithfulness to me. From the rising sun to the setting same I would praise your name. Your praise is your faithfulness to me. [Applause] [Music] As the sun comes as the season, bring your handless ever with you Lord. There is no fear that you don't recognize. And even my deepest intimate thoughts, Lord, I'm drawing you right to my side. You're faithful. God, you are faithful. You're the lamp in the darkness because I can see you order my steps God and guide my feet. Now there's no condemnation. Only your peace and strength for today. We're not feeling weak. You're faithful. God, you're faithful. There is no shadow of turning with you, Lord. There is no fear that you don't recognize. [Music] And even my deepest intimate thoughts, Lord, are drawing you right to my side. You're faithful, God. You are faithful. You're above every sickness and every disease. Above all addiction and anxiety. You're above all confusion and things I can't see. God, you are faithful. For you're faithful to me of every sickness and every disease, above all addiction and anxiety. Above all confusion and things I can't see. God, you are faithful. You're faithful to me. There is no shadow returning with you Lord. There is no fear that you don't recognize. Even my deepest intimate [Music] thoughts are drawing you right to my side. You're faithful, God. You are faithful. You're faithful, God. You are [Applause] [Music] faithful. Amen. Amen. We heard a song called Promises. We heard a song about being faithful. Amen. I believe we have a a faithful, wonderful God that's promised us faithful. As brother Ben Eugene comes to bring his special, just want to sing another chorus. He's been faithful, faithful to me. And looking back, his love and mercy I see. Though in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. He's been faithful. so faithful to you. Can we just all sing that again? Just thank him for his faithfulness. You've been faithful. So faithful to [Music] me. And looking your love and mercy I see. My heart I have questioned even failed to believe. But he's been [Music] faithful. Faithful to me. Though in my heart, though in my heart I have question. even failed to believe that he's been faithful. faithful to [Music] me. Lost or save, they find their way. Oh, at the sound of your great name, all condemned. Oh, feel no shame. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, every fear he has no place. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, the enemy. He has to leave. Oh, at the sound of the great name. Oh Jesus, oh worthy is the lamb. Oh, that was made for us. Oh son of God and man who you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great [Music] name. All the we find their strength. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, hungry souls receive grace. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, the fatherless. Oh, they find their rest. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, the sick are here and the dead are raised. Oh, at the sound of your great wings. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, thou was sl for us. Oh, son of God admit. Oh, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Redeemer, my healer, Lord, mighty, my savior and my defender. You are my king, redeemer, my healer. Lord [Music] Almighty, my savior, defender. You are mighty. Oh Jesus. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, thou was slain for us. Oh, son of God in. Oh, you are high and lifted up. Yeah. And all the world will praise your great [Music] [Applause] [Music] name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And he has a great name. Amen. Do you believe the lost can be saved this morning? The sick can be healed, the dead can be raised. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Before I spoke a word, you were singing over me and you have been so so good to me. Amen. Before I took a breath. Before I took a breath. Amen. Can you say you have been so good [Music] and all the overwhelming preious love of God. Oh, it [Music] chases leads the [Music] 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. All the overwhelming everending [Music] love of God. Oh, when I was your still your love for me. Say, you have been so so good to me. Amen. Have you been here before? When I felt no worth. When I felt no worth, you paid it all me. You have been so so kind to me. Yes. Oh, the overwhelming never. Oh, precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. To feed the 90 now. Oh, I could turn it. I don't still you give yourself [Music] away preious love shadow you won't light up mountain you won't climb up coming out to There's no wall you won't dig down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Amen. Can we all stand and sing that together? Oh, you won't down. You won't tear down. coming after me. There is no shadow. There's no shadow. You won't light up mountain. You won't climb up. Coming after me. No, you won't kick down. Lie, you won't tear down. Coming after. There's no shadow. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. coming after me. No wor down. I won't tear down. Coming after me. His holy overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. [Music] Holy night. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming. Amen. As our brother Matt Watkins comes this morning, let's just sing it again. There's no shadow. Oh, there's no shadow. You won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. No wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh the overwhelming everending preious love of God. Oh chases be Christ till I found 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious. I couldn't earn it. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away, ever. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise. He's worthy. Thank you, Jesus. Are you glad that he never gives up on you? Amen. Keeps coming after me. How many times we have, all of us here could testify. How many times we maybe resisted or ran the other way, but amen. My Bible says that when that prodal son came walking up the road, his father had been waiting, brother Bam said, on the porch waiting for him to return. And when he seen him, he ran after him. Aren't you glad that the love of God pursues you over and over and over and over again. Don't matter how many times you run, he keeps pressing. He keeps preaching. He keeps encouraging. I just say, "Lord, thank you. Thank you for your grace." Amen. Thank you for a voice, amen, in my life. God bless you. Amen. Thank you for all that wonderful worship. Do you love the Lord Jesus? Amen. Don't you just appreciate the presence of the Lord that you feel Amen. in this building. Amen. This morning, just love the Lord with all my heart. Just want to say God bless you. Amen. And it's just an honor to be here with you and to uh to be joined in part of these meetings. I just want to say how much I was so blessed. I think last night, Amen. for just an opening service. Brother Matthew just did a wonderful job. Don't you just Aren't you thankful? Why don't we give the Lord a hand? My praise the Lord. Amen. I just love seeing that he just got himself out of the way and let the Holy Spirit take over. And so we just want to Amen. do our part and just consider amen myself. I really mean this just uh to be the least among anybody that could stand here and speak to you. And I'm just uh thankful for the grace God has had in my own life. I'm thankful to Brother Tim. Amen. And he's been a real friend to me and and for the vision that he had for this youth camp and all of the the many many years that he has uh labored to to do this because it's a labor. It's a labor of love. Amen. And the reward is not money and the reward is not even sometimes a you know sometimes it's very thankless but the reward is an eternal reward. Amen. Of Jesus said lay up your treasures in heaven. And so I believe that every youth camp, what are we doing? We're storing up our treasures. Who is the treasure? You. Amen. The souls of God's family. that that even just one soul would come to the kingdom of God. Then every effort would be worth it. Friends, I just want to say on that day, it'll be worth it all. It'll be worth every youth camp. It'll be worth every prayer. It'll be it'll be worth every tear that you shed. Amen. Let me say that to the parents who sent their young people. It'll be worth every dollar you spent. It'll be worth every sorrow you had to go through. And every time mothers had to be on their knees, pleading out for the blood of Jesus to protect their children. on that day when we've all finally made it home, it'll all be worth it then. Amen. So, just press the battle. Keep keep doing as as uh as brother Matthew said last night, turn the corner. Amen. The Lord has more for us. And I just say, Lord, if you have more than I want to receive it. Amen. Thank you. Amen. For this opportunity to be here. And and I was uh 13, I think, years old when I came here the first time. And somehow this building looked a lot different. I think it was I was looking that way. And uh and so things have changed. Time has changed. But God has never changed. Amen. Friends, the world is changing rapidly. But we've got a we've got a God who never changes. Amen. And his promises are yay and amen. And they're still the same today as they were the day they were written. Amen. Well, if you have your Bible, turn to the book of Daniel, chapter 3. Amen. Daniel, chapter 3. Praise the Lord. You believe the Lord has something for you this morning. Amen. I was I was just um so blessed last night as I said and and the Lord just confirmed something. Amen. So supernatural confirmed what I'm going to preach this morning and what I'll preach this evening. Amen. And and I said it and brother Tim probably didn't know why I said it but I said instead of saying amen I said thank you and I said it you know unknowingly because I was saying thank you Lord that you just confirmed your word just like that. Amen. So thank you. Amen. Thank you to brother Matthew for yielding his vessel. Amen. I want to preach to you. Turn it back to where it was. It was sounding good up here till that I I need it here to be wonderful. Thank you brother. I would like to minister to you on a thought. Amen. The Lord just gave me recently and I I just believe it'll be a blessing. I want to title this standing up to your bully. Now, whether you know it or not, your whole life you've had it. Every single one of us has a different one. But each one of us have a bully that tries to push us into corners our whole life. Brother Brandham said that even at the young age, he would have given his heart to the Lord years before he did, but a spirit had hung over his life. What was that? That was that bully. Amen. Always trying to intimidate. Always trying to stoke fear. And and he said, "I would have surrendered." And he he tells us later that was a voice in his life saying, "Oh, you got time. You know, it doesn't have to be today. You got time. Just keep living your life." And he said that spirit hung over his life and he should have surrendered his life to the Lord years before that. But that spirit hung over him. I want to say Lord don't let any spirit hang over my life to keep me from the time that the Lord is calling me. Amen. Daniel chapter 3. We just want to begin reading here very familiar scripture. Um Daniel chapter 3. We know this very well. Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold. We're going to skip down past some of this. He he invites all of the verse two, the captains and the princes and the governors and the judges, all the important people, the sheriffs, the counselors. And it says in verse four, then a herald cried aloud and it said to you it is commanded all people, nations, and languages that at what time you hear the sound. And notice how that music is going to play a very important role. You see, music has creates has the ability to create an atmosphere. And let me just say this that there is a certain tune that the rest of the world is marching to. But there is also a beat that the bride of Jesus Christ is to be marching to. And we're not to align oursel to the world or the rhythm of the world, but you've been called out of that rhythm and to a rhythm from above. And notice here he says when you hear the sound of this music, the flute, the cornet, the harp, all of these instruments, and it says that uh if you fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king has set up, notice the intimidation immediately. All right? And who so fallth not down and worshipeth shall that same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. Therefore, at that time when all the people heard the sound of all the music, the Bible says they fell down and worshiped. Wherefore at that time certain Shaldanss came near and accused the Jews. They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, "Oh king, live forever. Thou, oh king, has made a decree that every man that shall hear the sound of the all of this music shall fall down and worship the golden image. And who so fallth not down and worshipeth shall he be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. There are certain Jews. Uh-huh. There are certain ones. You see, you say, "Why you got to be different?" Because they were made to be different. Let me say this to you young people. You were not made to fit in. You were made to stick out. You were made to be an example to the devil that in the darkest age, in the most wicked time, when the whole atmosphere is against you, that you'll keep your testimony that Jesus is still the same today, yesterday, and he'll be the same forever more. Let me say it this way. You were made to be different. says that they were certain who the Bible says in verse 12, Shadrach, Meek, and Abedneo. These men, oh king, have not regarded thee. They serve not thy God, nor worshiped the golden image that thouast set up. Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. Then they brought them in before the king. Nebuchadnezzar spake and said, notice his words. Come on, guys. Really? Really? You got to be odd. You got to stick out. Come on, guys. Really? You going to do this? I mean, everybody's Everybody's going this. You just go with the flow, Shadrach. Come on. Your whole school's doing it. Why you got to be different? Why you got to be an oddball? Why you got Why you got to stick out like that? I'll tell you why. Because I was designed to be different than you. I am not them. You are not them. And they are not you. I want to let that sink in. Let me say it again. You are not them. and they are not you. So don't try to look like them. Don't try to dress like them. We shouldn't try to preach like them. We shouldn't try to sing like them. God made us different by design. And he says here, notice, is it true? Come on, guys. Really, you you want to be different. He says, come on. Is it true? Shadrach, Meack, and Abedneo. Verse 14, he says, is it true? Do you do you, he says, do you not serve my gods nor worship the golden image? Now, now notice verse 15. If you be ready that at the time, in other words, go ahead and play the play it again, boys. These guys just made an innocent mistake. All right, you see what the devil didn't realize is that their conviction went further than their mom, than their dad, than their pastor. But the real believer's conviction goes way down into the cavern of your soul. And it doesn't matter if the whole world goes against you, you will keep your ground and stand up to your bully. And he says, "If you be ready that you hear that Shadrach, Mach verse 16 of Abedneo answered and said, I love this answer. Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." Let's pray. Lord, we thank you for your reading of your word this morning. Already feeling the uncction of the spirit. Lord, I just want to say today, I'm so grateful, Lord, that you called me. I'm so grateful that you chose me, Lord, but I feel so unworthy at times. Feels Lord, like I'm the last one, Lord, but your grace somehow has prevailed in my life. All of us, no doubt, feel that way, Lord. I pray God that at this moment that we could just pull up a chair to your table Lord and all of us would raise hands and say, "Lord, I'm needy this morning and I just want a touch from you." Oh God, bless those hands up to say, "Lord, come and touch me by your word. May it sink further than my than skin deep. May it go down to the very soul, Lord, and change us, Father, the very nature." We pray. Grant it, Lord, we ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. It's amazing and so powerful to me because you look at this and you can see that Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo, this answer that they give him was very firm. It was a very firm answer and and uh there was no second-guing it. Let's keep reading it here if we could. You keep your Bible open there in verse 16. I want you to notice the answer that he gives them. The Bible says, "Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo answered." This was their answer and said to the king, "You see, there's there's ve something very important with how you stand." There's something very important because there's no question the devil will come at you. There's no question the devil's going to come and attack you. And in fact, his voice in this age is louder than it's ever been before. It's more bold. It's in your face more than it's ever been before. And so, it's very critical where you stand. It's important what you believe. You see, what you believe will determine how you live. I realized that a long time ago. What a person believes. That's why it's important that we know, not our mom, what our mom told us, what our daddy told us, what the pastor tells us, but we know within oursel as the Bible says, I know in whom I have believed. How you believe will determine how you live. And how you live will determine your habits. Your habits will determine your character. And your character will ultimately determine your destiny. And so your the to a believer, your conviction runs very deep. It's very important where you stand and what you do when the devil comes attacking you. You don't have to turn, but in second Kings chapter 20, it's an amazing story of a of a of a backsliding king, a man uh who was an Israelite, one who was no different really than Shadrach or Meshack and Abedneo. But but yet there was something that in his testimony that when the enemy came against him, his answer was so very different than Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. In fir in in first Kings chapter 20, the Ben Benhaden is the name of this evil man. And his name actually means the son of whirlwinds. That's what his name means. You see, Hayden was his dad. And his dad, his name literally meant the king of the whirlwind. In other words, this was an evil man. This wasn't an Israelite. And here's his son who was going to be like the reincarnation of his father, Ben Hayden. You pick it up in in in in First Kings chapter 20, it says, "Ben Hayden, the king of Syria, gathered all his army together. 32 kings were with him, horses and chariots, and they went up and closed in on Samaria and fought against it." So notice here was an Israelite king, and he here's an army that's going to come against him. the whirlwind's coming. And notice the threat or the intimidation of this bully as Ben Hayden says to him and he says he said he sent messengers into the city of Ahab, king of Israel, and he said, "Thus Seth Ben Hayden, your silver and your gold are mine. Your best wives and children are also mine." Yeah. So notice immediately the voice of the bully will always try to intimidate you or strike fear in your heart. Now remember brother Brandham said there's only two conduits either fear doubt or faith. And let me say that if God works through faith then the devil works through fear. And he uses words as any bully does as you know this very well that a bully you know I I had one in my life at a very young age a man a boy at school and he wanted to fight me and I was not much of a fighter. I'll be honest with you my brother was the big fighter in the family and it could have been a could have been a boxer but man I I didn't I I I didn't like to fight. didn't like to quarrel or or like to tangle. But you know this there comes something I don't care if you're a fighter if you're not a fighter. There comes something in everybody that if you push that person hard enough if you push that person deep enough and you keep on and you're persistent finally even the even the you know the the the biggest person who doesn't want to fight finally says you know what if you want to if you want to go man let's go. And so this boy just wanted to fight me. So, I told him to come to my neighborhood on, you know, on Saturday and and he'll fight me. Told him where I live. Well, guess what? He's my age, but he shows up with his 18-year-old brother, and I'm 14 years old. And now he's too afraid to fight me. So, he sends his 18-year-old brother to come and fight me. I couldn't believe it. Well, I you know what? I I wasn't about to go face this guy, man. He was He was a foot taller than me, wingspan, way bigger than me. And so, I went I said, "Man, I'm not fighting your brother." I went and you know what I did? I had a brother, too. And so I went and my brother was just I don't want to tell the whole thing. I'm fighting to tell it because it'll embarrass me. But but let's just say it was Sunday morning and we were we should have been getting ready for church. And and so I wake my brother up and I'll never forget as I stir him. You know, something was so different in him because the second you said fight, he said, "Sign me up." And it didn't matter the size, didn't matter how big, didn't matter the threat. And I woke up my brother Jonathan. I never forget that moment when I said, "You got a brother? I got a brother, too." And I told him, I said, "You know, Josh's got his brother Charles. He's bigger than me. And he's 18-year-old." My brother was only 15, but he looked about 19. And and and he's great big old broad shoulder, wide guy like your son, Matthew, a big old guy. And and on and and you know what? We we we went outside and they had went to the next neighborhood. And and so I go over to the we go over to the next neighborhood and here he was, man. Big old guy with his threats and you know his his insults and and you know that's what that's exactly how the devil is. He'll try to do all the tra he'll try to talk to you and and and tell you he ain't nothing and and and intimidate you and use words of fear and listen friends, sometimes we be honest, sometimes he's a lot bigger than us as far as strength and muscles. He's a lot taller, might be a lot bigger. Goliath was a lot bigger than David. And here he was with his with his threats. But you know what? My brother was not afraid. But my dad always taught us something. He said, "Listen," he said, and my dad always raised us this way. He said, "You ain't if you throw the first punch, you're going to have to answer to me. But if you don't throw the second punch, you're going to have to answer to me." In other words, if you don't defend yourself, we got a problem. And so my brother knew that. He wasn't allowed to throw the first punch. He's sitting there on his bicycle like this. And and man, that that guy's, you know, much taller and you could it is so funny seeing the his his little brother that God was supposed to fight me, man. He was so, you know, behind him and he was so big, you know, and so bad, you know, when he had his big old brother like that. And so I just watched and watched my brother Jonathan. He sat there on the bike. He said, "Hey man, why why you doing this? You know, you come out here, my brother's younger than you. You're going to fight him?" He said, "Oh, you want to fight me?" Just waited for that moment. Well, he kicked he kicked the spokes of my brother's bike. And I thought, uhoh, that was a big mistake, buddy. My brother gently put down that bike and he said, "Go ahead, Charles. Go ahead. Hit me. Do something." Man, he tried, you know, he was too much of a, you know, a coward. Rather than throwing a punch, he tried to tried to kick him, uh, you know, in the spot that really hurts for a guy. And my brother moved back like that. And I'll never forget, it was like one motion, man. He jumped to dodged that kick and when he came down he rared back and pow and that big old giant hit the ground. My brother got on top of him said started beating him said you had enough. I tell you what it was. There was a bully in my life but I had a big brother who is greater than my bully. And let me tell you something. You might have something attacking you in your life. But you've got a brother. You've got a savior. And he's the mighty conqueror. He ain't never lost a battle. Hallelujah. But he used the threats and the intimidation to try to, you know, to try to back him up into a corner and say, "You ain't nobody. You never do anything." It's just like this man met Hayden. You know, your silver is mine. Your gold is mine. Listen to this. Your best wives are mine. Your children are mine. The king of an Listen to what the king of Israel answered. The king of Israel answered and said, "As you say, my Lord, notice, no [Music] resistance, no fight, no argument. Didn't even negotiate. Your silver's mine, your gold's mine," the bully said. "Your wife's mine, your children's mine." And yet there was something in this man's heart that was so fearful that he actually just said, "As you say, Lord, as you say, Ben Hayden, as you say, whirlwind, you're going to come and take my family. You're going to come and take my health. You're going to come and take my body." Listen, friends, if you let hell, hell will control your life. It'll control your testimony. Let me just say this. If you don't learn to resist the devil, he won't stop. He'll keep coming. He'll keep punching. He'll keep coming at you. And if he listen friends, he wants to destroy you. He doesn't just want to hurt your feelings. Come on. He doesn't even just want to injure you. He wants to take your life. And yet there was nothing in this man that could stand up to this bully. He says, "As you say, shocked by those words, listen to this. as you say, my lord, oh king, I am yours. And all that I have is yours. All right. I'm afraid that's many times like some of us to where we've gotten so used to the attack of the devil, the bully in our life that we can still serve the Lord, we can still love the Lord, but we allow that bully just to stay present in our life. And if we're not careful, we'll we'll we'll start to do a negotiation with the devil. And so here was this king and he literally starts to negotiate a surrender. He starts to negotiate a surrender. And if we're not careful, I just feel the Holy Spirit right now. If we're not careful, we'll make a negotiation with the devil and say, "As long as you let me do this and and I'll give you this and this and this." Listen, friends, you ain't got to make a negotiation with the devil today. You don't have to back down to that bully. You don't have to surrender to his taunting and his threats. Can I just say it this way? You need to learn to talk back to the devil and channel the voice of God in your life and speak to that spirit in your life. Can I say it this way? Don't let the devil do all the trash talking. Don't let the devil tell you, "I'm going to have you. I'm going to take your body. I'm going to take your job." You got to fight back at that devil. You got to speak and say, "You can't have me, Satan. You can't have my body. You can't have my mother. You can't have my father. You can't have this church. You got to speak back to that bully. Amen. Nebuchadnezzar, notice this answer. Can we go back to our story here in Daniel chapter 3 before we run out of time this morning? Notice the difference in these boys. Shadrach, verse 16 of Daniel chapter 3. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo answered and said to the king, "Oh, Nebuchadnezzar, notice this. Turn in your Bible, Daniel 3. If you don't have it, don't just let me read it. I want you to read it. Nebuchadnezzar. Oh, if you be ready, then at the time you hear the sound of all this music and all of the atmosphere and everything's going that way, guys. When you hear it again, just bow on down. Just just just submit. Just go with the flow. Just be like everybody. It'll all be okay for you. Yeah. You know, you don't have to tell anybody you're a believer. You just keep that part quiet. Come on. You don't have to really make yourself odd or make yourself weird. Do we have to be so weird and so odd? You don't have to really, you know, stand out. Just just sort of, you know, fit in. Let me say that's a lot easier for a guy than it is a girl. Let me just preach here for a moment, guys. God's calling you to make a stand. God ain't calling you to fit in and to mel mold and and just be, you know, just meld into the rest of the world and Lady Aa and the spirits of this age. God is calling this age of men. Where is men of God that'll make a stand for the word of God? Men of principle that doesn't care what the what my friend does. Doesn't matter what the rest of the school does. Your conviction runs deep. Amen. Amen. Oh, just be like everybody else, you know, just sort of fit in. You know, you know, when you hear the sound, Nebuchadnezzar says, "Then you know, notice this answer in verse 16. I love it so much. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego and answered and said unto the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." Let me give you my generation's words of their answer. Satan, talk to the hand. Or talk to the elbow cuz you ain't worth the extension. Listen friends, the moment you start talking to the devil, you have given him too much credit. The moment you start speaking to the devil, Shadrach said, "I don't even have to answer you, Satan. You don't deserve a moment of my time. You don't deserve a moment of my energy. You don't deserve a conversation. We're not careful to answer thee." Listen to this answer. If so, if it be so, our God whom we serve, how many can say this, is able. Here's my answer. Satan, you might taunt me. You might tempt me. You might put me in a fire, but I want you to know my God is able to deliver me. My God is able to deliver me out of the fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thy hand, oh king. I love this answer, my brother, my sister, because it's a firm answer. It's a firm answer. It's a principle. They stood upon something. They weren't ashamed of it. They didn't matter if it cost their life. Now, I want to show you here for a moment what a true stand is because many people can have this verse kind of faith. But can you go further than verse 17? Verse 18 says, "But if not, hold on, hold on. We were talking about God and God is able. He's going to deliver. He's going to heal. He's going to save you. See, many people can have that kind of faith. And that's wonderful. We believe God can. We believe God will. But you'll never stand in this generation with verse 17 faith. Amen. You see, only verse 18 faith produced the fourth man in the middle of the fire. It wasn't until the principle of standing when Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo could say, "Our God's able. Our God can. But I want you to hear me, Satan. I want to make sure you hear my testimony. I want to make sure you know how deep my conviction is. Even if he doesn't, I don't mean that God ain't a healer. If he doesn't deliver, that don't mean he ain't a deliverer. I want you to know, Satan, I'm not going to bow. I'm not going to compromise. I'm not going to back up. I will stand for Jesus. I will stand for the message of the hour. I will stand with a bold faith that says it doesn't matter what happens to me. Be it known, oh king, we will not bow. Glory. This was a true man. This was a true faith. This is what it means to stand up to your bully. Yes, sir. You see, it was this kind of faith that was so that is so lost. Can I just preach here for a moment? It's this kind of faith that is so lost in our generation. It's the kind of world I just be honest with you, friends, that we live in to where nobody wants to take a stand. I'm not talking about a political stand. I'm not talking about, you know, wearing Trump stickers on your on your shirt and MAGA hats. I'm not I'm not talking about any of that. I'm not talking about some kind of political stand, but I'm talking about standing for the word. Standing for the way that's unpopular, standing when nobody else can stand with you. You see, it was this kind of generation. Did you know that actually it would be prophesied uh that that that men would lose their identity? That women would lose their identity. We've gotten to such a place to where everybody's so afraid. I was watching a man preach a mega church pastor, not criticizing the man at all. Uh you no no doubt doing what he thinks is best to do. And here he's before his whole crowd of people and and you know and he's trying so hard to make a speech about the transgender and the homosexual, you know, LGBT kind of thing. And and here he is, he's got all this pressure, man. And you could tell he's just trying to be so careful. He's he won't even talk. He's just reading, you know, to make sure he doesn't, you know, make a mistake in the way he says it. He's trying to be, you know, I I He's trying to, you know, well, we we we I just want you to to know he's trying to, you know, find where he stands that no, we don't believe in in in gay life, but but, you know, we we also don't want to, you know, be weird and and, you know, and and and upset anybody and make anybody mad. And he's trying to sort of, you know, somewhere find the balance in the two. He's just, you know, and he says, "I I just want to say we welcome you, LGBT. We love you." And and and we just want you to know that God loves you. and and and and I thought, my goodness, what I'm so glad I don't have to stand there in that pull pit and care about what CNN's going to say or Fox is going to say or the school's going to say or the community is going to say. I thought, man, you don't realize that the only thing that will set them free is if you speak the truth. Can I just say this? The only thing that will set people free is sometimes you just got to say it the way it was spoken. And he's up there trying to dance around and dance around and dance around and walk on eggshells. I thought to myself, this is exactly a perfect portrait of the world. Everybody's got to walk on eggshells and got to be careful how you say it. Make sure you don't say it too harsh and make sure you know. And if that's not the spirit that comes like a bully trying to intimidate us, say, you know, don't be so weird now. You ain't got to say God. You ain't got You ain't got to quote the prophet so much. You ain't got to say brother Brandham. Don't be weird now. You know, you know there's a spirit trying to water things down. And you know that was oldfashioned, brother Tim. And brother Bandham said that years ago. Wasn't he a little out of touch with you know with with our gener? Don't we have to you know we can just change it. We can you know we can modernize the message you know make it more palpable so people will you know accept it more. If we we just stop making ourselves so weird, you know, more people I I got news for you. The message isn't for everybody. The message isn't for the whole world. We're not trying to change it or or what don't you realize when you water it down, you abort its effect in your life as a cleansing token. [Music] And we got to change it. We got to modernize it. Oh, I got to preach this here today. You help me preach. The Bible was never written to be accepted by the whole world. I said the Bible was not even written to be accepted by all of the world. And it wasn't meant Let me just say this here today. Your Bible is the most controversial book that's ever been written. Jesus didn't say there's many ways. He said, "I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life. There is no other way to the father outside of me." Listen, the that the Bible was never meant to be accepted by everybody. It was meant to be a sword [Music] and it divides the truth from the error. And we live in such a climate to where everybody's, you know, so backed up and afraid. Don't hurt their feelings. I got news for you. Feelings are overrated. [Applause] Put that on a t-shirt and wear it. Everybody's so so afraid to say something wrong. This is the age that we live in. Oh, I can hear a prophet saying, and I love this so much when he's talking about men. He says, "Dear God, I pray." He says, "We took we look at these boys just look so much like girls wearing clothes like them. We can see girls trying to act like boys and see women and men in this perverted age. See, sex appeal has become an idol of worship. The gospel has been pushed out to one side and the nakedness in the Lady of Sea of Church. Oh God, he says, "What an hour, Lord Jesus, make yourself known. Oh God, that's like the pull pit." Uhoh. You see, brother Brandon would prophesy of this and he would say that parent de child delinquency is only the cause or the root or the offspring of parent delinquency. You see, when parents don't make a stand and they're jellyfish and don't really live a bold life, then the children don't know where to stand. The children just become a bunch of lukewarm somewhere halfway in the middle. That's right. But then, Brother Brandham took it further than that and said, "It's not even just parent delinquency. It's pullpit delinquency because men won't say the truth like it was spoken." Brother Bham said, "That's like the pullpit." And I love this so much. Where is man? Where is man? Man, that's man that stands for a principle. Where is women that stands for a principle? Where's a church that stands for a principle? I ain't got a nickels worth of time for a wishy-washy, give in, compromising spirit. Come on, can you help me preach? A woman is a woman, let her be a lady. If a man is a man, let him be a man. Say, Brother Matt, how did we get to this condition? How did we arrive here? And it's not just the United States of America. In fact, we're one of the last, right? To to where the world doesn't know what a woman is, right? Doesn't know what a man is. And they're afraid to to define it. They're afraid to speak it. I tell you why. Because there's a bully in this agemen that it's got everybody so fearful to say it. Listen, I'm not talking about being, you know, a chauvinist and just being mean. The real nature of Christ. You're a gentleman. That's right. But let me just say this. We had the example through a seventh angel messenger that was humble, that loved everybody, but he had a backbone and he stood for a principle and he would not compromise the word of God. You say, "Brother Matt, what did he do?" He had the He had the the nature of Christ in that he was loving. He never drew circles. Come on, somebody. In fact, he drew circles bigger. Amen. But yet, he stood for the truth. Hallelujah. And we've gotten to the place in our world to where it's in our schools, it's in our government, it's in our colleges, it's in our university. And I just want to say it. It ain't just the northerners. Come on, Southerners. It ain't just the Yankees. It ain't just the Canadians. Sorry. It ain't just the Europeans. It's going all the way down into the Bible belt to where churches are compromising. Ain't getting a got their they're they're hilings afraid to say anything. That's right. But it ought not to be with the message of the hour. If there's anybody who can take the truth, it's the bride of Jesus Christ. If there's anybody that'll say, "Preach the word of God. Preach it for the man. Don't be fearful of what I think. Don't compromise the word of God for what I think. Preach it just the way it was spoken by a prophet. That's right. It's gotten to where men don't know what a man is. Don't even know what bathroom to use. Say, "How did it happen?" I tell you how it happened. Was it just an accident, Brother Matt? You know, just a just, you know, a low time in history. No, friends. It was actually prophesied. If you go back and study the seven visions brother Brandham had, it was the fifth vision that he actually seen the mistaken identity of men and women. And he said the woman got out of her place. And he said the man is out of his place. He's she's wearing he's wearing his she he's wearing her underneath garments. That's shorts in case you didn't know that. Uh oh. Brother Matt, you got to preach on shorts. I'm not talking about YouTube shorts. He says, "She's wearing," and let me tell you what a prophet said. A prophet said, "The only man that'll put those on is a sissy." Amen. So, Brother Tim told me years ago, he told the young people, "I don't mind if you wear your shorts. Just put your britches on over them before you walk outside." You say, "Oh, brother Matt, do do you believe that?" Yeah. I'm happen to be one of those who believe, as Jesus said, "Oh, fools and slow of heart to believe all." Somebody say, "All that the prophets have spoken." I happen to be one of those who happen to believe. All that the prophets have spoken. [Applause] And a man ought to be a man. He ought not to be wearing those shorts out in public. Well, I'm just playing basketball, brother Matt. I'm just playing, you know, sports. Listen, I I'm talking about a Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo that where the rest of the world was going one way, they were not afraid to stick out. They were not afraid to stand up. They were not afraid to say, "I'm not ashamed. I won't compromise. I won't make excuses. I've got a conviction to stand for the word of God. Don't know what a man is. Don't know what a This is prophesied in the fifth vision. In fact, it would go worse than that to where men doesn't know what in so much that brother Brandham would say like this. He says, "Where's man that stands for a principle? If he's a president, where's our John Quincy Adams? Where's our Abraham Lincoln's men of principle?" Where's our Patrick Henry that said, "Give me liberty or give me death." And I'm afraid some of us would quicker deny and and compromise the truth if it meant it lost we lost our house. It's true. Amen. We live in an age to where I wonder if some people would still stand for the truth if it meant they lost their home or their job or their career. What about losing your life? Yeah. Come on. I'm talking about people that could literally not count their lives as worth anything outside of the stand they took for Jesus Christ. The Bible says they love their lives not unto death. Men of principle who stood for the word of God. Didn't matter what it cost them. Didn't matter who turned against them. Sometimes, friend, the greatest thing you'll ever have to do is stand your ground when you're all by yourself. and the whole world walks away from you. And your mom walks away, your dad walks away, and you're the only person standing. Well, I got news. You're not the only one standing, but there's a host of angels that are encamped about you, that are pushing and pulling for you. There's a God who'll never leave you. Regardless of the whole world, Brother Brandham says, where's a man that stands for what's right? Where's a man that's not afraid to speak out regardless if the whole world's against him? Speak out for what's right and stand for it and die for it. Where's our Arnold von Winker right again today? Where is men of integrity? Where is men with spirit? Oh, I feel this right now, my brother, my sister. Where is man with spirit, with passion that's not afraid to take a stand for the Lord? Where is men who stands for the truth of God's word and won't compromise for any amount of money, for any amount of success, for any amount of comfort in life? Where's men with spirit? They're so wishy-washy until they don't know where they stand. True. Amen. Yeah. Preaching to you today on standing up to your bully. And the prophet of God would say this, and I just want to take just a turn here. Can you go with me? You see, it was actually prophesied. This was actually prophesied in our generation that the Bible says that there would come a day when people could not endure sound doctrine. That's right. Amen. That they literally could not take preaching the truth. That they would turn the truth unto fables. The Bible says with itching ears they would heap unto themselves teachers. And what does people do today? Who's their teacher? www.google.com. Come on. I wonder what Google says about brother Brandham. Come on. I wonder what Google says about Well, I tell you what. I wonder what Google You want to go that route. Go find out what Google says about Jesus. Go find out about what Jesus said what what Google says about Paul. I'm going to tell you friends what you'll find. You'll find a bottomless pit of doubt and fear and faithlessness and unbelief that won't lead you to any answers. It won't lead you in any solid ground. It'll lead you down a path that goes for Listen friends, it'll take you further than you could ever imagine. Yes, sir. You want to talk about facts and what Google says? Listen, friends, I don't need to know what Google says. The greatest proof that I have that the message of the hour is a message from the throne. It's not what I read. It's not what I hear. It's what I live and what's what it's done in my own life. That's the proof of the message of the hour is that it changes me into the image of this word. But it would become such a day and it would become to the place and brother Bham says that he says I prophesy to you in the name of the Lord the world will go completely insane and you are living in Satan's Eden in the darkest age to where men have become lovers of their own self. I'm just preaching this. I'm just feeling the Holy Spirit right now. Men will become lovers of their own self. What does that mean, brother Matt? That they stand in the mirror and go, "Oh, look at me." I hope nobody does that. But lover of your own self actually just means that you exalt what you research, what you think critically, what you rationalize, what you reason with that you exalt that so high above the knowledge of truth that men have became such lovers of their own self. This is the age of self. It's the age of selflove. And the B and brother Bam says what was it? It was a spirit that would come on the age. It was a spirit that would become not just a spirit, a demon spirit, but it would actually be an anointing that colored an entire group, an entire age of people. You see, there's an anointing upon this age. In the book of Revelations, chapter nine, I I think this is so powerful. If you got if you got the slide, you can go ahead and put it up. Listen to what John Wesley says here. John Wesley says this, and I thought this was just such a powerful statement. He says here, I'm just waiting for the brother to get it up. If you if you got that, good. If not, if it don't work, don't even worry about it. You got that on the screen. I'm just going to read it to you. John Wesley says, "What one generation tolerates, listen to this. What one generation tolerates, the next generation will embrace." I'm going to say that again. what one generation tolerates. Remember how brother Brandham said in the church age and in the seals he said that it started out as a saying, right? Then it moved from that and the people got a little bit more used to it, a little bit more used to it and then it became a doctrine and it was crowned eventually became the un un you know controvertible unnegotiable non-arguable dogma. But it starts as just a saying. It starts that's how the devil starts in your life. He starts with just a saying and then before long you tolerate him long enough and long enough and long enough before you know it he's in control of your whole life. And Wesley says what one generation tolerates the next generation will embrace. You got that brother? Can you can you display that? You going to be able to get it or no? It's okay. It's all right. I emailed it over to where Mike said that's okay. Lord knows. I want you to notice this because actually if you study your Bible and look in Revelations chapter 9, thank you. You look in Revelations chapter nine, it talks about these 200 million demons, spirits, chargers. Now remember, brother Brandham said these were not natural horses, though they had breastplates, though they had all these colors and they had fire breathing the out of the horse's mouth. But the prophet of God said these were demon chargers that were held at the river Euphrates. Now listen to me young people just here for a moment because the prophet of God says notice where Euphrates river is. If you ever look on a map you'll find that you that there was three rivers the Tigris the Nile and the Euphrates. And actually it's the Mesopotamia that Abraham comes from. Meso means between Patamia the rivers. And so Abraham actually came from this land over the Euphrates. Sojourned into what we call Judea, the Judean Valley or what's known as modern Israel. And I want you to notice this here because this is what the spirit, the Bible prophesies that at the river Euphrates. So what's on the other side of the Euphrates? Israel, the land of Judea. This is what the Bible depicts. I just used chat GPT for a really good purpose. You could use this for some really bad purposes. I love it when it gives me some good answers. I was talking to her the other day and I I said, "Hey, tell me what, you know, can you tell me how many genders there are?" Man, it showed its true colors, buddy. It showed its true colors. Oh, well, gender is, you know, a very subjective topic. And you you could talk to it now and very subjective. And you got to understand that there's all kinds of I said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I just interrupt. Hold on a minute. If I was to bring someone back from 150 years ago and I was to ask them the question how many genders there are, what would they answer? Here was his answer. Well, hypothetically, if you were to take someone back from 150 years ago, no doubt they would answer that there's only two genders. But I said, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no butts. I don't want to hear anything else. I already got my answer." You see, if you would ask someone, "What's changed?" God hasn't changed. His word hasn't changed. His standard hasn't changed. The message hasn't changed. The only thing that's changed is them. And so, notice this was I said, "Chad, give me a a picture, a depiction of Revelations 9," Brother Brandham says in Revelations chapter 9, 13th verse, notice under the sixth trumpet. Revelations 9:13 under the sixth trumpet. Note there was 200,000 that were had been bound in the river Euphrates was turned loose under the sixth trumpet. It wasn't natural horses. They breathed fire at breastplates of jasper. Had tails and at the end of the tail looked like a serpent, a snake's head on the end of it stinging. See, it was spiritual horses, spiritual devils, chargers that had been bound. Notice if you read Revelations 9, it says they were held until a certain day, a certain hour, a certain moment. Yeah. In other words, this wasn't random. This wasn't just happen stance, just whatever. But God knew the very moment that these spirits, these chargers would be released. The prophet of God said, "I'll release under that sixth trumpet." So notice here there was demon spirits bound, waiting, wanting, desiring to cross the Euphrates. What's on the other side of the Euphrates? Israel. Say why, brother Matt? Does Satan hate Israel? Is it the Hebrew language? No. Is it the long, you know, tassels that they wear down the some of the acidic Jews? No, it ain't got nothing to do with Is it their skin color? Why does the devil hate? He could pick on anybody. He could attack anybody. Yeah. But the entire world is against this little bitty tiny insignificant seemingly country called Israel. Come on. You can pick on the rest of the world, but you're going to single out one. Is it their language? Is it their skin color? Is it the name? No, brother. I'm going to tell you one very simple reason why the devil hates Israel. It's because God loves Israel. I said there's one reason. Because God said, "I chose you above every nation, above every people, above every tongue. It didn't have to do with your worth. It didn't have to do with your behavior. It's election." That election might stand. God has chosen Israel. And you'll never make sense out of predestination. You'll say, "Why didn't God choose them? Why did God choose me?" It's fair. It's not about fair or unfair. It's about elective love. And you ought to just say, "Thank you, God, that I'm part of the family of God. Thank you that election has stood for me. That's why the devil hates Israel because they're a tiny little nation. And if you didn't know this, then nothing of what you see in the world would make any sense. That's right. How is it, brother Timothy, that that that deans of colleges, professors, schools, governments, how is it hearing a senator up just a little while ago saying that we ought to we ought to consider cutting all support for Israel unless they line up and do what the you do what do what we're telling them recommending them to do it. You say, how would it be that men here was men? These weren't these weren't monsters. They were they were under a spirit. But how did these men get in their cars, get in their vehicles, and invade that land and kill mothers and kill babies? Say, "I can't make any sense of it, brother Matt. I'll tell you, there's only one thing that'll make sense, and that's this prophecy in Revelations chapter 9." And a vindicated prophet said, "There's a modern event. It'll be made clear by prophecy." You won't be able to make sense out of this world. Friend, listen. Without the message of the hour, the light from the throne of God, you will never make sense in the world. There's only one that I'm so glad I've got a vindicated message that I don't have to question. I don't have to wonder what's happening in the world. It's already been spoken because listen, the White House isn't controlling prophecy. I'm going to tell you something. It don't matter if there's a Trump, if there's a Biden. It doesn't Oh, I'm so glad. Listen, friends, I'll give you the words of a prophet. It doesn't matter if you put a George Washington and an Abraham Lincoln on every street corner. It'll never turn it around. You say, "Brother Matt, how why is it happening?" I'll tell you why it's happening. Because a book that they have kicked out of their schools that they have been afraid to quote. Because a God who revealed himself, they have rejected. And it's a book of prophecy. That's right. Amen. And he said it'll come so much so listen to this that those spirits, those chargers, what was it? The old Roman Empire being revived, the persecution of the Jews been bound for nearly 2,000 years at the river Euphrates can't cross to the promise. Religious sect that was trying to get to the other side. Euphrates, you know, come through Eden. But they were bound there. 200,000 devils of persecution. Notice what happens under that sixth trumpet. They were turned loose on the Jews spiritually. the persecution of the Jews, supernatural devils nearly 2,000 years then loosed notice by Stalin Kitner. Uhhuh. So you mean that what happened in the 40s with a little boy from Austria and he didn't know that God was anointing him listen to fulfill prophecy he didn't know but him yielding his vessel to the wrong things and he grew up to be one of the greatest bullies in history. Hitler didn't know. Brother Brandham says, notice this here, under that sixth seal. Listen, we know the sixth seal is an interruption of nature. Brother Brandham says it's the what is it? It's the persecution. It's the tribulation. But notice here under that sixth seal, you say, "Brother Matt, but we're not in the tribulation." You know how I know we're not in the tribulation? Cuz I'm still here. When you get a revelation of that, you can you don't have to fear. You don't have to go to bed worried at night. There's a reason why the rapture hasn't happened because I'm still here. And notice this here. But the prophet says that under that sixth seal, under that trumpet, he says it this way in the sixth seal that there was released an amateur tribulation. An amateur tribulation. And he anointed men like Stalin, Hitler, Mussolini, Ikeman. These men didn't know they were coming under an anointing to fulfill scripture. That under that trumpet there was released a power or an anointing that could take a man like Hitler and anoint an entire world, an entire generation of young people. I just want to preach this here for a moment that he didn't realize when he would speak those words, listen to this, when he would get up there with his with his sermons, cuz that's what they were. Listen to me, young people. The devil's got a voice. I said the devil has a voice. The bully has a voice. That's right. And you've got to be able to decipher between the voice of the bully and the voice of God. Amen. You've got to be able to to decipher and and identify that's the devil. That's the enemy. That's not God. That's right. And his voice literally became a voice of persecution that those 200,000 chargers that he would get up there with microphone, he would take his voice. You see, there's something so powerful about a voice. That's right. There's something so powerful when it goes from thought to spoken word because words have the power to change the atmosphere. Words have the power to anoint the wrong thing or the right thing. Come on, somebody. You with me? Words have the when they go into the atmosphere and and they didn't realize it. But is this man who was under that anointing, that sixth seal, destruction, torment, persecution. Give you the words of brother Brandon. He says it in three different places. He says, "God cannot destroy the world until the world gets in the spirit of destruction first." Is that what he said? He said, "God cannot destroy the world until the world gets into the spirit of destruction first." And so they didn't realize when Hitler was speaking those words, and I'm going to tell you what they were. They were sermons. You can go back on artificial intelligence. And they have now taken the voice of Hitler in that German language, and they've kept the tonality of that voice exactly as you would hear it, but it's in English. And you could hear his speeches. And I'll tell you what you'll hear. You'll hear that he believed he was a prophet. Come on now. You might not have realized that about Adolf Hitler, but as a little boy, an Austrian boy, he starts believing that he was a prophet. And he prophesied that he would become the chancellor of Germany. All right? And he stands there in one of his speeches and he says, "I prophesied to you." And he says, "I'm like a prophet like the Old Testament prophets." Tell you what he was. He was a false prophet. And he says, "I'm a prophet." it and he says, "I prophesied to you today I will become the chancellor of Germany." And he gets up there with his words and his speeches and he and he didn't realize and you know what he did he he takes the Bible and he changes the Bible and he be creates an Aryan Bible. He takes out every reference of the Jews in that Bible and he replaces it with Aryans. Go read history. This is exactly what he did. I tell you what, it ought to be a clue to you what the devil's trying to do when he tries to change the word and water the word down and replace this with that. Be careful. Listen, friends, there's only one thing that'll set people free, and that's if we preach the truth of the word of God. You don't need to water it. You don't need to mix it. You don't need to try to dress it up. You don't need to try to modernize it. It is it's the truth with the power to change a life, but you got to preach it the way it was spoken. Oh, do we have a generation of young people that'll say, "Don't change it. Don't water it down. Preach the word of God. Preach the message of the hour. Preach it the way a prophet spoke it, brother. It's the only thing that'll set me free." Hallelujah. And you didn't realize that his words begin to become channeled. And an entire generation of young people, you go study history. I think it was for three years after the surrender and the war ended. Three years they had to have groups to it was called deprogramming the Nazi Hitler youth. Cuz he knew if he could capture the heart of young people. You see the devil knows how valuable you are. That's why he wants your standard. That's why he wants your dress code. That's why he wants your testimony. That's why he wants your voice. And he literally starts preaching these sermons and they didn't realize that his voice was created in an anointing that came upon people that kept Oh. Oh. But there was a there was a man, I love this so much. A man named Dedric Bonhifer. He was one man in the face of many who wasn't going to let the bully just do all the talking. He wasn't going to let the bully just do all the preaching. He was a minister of the gospel who stood up and all the priest all those all those all those uh you know preachers saying oh Dedric don't say nothing you got to preach to he came to preach to a massive church and he said Dedrick you know you have no reason you have a family you have children don't try to come and get he was privately telling them hey this ain't right hey this ain't right you can't just let this guy run up this guy will take over the whole world he'll destroy us all oh you know but here was the problem everybody was accepting it everybody was doing it so because everybody was doing it that must mean that it's what we should do. No, friends, it does not always. Just because the crowd's doing it, just sometimes the majority doing it is the very evidence that tells you you should go the other way. If the rest of the world is going that way, that ought to tell you you should run the other direction. Yes, sir. Dedric, don't say anything. Just just just, you know, just preach a nice little sermon. Just get up there and you know, you don't need to say anything. Yeah. What what is it? What really? This is what they told him. You know what's it? Look at what it would cost you if you get up and speak against the furer. Don't you know what's going to happen to you? This is what Dedric said. Silence in the face of evil is evil itself. Oh, that ought to raise something up inside of a real believer and say, "Satan, you done all the talking, but I'm going to take the microphone now. I'm not going to be silent because silence in the face of the evil is evil itself. I will stand against you, Satan, and I may fall down and I may mess up, but I will fight you, Satan. Oh, he says, being a Christian, I love this so much. Being a Christian is less about cautiously avoiding sin than about courageously and actively doing God's will. Oh, if we'd let some of that faith rub on us this morning, you wouldn't let the devil back you up into a corner and compromise and negotiate a surrender and a peace treaty with the devil, you'd get some courage about you to say, "Satan, you can't have me. You can't have my children. You can't have my body. You can't have my mind. I'm taking it back this morning." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he stood up. But those words begin to go into the atmosphere. Brother Brandham said that they those 200 million demons that had been bound was released upon the Jews. Persecution came. Now listen to this because brother Adam says notice this here. These men didn't realize it. Stalin, Muslim, Mussolini, Hitler, Ikeman, and it was an amateur tribulation. As he began to say those words like a bully and his words like Goliath, his words every day, the Bible says he'd come out every day and say the same thing. I defy the armies of the living God. Brother said, "But one day those words fell on the wrong ears." [Music] One day those words fell on the wrong ears. And Hitler takes over, invades Poland. They're in Glitchitz, Germany. I was there just in Poland just last year. And he in one of his last false flags as he invades Germany, invades Poland, takes over Poland. And then he he he steamrolls Poland. Steamrolls France. And it just looks like the juggernaut is just coming through and he's going to wipe everybody out. What do we do, Nebuchadnezzar? Just bow down. Just everybody bow down. Don't say anything against him. Don't make yourself odd. You might come out on the better and just negotiate a deal with him. You know, maybe he'll let us live. What? Maybe give us, you know, let us, you know, and and they get to the point to where these nations are negotiating peace treaties and and you know, and a surrender and how we're going to do it. He's just steamrolling everybody. just everybody's everybody's going everybody's walking away and here comes here comes a man by the name of Winston Churchill. Now this was a little man not very large in stature but he also had a microphone and it looked like all Britain was going to be taken. France was taken. Poland was taken. All of Europe was looked like it was going to be steamrolled. But something inside of this little man was not going to go down without a fight. Something inside of this man was not going to go down without a fight. He was going to make sure that no matter what happened, he did not stay silent, but he used his voice. And he gets on the radio and families are scared and mothers are scared and boys are scared. He speaks to those boys in Dunkirk and you can read about some of his most powerful speeches, blood, sweat, and tears and our finest hour. And he's and he what's he doing? It's an anointing because brother Brandon said every time those spirits came out against God's family, every time there went out a challenge and that black horse rider and that red horse rider and now that pale horse rider, but brother Brandon says, "But every single time God sent a rider or an anointing to meet and to to meet the challenge of the generation." Listen friends, God is not without a voice. God is not without a defense. God is not just going to back down or retreat or run away. He's going to have somebody to take a stand against the devil. And John F. Kennedy said something so powerful about him. He says, "You know what? I love this. Church Hill didn't have no army. He didn't have no army. He didn't have horses. He didn't have He didn't have tanks. He didn't have He had them, but not nearly the power. He was outnumbered 10 to one. What you gonna do, Church Hill? I mean, come on. It's a It's a matter of impossibility. You know what John F. Kennedy said about Church Hill? He said he had no army. So, he took the English language and he weaponized words and he sent them into battle. You see how powerful your words are? You say, "I might not have much." Yeah, but you got a voice. Yes, sir. Do you know victory has a voice? I said victory has a voice. Defeat also has a voice, but victory has another voice that'll speak in the face of defeat. And he said he didn't have no army. He didn't have no tanks. So he took a microphone. He gets behind that BBC microphone on the radio broadcast and he starts speaking words and his voice starts to listen. People start to hear it. Families that are backed down. Families that are in fear. Soldiers that are in fear. I love this so much. Soldiers that are in fear. I'm going to read you one of his most powerful speeches. Can I get five more minutes and then we'll close. My timer has went off. We are in eternity now. Hallelujah. And notice here's what's one of his most powerful speeches. He comes. Now listen, this is perhaps one of the most famous, but I'm going to tell you something about it. It wasn't broadcast actually to the whole world. In fact, it wasn't address given to the nation. It was actually to the House of Common. This was to soldiers. You see, there's a message that the whole world hears, but then there's a message that's for you and you only. That's right. The whole world may not hear it. Might be black hawk helicopter. Listen, for all we know right now, there's a meeting somewhere in Washington and there's blackhawk helicopters. We're about Listen, friends, I'm being honest. It might be happening right now with Iran. You know what though? None of us know about it. You know who knows about it? Those who are on a need to know basis know about it. And let me tell you something about the coming of the Lord. The whole world may not know about it, but there's those who are on a need to know basis. And when you need to know it, God will reveal it. Hallelujah. May look like the rest of the world's just going on about life, but there's a bride getting ready to get out of here. There's an army getting ready to rise up. I'm on a need to know basis. Church Hill got behind that microphone. He said, "I want to hear I want you to hear my words." I want you to hear my words. I can imagine those boys 18, 19 years old as they tuned into the radio. You see, there's something powerful about wave and sound waves. Brother Brandham says when voices go out, he says it circles the earth. When the voice of Jesus went out and said, "Whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven." and whatsoever you loose shall be loosed in heaven. Jes, the Bible says that lay your hands upon the sick, they shall recover. And brother Brandham says, notice in leadership, those voices circle the earth. They're sound waves. They never die. And they're waiting to catch a heart. They're waiting to influence somebody, somebody who can hear those words. And his words enter the atmosphere because victory has a voice. And that voice begin to speak in that little ready go. And this is one of the most powerful speeches. Oh, I feel you. Forgive me if I'm extra passionate right now because I'm not thinking of Church Hill. I'm not thinking of Great Britain. I'm not thinking of Hitler's army. I'm thinking about cancer. I'm thinking about demons. I'm thinking about depression. I'm thinking about anxiety. I'm thinking about the bully that wants to destroy you and take your home and take your family. But I got news, Satan. I resist you. I resist you in the name of the Lord. I resist you, cancer. I resist you, anxiety. I resist you, depression. I will not let hell run my life. I will not let hell control my narrative. I will speak the word of God. I will speak faith in the house of God. Churchill says he gets on that microphone and he begins to send out his voice. He says, "Even though, oh, I could imagine the fear." Could imagine the insurmountable odds of that doctor report. I could imagine the insurmountable odds. Your family left, your daddy left, your mama left, your pastor don't know what he believes now. And it's just you and you got to stand. And there's a burning fiery furnace. It's heated seven times more hot than it's ever been heated before. And Satan's threats and his intimidation. Could imagine how scary of a moment it was. So soldiers there. But here was a voice that was going to change the atmosphere. Hallelujah. And Church Hill begins to speak and he says, "Even though large tracks of Europe and many old and famous states have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and the Audius apparatus of Nazi rule." Here's what I got to say to that. We shall not fail. I got news for the devil. Even though many have walked away from the message, even though many old churches and preachers have compromised and watered down the word of God, we will not fail. We will not flag. We will not water it down. We will not compromise. A million may fall at your side, a thousand at their side, but it won't come unto you. They may fall into the grip of the Nazi rule. Churchill says, "We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France. We shall fight in the seas and the oceans. We shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air. We shall defend our island." [Applause] Churchill says, "Whatever the cost may be, I want to tell the devil and I want to make sure he hears me. I will fight you at home. I will fight you on my knees. I will fight you on the internet. I will fight you in my school. I'll fight you in the pullpit. I'll fight you in the hospital room. I will never stop, Satan. [Music] We shall fight. But here's what he says. I want to make sure you hear me, Satan. We shall never surrender. Never. Never. Never never never never surrender. You ought to let hell hear your voice today. Satan, I made a fall. I made a mistake. I may have a lot of failures, but I want you to hear me clear. I'm never going to quit. I'm never going to stop. I'm never going to stop swinging the sword. Hallelujah. Amen. We shall never surrender. What Churchill says, "And even if which I do not for a moment believe this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British fleet." I love this. Would carry on the struggle until good time, God's good time. the new world with all its might and with all its power steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. In other words, what he was saying is that even if I here's what my confidence is, Satan, you got a great big old army, but I want to show you. Go to that last slide, brother. There might be a great big army, but there's a greater host of heaven. There's an army of angels. You see, the Bible numbered the 200 million, but my Bible says there's not a number to the angels. It's an innumerable army of host. Oh, he's the God of angel armies. He'll fight your battles. Oh, I'm thankful for a man named Stall. I'm thankful for a man named Churchill who used his microphone. But can I tell you, go back, brother. Can I tell you about another voice that cried out in this generation? Can I tell you about another microphone? Hallelujah. And those words are weapons to fight the devil with. Take the sword of the spirit and slay your bully today. Oh, everybody stand and give God praise. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Keep praising his name this morning. Amen. Amen. You've been equipped to fight the devil. Hallelujah. What will your voice this say this morning? What will your voice say? Can you say, "I just want to speak the name of [Music] Jesus over heart and [Music] every peace within your prayer. I speak to Jesus. Say, I just want to speak. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark addiction, every dark addiction starts to break. I'm going to declare that there's hope. There is hope. Oh, and there is freedom. Say I speak Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] Say your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Yes. Break it [Music] every burn. [Music] Can you be like Shadrach, Meshach, and I'm going to go make a stand? Said, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over fear all anxiety to every soul held captive everybody depression. Yes, I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name Well, what will your voice say this morning? Just proclaim with all your heart. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow burn. Oh, shout Jesus. Say shout Jesus from in the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Amen. Can you say Jesus for my family? Oh, I speak the holy name of Jesus. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountain. Oh Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus for my I speak your holy name. Oh Jesus, your name is [Music] power. Your name is your name is healing. Your [Applause] name. Oh, your name every shine in the shadow burn. [Music] Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is Oh, it's break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow burn. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. I'll shout Jesus in dry creek. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. I will shout Jesus for my family, my friends. Holy Jesus. Proclaim with all your heart. Now say it again. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain and Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness. Over every enemy, over every enemy, Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus, your name is power. Your name. Your name is power. Oh, it's healing. [Applause] Break every stone [Music] shadow. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows for [Music] life. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I [Music] am all my life say, all my life you have been faithful. You have been good. life. You have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness. Say, "Oh my life, yes. Oh my life, you have been Lord, you have been good." All my life, you have been so good. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing. full of the goodness of God. Oh yes, Lord, your goodness is running after it's running after me. Oh, your your goodness is running after it's running after me with my life. [Music] everything. Your goodness is running out. Oh, it's running. Standing in your goodness. Your goodness is running after. Oh, your goodness is running after. Oh, with my life laid down. Surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, give him everything. Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. Oh, all over my life. Yes, I see the promises in fulfillment. I see them all over my life. All over my life. Can you say it now? I see the evidence. Lord, say I see the evidence of his goodness. Oh, all over my life. all over my life. Oh, I see your promises in fulfillment. Oh, all over my life. All over my life. So why should I fear? Oh, when the air goodness is here. Oh, tell me why. Why should I give when the end? Oh, why should I fear? Oh, why should I fear when the evidence is here? Oh, say now I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. Oh, all over my life. When I see your [Music] promises, all over my life. Yes, my life. I see the evidence. Oh, I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. And I see the promises in [Music] fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. It's all over my life. Hallelujah. And Lord, we are the ones called by your name. And we humble ourselves now as we [Music] pray. Oh, renouncing every sin and wicked way. Oh, we lift our voice. We seek your face and say, "Oh, Lord, send the rain and pour out your spirit. Oh, let your fire fall. Heal us one and all. Oh, fall aresh on me. Oh Lord, send the rain. And Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit. And let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Oh father. Amen. Let's sing that first verse again. We are the ones, Lord. Lord, we are the ones called by your name. Oh, we humble ourselves now. We're renouncing every sin and reouncing it. Everywhere. Oh, just take a moment to lift your voice to him. Say we lift our voice. We seek your face and say, "Oh Lord, send the rain and pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Heal us one and all." Say, "Lord, send the rain. Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Oh, fall aresh on me. Oh, see it again. Say, Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit and let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Fall aresh on me. Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit. [Music] Let the fire fall fresh on me. Let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Fall aresh on me. Oh, let the fire heal us at home. full of fresh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Man, we enjoyed the word of the Lord this morning. Amen. Brother Matt just using his his vessel to speak words of life again. And Amen. And what a wonderful, wonderful service we've had. Amen. I know we have a lot of activities and things going on. We have a moment to uh just make a couple of announcements if you don't mind just having a seat just for just for a few minutes. And uh just wanted to say we have um we have a a nine square that was set up back over here. Just wanted to ask everyone please don't hang on that or pull on it or anything. We don't certainly don't want to break anything or intentionally hurt anything. I know that wouldn't be our intention, but try to treat those things well. We also have a time of canoeing and kaying that's coming up between 1:30 and 3:30. That's something the camp pier has offered for us to do. They will have their own staff out there as lifeguards. Ask that you please be respectful to whatever they um ask us to do. We want to show them the love and and appreciation that we have for the camp staff here. So, that'll be from 1:30 to 3:30. And uh we just ask that you please go directly there. It's going to be down this road and just a little to the side. So, it's not on the main camping area. So, please don't veer off from that. We also don't certainly don't want anybody intentionally tipping a canoe or rough housing. We just want it to be a time of of good fellowship together. So, please uh again, just just treat that respectfully. And if you want to spend some time doing that, would love for you to be a part. Just do it with the right attitude and the right atmosphere. We also um have some drink stations that are set up around here. It is hot and even though the temperature on your phone might not say that it's 115, it is humid and hot and you can easily get dehydrated quickly and get short of breath quickly. So, please stay hydrated this afternoon. Drink plenty of water. If you feel at all like you're thirsty, please go find something, get in the shade, get some water in you. We don't want you to get overheated. Um we also have some time of practice. So, if I have spoken with you or Brother Timothy has spoken with you about practicing today, that will be just from 1 to 2:00. We're not going to have practice open all day. So, I might have given you an exact time to be here. Please make sure you're here at that time to practice your special. We will have the group from Dallas dismissing first so that they can practice immediately after lunch at 1:00. So, please allow them to get through the line and get back to the sanctuary for that. Um, we also have a few people that have um, how many is this your first time ever being at this camp? Could you raise your hand? I think brother Tim might have asked you before. So, we have a few people here that have come never been here before and we definitely want you to feel welcome and loved and some people that may not have had much of an experience at all with the Lord. We hope that'll be this weekend. And maybe you have had an experience and we want your your life and your light to rub off on them as well. We have somebody here that many years ago when I was a young person many years ago, he uh came with his uncle and he was tricked into coming. He was told he was going camping over the weekend and he showed up to a youth camp and didn't know what to expect. And maybe you feel like you were tricked into coming and you don't know what to expect. But I pray this will be a weekend when you realize that God has a plan for your life. And God had a plan for Jeremy's life. And I'm going to ask him to come pray over the food for us. And thankful that he's here many, many years later still an example of what God can do at this camp. Uh, so we we'll have lunch here at 12:00. Again, we'll just want you to allow those that are practicing to get through first. I want you to stay on the main campgrounds here until 1:30 when they do open up for the canoes and kayaks and then go together that way. Why don't we stand back together and pray together? Pray over the food. Pray over the rest of the camp. I believe God's already moved in a very special way in these meetings and he'll continue to do it. Just let go and let God have your life this weekend. Brother Jeremy, if you pray, let's bow our hearts. Lord, we love you, Father. We thank you again, Lord, for this opportunity that you've given us, Lord. Lord, to come together, Father, Lord, young and old, Lord, just to hear from you, Lord. We thank you for that. We thank you for our brother. We thank you that you help move him out of the way that you could speak through him. Speak right to us, Lord. Give us what we're in need of, Father. And I thank you for that blessing, Lord. And we ask your blessing over this food. We pray it gives us strength, nourishment to our bodies. We pray you would bless our fellowship today, Father. And I pray, Lord, that if there's anyone here that still has a need in their heart, Lord, we know it's not too late. And I pray that you would just continue to move pieces in place, Lord, that you could just work work your perfect will in their life. Lord, we love you, Father. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And if you are here and you're not staying as a camper, we ask that you'll let the campers go through the lunch line first. If you're not staying in one of the the camp dorms or one of the rooms as a staff member, but you are here for the lunch, please make sure you pay at the door for that. that as well. We have to tally all of those. So hopefully I hit all the announcements. If not, I'm sure there will be time for more of those. But we love you. We want you to have a good time. Want you to enjoy your time here at Dry Creek Youth Camp. And Amen. Be a light shining to all those around you. Amen. Amen. Key of G again. Let's Amen. Holy Spirit, rain down. Those that have called the Dallas church, if you could go ahead and make your way to the cafeteria, rain down, oh comforter and friend, Lord, how we need your touch again. and Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, [Music] rain down and let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. And come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. and Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, rain down the head of Holy Spirit rain. Oh, rain down. Rain. Slow down and comforter and friend. Oh, how we need your touch again. And Holy Spirit [Music] rain, rain down. will rain down and let your power fall. Let your voice be [Music] heard. Oh, as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit, oh rain. Amen. Let's sing it one more time before we're dismissed. Say, "Holy Spirit, [Applause] rain." Oh, rain down. Rain down. Oh, comforter and friend. Oh, how we need your touch again. and Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, rain down and let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and chase. Oh, as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. Amen. God bless you. Be dismissed as you go. Holy Spirit, rain [Music] down. Holy Spirit, rain down. Glory. Oh, comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. glor and let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. [Music]
