################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - Faith Over Self - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on March 26, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-26
Title:   Faith Over Self - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on March 26, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BWGyMKPmCQ
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Say worthy and worthy excellence. Oh, seed it all the throne and we crown you now with many crown. You reign victory. You are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus of [Music] God in the maker of heaven crucified. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Say, "Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the [Music] cross." Oh, and thank you for the cross. You came bearing all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave me. Oh, thank you for this love. Amen. Say thank you for the dead, for the nail pierced hand. Oh, wash me in your cleansing blow. So now all I know is your forgiveness and your embrace. and worthy as the lamb. Oh, seated on the throne and we crown you now with many crown. You reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the maker of heaven, crucified. Oh, worthy is the [Applause] [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Say, "Worthy is the lamb." Worthy is the [Applause] lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] and then sings my soul my sing God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. Let's sing it again now. Say the se that sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great. Oh then sings my soul. Oh my sior come to [Music] thee. Oh yes Lord. [Music] How long? Before I spoke a word, you were hanging over me. And you have been so so kind to me. [Music] I took a breath. You breathe your life in me. Just thank him for his kindness. Let's all stand and sing it now. You have been so so kind to me. Holy, overwhelious love of God. Oh, it chases me till I'm fighting a [Music] night. Oh Lord, you give yourself all the overwhelming neverending precious love. when I was sure your fall to your love. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I say you've been so good. You have been so so good to me. I thank you before, but I felt no worth and I felt no worth. And you paid it all for me. You have been good. You have been so so close to me. Oh, be [Music] overwhel. Oh, it chases me down. [Music] Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away for the overwhelming never precious love. Yes. There's no shadow. You won't light a mountain. You won't climb up coming after me. No. Oh, you won't peek down. I won't tear down. There is no shadow. You won't light up mountain. You won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Say it again. There's no shadow. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. Oh no wall you won't kick down. A lie you won't tear down. coming after me. Yes, the overwhelming neverending. Oh, it chases me [Music] down. Oh, the night. Oh, I won't steal [Music] you in all the say again. There's no shadow. No shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming out. Amen. Is that your testimony tonight? There's no wall you won't kick down. Kick down. Oh lie, you won't tear down. Coming after me. Say it one more time. No shadow. No shadow you won't light up. You won't climb up. Coming after me. No, you won't be down. I won't tear down. coming after me. Yes. The overwhelming ever love of God. [Music] Oh, the night. I don't deserve it. Oh, thank you [Music] Lord. Lord, I love you. [Music] Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Oh Lord, I love love you, oh Lord. Oh, just tell him with all your heart tonight and say, "Lord, I love you." Oh Lord, I love Thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jes. Oh, yes, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank you, Jes. Oh, yes we do, Lord. We thank you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Oh, thank. Amen. One more time tonight. Just say, "Lord, I love you." And Lord, I love. Oh, yes we do. Lord, oh Lord, I love you. Oh Lord, I love you. Yes, Lord, I love you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you have a need tonight, just lift it to him. Say, "Lord, I love you. I love you. I thank you for meeting my need this evening, Lord. And Lord, I love." Oh yes, [Music] Lord. I love you. Hallelujah. Amen. Ask brother Tim if you'd open the service for us in prayer. Sister Hollis, asked that we'd remember her tonight. She's having some trouble breathing. Also want to remember to pray for sister Alex and and Rowan. They're both not feeling well. Brother Josh asked that we remember them tonight. Also, brother Ben Coleman is in uh still a lot of pain with his back, having some issues with that, and ask that we would continue to pray for strength and healing in his body. Also want to uh continue to remember brother Ron in prayer and the needs that he has in his body. If you have a need tonight, you want to lift it to the Lord and thank him already for the work that he's done. Amen. Let's go to him together in prayer. [Music] Let's bow our heads together. You just focus on the Lord for a moment. And remember, he's a merciful high priest that can be touched with the feelings of your infirmities. He understands human sufferings. He went through what you go through so that he could be the right kind of mediator. Someone that could be touched. I want you tonight just as you just focus on the Lord for a moment realizing a way has been made. A channel has been opened. And I want you to lift by the Holy Spirit right up into the presence of God before the throne of grace and say, "Jesus, we need you tonight, we are just mere human beings and helpless and you know our humanity, but God, you became one of us to experience what we go through so that you could be a just and faithful high priest that could intercede on our behalf, that could say, "I know what it is to be sick. I know what it is to suffer. I know what it is to have shame. I even know what it is to have sin, though I never sinned." You could say, "All of the sins of the world was placed on me." Oh, God, what a high priest you are. and we're just coming before your throne right now saying, "Lord, we need you." And we're just asking that you'd come on the scene. That you'd bring healing and deliverance and salvation for your children. God, there are those all the way from the elderly, Lord, that suffering in their body tonight. Our sister Hollis, you understand her suffering, her need, Lord. Oh God, the pollen situation, the allergies, sicknesses going around and difficulty breathing. Lord, you understand. I pray you'll touch that little frail body tonight. Lift her up, Lord. Give strength that only you can give. Our brother Ben suffering in his back, Lord. Oh God, overwhelmed by things that have been happening to him in life. Oh God, pressing upon him and on his nervous situation, Lord, you know, I just ask in the name of Jesus that you would bless him mentally, physically, and spiritually. Ever need supply, Lord, move mountains in his life. Lord, for the Puit family that had this request tonight, for the baby, for the mother expecting a child, Lord, suffering in her body tonight. Oh God, will you touch these? heal. Lord, hands that went across this audience who was lifted up to you and said, "I have a need." Lord, I ask in the name of Jesus, uh, knowing that you're not too busy to hear a heart's cry, that you'll hear every heart's cry tonight as they reach out to you now with in faith, believing, and receive with that hand of faith now the promise of God for their body, healing, and deliverance. Now Lord, I pray that you'll move in this meeting tonight that you'll break every chain ever feder and you know every hindering spirit that would try to hinder it. We rebuke it in the name of the Lord. We take dominion over it in the name of Jesus and we claim victory tonight and may the Holy Spirit just break through from the channels of heaven right into this place today until we are lifted up into heavenly places in Christ Jesus. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. The brothers can take up the offering this evening. Holy Spirit rain [Music] down. Oh rain down. Oh comfort and friend, Lord, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain. Oh, rain down. Yes. Rain down and let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. [Applause] Oh, rain [Music] down and Holy Spirit rain. Oh, rain down. Yes, rain down. Oh, [Music] comfort. Oh, we need your touch. We need your touch again. Holy Spirit, [Applause] rain down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit, oh rain. Amen. Let's sing that one more time now. Say, Holy Spirit, rain. Oh, rain down. [Music] angel. Oh, comfort and bread. Oh, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, [Applause] rain down. Oh, rain now and let your power fall. Let your Holy Spirit come and change our hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. Oh greatness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Be seated for a moment. There's a year. There's a cry. There's a burning. Deep inside. There's a longing. Only you can [Music] satisfy in your presence. I have stayed. I have lingered. I have prayed to be like you as you are for the deepest cry of my heart. I want to be [Music] holy, rightous in your image. Oh, is that your desire tonight? in your likeness. For you are holy, you are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I long to be like you. I want to be holy. Oh, holy. There's a yearning. There's a cry. There's a yearing. There's a crowd. There's a burning deep inside. There's a promise we have seen. Oh, the glorious [Music] mystery of Jesus revealed. Oh yes, in us. He's walking unfair. in us to make us holy, rightous in your image in your likeness. For you are holy. You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I want to be like you. I want to be [Music] holy. Oh, holy. Amen. Can you say, "Draw me tonight, Lord." Oh, draw me. Call me. lead me I will follow. Say I surrender. I surrender. Take me deeper Lord. Take me high. Oh draw me Lord. Yes. Draw me. Oh call me. lead me I will follow. I surrender. I surrender. Take me deeper. Take me higher. I want to be holy, rightous. Oh yes. Hope in your life. You are holy. You are faith. Oh my Jesus. Want to be holy. [Music] And I'm lost without you. And oh, can you tell him tonight I'm desperate for you? Oh Lord and [Music] God I'm lost without you, oh Lord. And now, oh Lord, I'm desperate for you. Yes, Lord. Say I'm lost [Music] for Oh, I'm lost without you. Oh, and now I Oh, I'm desperate for you. Oh, such an awesome God. So mighty, so. Oh, can we stand and sing that now? So wonderful, such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are. You're an awesome God. Oh my. Oh, so [Music] holy. Oh, such an awesome God, [Music] so generous and so faithful you are. And nothing comes close to the Lord. [Music] Almighty, nothing as sweet as your love. And mercy, nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty loving as your love and mercy. Such an awesome love so mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are such an awesome God. How many can say that this evening? He's an awesome God worthy of our praise and glory and honor. Amen. I bless you tonight. We just want to say that we'll be headed out in the morning to go up into Oklahoma for the Oklahoma camp and just ask you to remember some prayer as we'll be ministering there with brother Andrew Glover and Amen. A lot of lives are at stake and just want to ask the Lord to meet us there and to touch hearts. Amen. As only he can. I know there'll be others from here that'll be traveling as well. So be praying for us on the highways. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we just want to say Lord how much we love you, Father, and appreciate you for all that you've done in our hearts and lives. We ask, Lord, that you would just come this evening and speak to us, Father, by your grace and mercy and reveal yourself unto us. We pray, Lord, we ask we would go this weekend, Lord, to up Oklahoma for the youth camp there. A lot of youth are gathered from all over. You know each heart. You know each life, Lord. You know where they're at. You know their address, Father. You know their life. We just ask, Lord, you'll meet them in a very special way. Be with us as we travel each one that goes, Lord. Bring us back here, Lord. Lord, be with the service here, Father, on Sunday. May you continue to pour out your blessings upon us. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Romans 12 and verse one. and also Mark chapter 14 verse 32. Amen. Romans 12 and verse one says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Also Mark chapter 14 and verse 32, and they came to a place which was named Gethsemane, and he saith to his disciples, sit ye here while I shall pray. And he taketh with him Peter and James and John, and begin to be sore, amazed, and to be very heavy, and said unto them, "My soul is is exceedingly sorrowful unto death. Tear ye here, and watch." And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed, that it, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him. And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee. take away this cup from me. Nevertheless, not what I will, but what thou wilt. Amen. We'll let you be seated. Just want to speak to you on a thought on uh faith over self. Faith over self. Now, I apologize in advance cuz you that's going to Oklahoma may hear it twice. I don't know. But I'll just go ahead and apologize that's what you get for going up there to hear your Wednesday night preacher. Amen. But uh we know how it is. God always changes things and you can preach the same sermon yet it's not the same sermon. I've seen it happen so many times. But faith over self and and we've been on the thought of the blood and and Cain and Abel as Abel would die on his altar and and of course that type goes throughout the Bible with Isaac and all the way down to Jesus and many other types there as well. I just want to look in this for a moment as we as we kind of break into this thought. I want to just take this quote. Brother Brandham said I he said he used to preach over and I've read this several times and I really love this. He said, "I used to preach over in the Baptist church a little sermon. I called it let loose and let God." Let loose and let God. That's right. Just let loose and let God. As long as you got yourself in the way, you're in the way. Amen. You know who the biggest enemy I have? That is William Brandom. He's always in God's way. If I can just get him out of the way, then God can go to work. That's your worst enemy is yourself. Just get yourself out of the way, then God can go to work. Amen. You said, "Well, that's pretty good for a preacher. You know, he has to get up and he has to get get himself out of the way." And yes, true. Brother Brandham said about a gift. He said, "Uh, what is a gift?" He said, "It's You said, "Well, somebody said, I got the gift of healing. I'll just go out and heal this one or I heal that one." He said, "Sure, if I could do that, certainly I would." But he said, "You misinterpret what a gift is." He said, "A gift is just get yourself out of the way and let the Holy Spirit use you." Amen. That's a gift. He said that's what a ministry is. He don't preach what he wants to preach. He just gets himself out of the way. That's the gift. And inspiration comes and he speaks through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. But I I want you to understand, we're all we all have self here tonight. Amen. You bring Did you bring yourself to church this evening? We all have self. So, it's not just a preacher getting himself out of the way, but we also, amen, as we sit in the pew or wherever we're at. Amen. We also have to get ourself out of the way so that we can see the spirit of God move through us and the spirit of God anoint and and the spirit of God lead and guide the service to how he wants to do it and how he wants to operate and how he wants the whole thing to be done for his glory. Amen. Because we don't come here for our own glory or our own uh exaltation. And we come for his glory. Amen. Amen. I didn't hear us singing, "I'm such an awesome person." No, I heard us singing, "You're an awesome God." Cuz that's truly what he is. And so, we come here for that. But, you know, it takes us getting ourself out of the way. If you want anything out of a service, you got to get yourself out of the way. You got to get your pride, your arrogance, your your feelings, whatever you got, you got to lay it aside on the altar and say, "God, I don't need none of this. I just need you. I I need you to come. I need you to speak. I need you to minister. And Amen. Not only anoint the minister, but anoint me too that I can receive the word of God and I can hear the word of God and my ears can be open to the promises of the of the of the heavenly father. But we see here he said it's possible when a man like apostles when you can live close to God that God through his grace operates through you that the more God you get the more godly you become. Amen. The more God you get, the more godly you become, the more eternal life comes in, the more of the intellectual things it pushes out. He says, "I don't mean to be a fanatic. I mean to be a real saying, sound believer, not a bunch of isms, but a real, true, solid, sensible, intelligent believer. But now watch, I've seen it work." And to think that if you can get into contact with God, it'll become till it isn't your voice anymore. It isn't your voice anymore. It isn't your thoughts anymore. It becomes God's thoughts and God's voice speaking through you. Amen. He said, "I am the vine. You are the branches." So, it's God's voice and God's thought speaking through you. And then it's his spirit that goes in and energizes the whole thing. And as long as you can get yourself out of the way, he will fill it up. Amen. As more that you can empty out of yourself. We look at some ministers and we say, "What a gift." You know what that is? That is that man getting more of himself out of the way. Come on. Amen. We can look at our own self and say, "What a Christian." Or somebody, "What a Christian." That's more of that person getting themsself out of the way. If you want more of God, get more of yourself out of the way. And the more you get out, the more he will fill you up. Amen. That's why we can't never be be too much, have too much of God. Amen. Because we got to get so much of this self out of the way till this body can be changed. Amen. We have to humble oursel. We have to empty ourselves to God so he can manifest himself through us. You empty yourself. You get yourself out of the way. The biggest enemy you have is yourself. I wish I had a a mirror tonight so you can see your real enemy. Amen. But it's not the one sitting next to you or the one you argue with or some fuss you got somewhere else. That's not your biggest enemy. Your biggest enemy is the one that you get up in the morning and you look in that mirror and you brush those teeth or you shave or you comb that hair. That is your real enemy. That self that wants to rise up above the word of God. It want that self that wants to bring the thoughts and and the thinking above the word of God. That self that wants to keep you in bondage. Amen. And and and keep the word of God from having true liberty in your life. Listen, we want the word of God to have true liberty in our hearts. We want him to have the true liberty in our services, but we have to get ourselves out of the way. We got to get our feelings out of the way and all the other things that's going on and what's happening tomorrow and and what's happening the next week and my bills and this that and the other. We got to get all that out of the way. And the more we get out of the way, the more God will come down and fill our hearts with his presence. Amen. Jesus at Gethsemane had to get self out of the way. Amen. What he said. He said, "Oh father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me." He had a will. He had a thought. He had had a want, a desire, but nevertheless, not as I will or what I think or how I'll think it ought to be. Amen. Brother Brandon would bring it like this and it's very very powerful statement. He said in that crucial hour until he suffered knowing all thing knowing all things until the water and blood he suffered until the water and blood separated in his body great drops of sweat like blood dropped from his brow. He said he died more death in Gethsemane than he did on the cross. Come on. He died more death in Gethsemane than he did on the cross. If he would not have died out to self and self-will, he'd have never went to Calvary. Come on. The true Christian life is to die to self-will. This is why people can't get filled with the Holy Ghost because there's still self on the inside of them. They refuse to let go of things. They they refuse to let go of situations or past hurts or past mistakes or past problems. and they you refuse and they allow self to dictate their lives instead of the word of God. Now, a true Christian life is to die to self-will. Now, that's an exact opposite of what this world is. This world today is all about self-will. Amen. You know what what is self-will? Self-will is a stubborn and willful adherence to one's own desires or ideas. So, it's your self-will that will not forgive. Come on. It's your self-will that holds bitterness in your heart. It's your self-will that holds things that that won't allow God to come in and have preeminence in your life. It's your self will. People wants their way. We're in Leodysia. We know what the prophet of God said. He said that means people's rights. We want our rights. We want our We may We may not be out on the streets out there in front of some congressman's house shouting, but we'll sit in a pew and we want our rights. Come on now. We want it the way we want it. We want the AC how we want it. We want the sound like we want it. We want the music like we want it. We want the this like we want it. Listen, it ain't about how I want it. Come on, somebody. It ain't about what how we want it. It's about how God wants it. Amen. But every one of us has been put on this earth by choice. We are not, thank God, robots. Honestly, I wouldn't enjoy being a robot. We have a choice. We We can make a choice. Yeah. You made a choice whether you was coming here tonight. Some people streaming made the choice of whether they're going to stream and sit at home or not. Amen. It was by choice. Everyone has been put on this earth by choice. Jesus even said who when he spoke about this he said whosoever will let him come. So there's a choice that he spoke about. You know brother Brandham actually speaks about the the the veil that's over the human heart or over the heart is self-will. It's the veil that's over the heart to have a will to lay down. You know it's amazing to have a will to lay down your life. to have a will to live. Amen. The reproach of of a Christian life. Amen. To make the choice, Amen. to do what you do and how you do it and how you operate as a Christian. That's amazing to have that kind of choice that you made that kind of choice because this world is not is not it's not built to for for people to have those kind of choices. It's looked down on. It's called archaic. It's called old fogy ideas. It's called an old archaic archaic book that you know just somebody found somewhere. Listen, but there's somebody that says no I by choice I am living this way. I have made my choice. I have made my decision. I have made my choice for Jesus Christ. But not only that, he made his choice for you. He could have chose himself but he denied himself so he could choose you. Hallelujah. Now, can we deny ourselves so we can choose him? You have to have there's a will to lay yourself down on the altar. The same altar that Abel laid down. The same altar that Isaac laid down. The same altar that Jesus laid down. Laid upon. So opposite from today. You know, people are in love with themselves. We want self to be petted. Self loves to be petted. Hello. It loves self loves an air conditioned building in 105 degrees. Hello. Self loves a cushy pew. But not all selves have what we have been afforded. But they still make a choice to come to church cuz they're not, you know, because they're denying self. I I I've said this before, but I say it again. I something that changed my heart forever in my thought pattern forever was going as a young boy uh in 1994 to Uganda and showing up there to a meeting of 500, 700 people and there'd be one car in the parking lot and we drove up in it and it wasn't coming. and they'd be that, you know, full of people and they've been sitting there and singing and waiting for us to arrive and and they wouldn't sitting on pews like we sit on. They didn't have air conditioned building like we have or heated building. It was open air and it was hot and stuffy and and all these say, you know, all that around you, but they sat there with anticipation. And let me tell you, I was in we was also uh there where was it? Um having a brain freeze in Eastern Europe there, me and your Serbia. and we were in Serbia and brother Tim, you know, we're having a week of meetings. I'm preaching in the morning, he's preaching the evenings and, you know, he's trying to pace himself because it's it's hot and it's in open air condition and it's it's very hot and it's hot where you sleep and it's hot everywhere. And so he, you know, he's pacing himself and he's preaching about an hour, hour and a half, you know, or less. You know, this young girl, she was about what, 18 years old maybe. She come up and she said, "I'm not happy." She said, "You are known for preaching more than an hour. She said we are getting jipped and I want you to know I am not happy about it. It was say what was it? She said was something on the inside of her that was greater than herself. It was greater than her maybe her desire for a a more comfortable seat cuz it wasn't comfortable or a more comfortable building cuz it was not comfortable. Amen. But there was something on the inside of her cuz she had heard the truth. And there was a desire to hear more of it. You know how she heard it? She was sitting in a college and a young man walked who would later become her husband. He didn't know that of course at that time. He walked right down beside her and said, "You know it wasn't an apple, don't you?" All right. She said, "What? What? What' you say? What are you talking about?" He began to witness her what happened in the garden and God got a hold of that I think a Catholic little girl and so changed her to today. Amen. and they're a minister wife and ministers. Amen. Preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. Come on. And it caused such a thirst into her that Amen. if she wasn't getting more than what she thought she ought to get. Amen. She was getting jipped. I think we ought to have the same attitude. We ought not ever get tired of the word of God and the blessings of Almighty God and how he rains down upon our lives. It ought to be an open fountain and say, "God, I want a gusher of your Holy Ghost." Well, I don't know. I ain't got that. Well, get rid of yourself. People are in love with themselves. Second Timothy 3 says this, and I'll read just a few verses in our know this. In the last days, perilous time shall come in the King James. For men shall be lovers of their own selves. I'll read this on a different translation because it does not define where we're at. I don't know what does. 2 Timothy 3:1 in a different translation says, "But we need to be aware that in the final days, the culture of society will become extremely fierce and difficult for the people of God. People will be self-centered lovers of themselves and obsess with money. They will boast of the great things that they they and they as they strut around in their arrogant pride and mock all that is right. They will ignore their own families. They will be ungrateful and ungodly. They will become addicted to hateful and malicious slander. Yep. Amen. Slaves to their own desires. They will be ferocious, belligerent, haters of what's good and right. With brutal treachery, they will act without restraint, bigoted and wrapped in clouds of their conceit. They will find their delight in the pleasures of this world more than the pleasures of the loving God. Amen. They may pretend to have respect for God, but in reality, they want nothing to do with the go with the power of God. Stay away from people like these. Come on. Amen. But it's self-willed to where we have got, you know, used to people wasn't so concerned about self. They would be concerned about their neighbors. Amen. They'd be concerned about helping somebody or doing something or making sure so and so is taken care of. Amen. But now this world that we're in is all about my little bubble. All right? And what affects my little bubble. And don't you dare get in my bubble, preacher. You better not. You can preach on whatever you want to, but not in my bubble. Hallelujah. Y'all sure y'all want to go to Oklahoma? Amen. We got, you know, we got our little walls up and our little protections. In the meanwhile, it's actually keeping us from the real liberty of Christ. I mean because we've allowed self to canker over and become so we self-centered in our thoughts and our thinking about ourselves and how we need to be better and how what we need to do and we forget about that that real true Christian Amen. Godly love is living for others. Amen. The service is not just about you. It's about everybody else in here. That's why I get so kind of humored at people say, "Well, I don't need church." Okay, you got all the church you need and you don't need church. Fine, but what about coming and helping build an atmosphere for somebody who still needs it? You got that selfish pride and arrogance and you're all concerned about what you are and who you are. Amen. It's about living for others. It's about being as a sheep and laying our wheels down and saying, "God, if there's something on me that needs to be sheared, get your shears out. Amen. Get down as deep as you got to get and get that problem out of my life. Whatever it is, I want to lay it down on your altar so I can walk away from here a different person." Self-will. Why you call it self-will, Brother Brandon? because it puts men and women back again in the Garden of Eden just like Adam and Eve. Self-will. Yeah. The two trees, self-will. One was death, one was life. Self-will. Immoral free agent. Free moral agency. God placed the first man, Adam and Eve, right there on free moral agency. He places you in the same spot. The only way that you can get this thing fixed in here is your own self-will. your self-will. You have to have a will to do God's will. Come on now. You have to have a will to get out your get out. You have to get away from your own will to let God's will come in. For this is the only channel that leads to the heart. He said it was the veil that covered the heart, self-will. And he said if you can get it out of the way, right, then God can come down and fill every fiber of that heart. Oh, you can join a church. You can join the Baptist Presbyterian, but listen, I'm not worried about that. You can join a message church, be there every Sunday. Amen. Come to sanctification, justification, but you have to will to do God's will, self-will to let the Holy Spirit come here to bring forth that to bring forth. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall lay hands upon the sick or take up deadly things and so forth. These signs shall follow them that do the that has the has let their will become my will. And the works that I do shall they do also. There's the will to do God's will. Amen. Abel led his lamb away by a great vine, sacrificed him on the altar, and Abel died on the same altar his sacrifice died on. And every believer that comes to Christ must die on the same altar with his dying lamb, Christ. If you want to rise with him, you got to die with him. You're not going to get to the rising part if you don't get to the dying part. Amen. And the dying part started in Gethsemane. That's where it happened. Oh, we we're all about the resurrection. Let me get to you got to die to self, your will and how you want things to be. It's all about it ain't all about you. It's it's it's about him. If we can ever get that thought in our every day or I say every day, but our Wednesdays and just Sunday services, you know, cuz we we come somehow get this idea that special meetings are special. And I really they are special, but every meeting ought to be special. every service it's the same God. So why would it be any less or more spe special? You know what makes it less or more special? Our own expectations of what it's going to be. Our will. Amen. What we will it to be right. Come on. Amen. If we will will it to be special, it'll be special. If you don't expect more of God, there'll be more of God to be had. Amen. If you expect God to move on a Wednesday night like he does on a Saturday night prayer line, well, he's the same God. He's not dictated by what day it is or what hour it is. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he moved then, he'll move now. If you'll have your will to lay down and say, "God, I need you tonight." Yes, sir. Abel died on the altar with his lamb and every man that comes to Christ must die on that same one. We died to Christ on the altars of God's sacrifice. That makes me feel really religious to think about that. He said, "God providing the way." Hello, God. Not God trying to hurt you. You know, he he he he refers to the wheel and the wool and the wool. You ever seen you ever seen some of those videos you'll find every once in a while of those sheep that got away and was way out there in the middle of nowhere and away from everybody somehow survived and they come back and there's wool so packed around them they can't even see no more. They can't even hardly walk no more. And unless they're willing to lay themselves down and just let themselves be sheared, they'll never see again. They'll lose their way to walk. They'll they'll lose their abilities to survive because they've allowed this self to grow out so much. Amen. To where they can't they can't even operate normally no more. Come on. Amen. That's exactly what happens to a lot of Christians sometimes. We we get away from, you know, we think, well, I we we just need to get away for a little bit. We need to get in our own thing. Listen, when you get out away from the presence of God and you're not in his presence, Amen. What is it? It's allowing self-will to grow bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. That's why we come to the house of God. So we can be sheared of self-will. So we can lay ourselves because listen, it ain't just sacrificing. Our sacrifice is not just a temporary sacrifice. It's not just a oneanddone deal. It's a living sacrifice. It's an everyday sacrifice. Listen, we we got more than Muhammads do. I mean, the Muhammad, they get this lint where they just go about 40 days. They're going to give up something. They're going to sacrifice, but after 40 days, they're going to pick it up again. Well, I got a deal. I got a deal for you. You can lay it down and never have to pick it up again. Amen. Because there is a blood. Jesus paid it all. He laid his life down at Gethsemane and he died on a rugged cross and blood spilled out of his d out of his out of his body. Amen. Why? So you could have the ability to lay something down tonight and not have to worry about picking it up again in 40 days. Come on. But it'll be totally annihilated from you forever. That is the power of this lamb. If you're willing to lay yourself upon that sacrifice, Jesus paid it all. We must die on that place. I tell you friends, there's been many a man coming down to the end of the road will find out that in that little shallow religion that you're holding on to won't work. Nothing short of being born again will work. Jesus, how can I be born again? Well, you got to die to be born again. You know, he was telling that to Nicodemus. And Nicodemus is like, "What do you mean born again? I got to go back in my mother's womb." No, Nicodemus, you have to die. Except a man be born of the water and spirit and blood, he will no wise enter the kingdom. No matter if he's Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, message believer. This is bring it down. Current message believer. Whatever he is, he will not enter until he's born of the water and the spirit. Born means he's changed. He had to die from what he was to be born again to something new. That's right. Amen. Being born again is not going down the dead a wet center and raising up a go, you know, like you would be baptized, you know, to go down a wet center and come back up a or go down a dry one, come back up a wet one. That's not what we're interested in. Being born again is not just getting a little, you know, little raz on your anointing or some anointing on your spirit and getting excited. That's not being born again. But when you know this day I was this way, but after I met him, I'm a different person. Sure, I still got this self that I war with and I have to keep sheared off and it still tries to push his limits all the time. But there's something on the inside of me that when it sees some self poke out, it say you don't belong here no more, boy. And it cuts him right off. Except you die to yourself and be born of the spirit of God, you are lost. There's no shortcuts. Well, I belong to a church. My mother was this. my father's that. I don't doubt that. He says, "But this is what this is you I'm talking to." I'm not talking to your mom or your daddy. I'm talking to you. You got to come this way because there's no shortcuts. You're disqualified at the judgment. What he's talking about is a man who came in another way. And he's found without the garment on. What is What was the garment? The Holy Ghost. And he said, 'Well, you must have come a different way because you didn't come by this door because I am the way, the truth, and the life. Any person that comes by this door, they might have come in a rich man, poor man, whatever. Didn't matter. But once they came in, they came under a different headship. And they come under a different rulership and they changed garments. So no longer was it about being a rich man or a poor man or this man or what line they was born in or this that and the other. No, he put a different garment on them. They died to themselves. Hallelujah. That's why the blood that I'm talking about, it's not, you know, it's not about that you was born in a certain lineage or you can trace your lineage back and it's got so much so many year or generations of clear lineage and you can trace it all back. This blood will rewrite your lineage. This blood will give you a different lineage and it'll Amen. it might you might be a rich man. You might be a poor man. You might be this. You might be that. You might be a druggie. You might be an alcoholic. You might be a straightup street sinner. But when you come by that way and you die to yourself and you come up and he puts a different garment on you, you're no longer the same man no more. That old man's dead. Hallelujah. It's been put away with. It's no longer alive. He said, "We see that one time." Sorry, brother Mike in advance. Inoculation wasn't too good. So, there was a conscience away from sin of sin. Every time you'd come in, make an offering year after year. But now in Hebrews, it tells us that the worshipper is once purged. He has no more conscience of sin. In other words, no more desire to sin. The whole thing is gone from him. Amen. There it's no more. You don't have to sin every day. You don't have to do these things. You do it because you willfully want to. The reason you're willfully want to because you've never died to yourself. And brother, I know that's scorching, but it's good, ain't it? When you die to yourself, then you become a new creature in Christ Jesus. Before birth can come, we realize there has to be a death before birth. And a birth is a mess. Said, I don't care what kind of birth it is. If it's in a pig pin or a me, it's a mess. If it's a new birth or if it's a pink decorated hospital room, it doesn't matter. It's a mess. The new birth is a mess. It'll make you do things you wouldn't ordinarily think you would ever do. Hallelujah. But when you're ready to die to yourself, then you're born again a new creature in Christ Jesus, then things open up and life becomes a new sight to you because you've accepted the person of Jesus Christ. Not some theory, not some creed. It's or even to the written word. It's got to be quickened by the Holy Spirit. No matter how much theology you got, it's just laying there dead. Anyhow, he said, "I have I can have a handful of wheat, but until it's in the process to where it can be quickened, that wheat will never live." You can have a doctor's degree, you can do whatever you wish to, but until that Holy Spirit comes upon that and quickened you to a personal experience with Christ, when then the wheat is no good. Your learning is in vain. He said, as an Englishman the other night was here, I was so astonished. He said, "All the learning he had is Paul. He had to forget in order to know Christ or to find him to do the things he thought he wouldn't ever do. So that's the way God does it. He imu he he humiliates us in our own educational systems. He said now I'm not trying to support ignorance but I'm trying to tell you the difference. Education will never bring life. Listen, I ain't even wor I ain't even just necessarily talking about out there in those schools out there of colleges and stuff. I'm talking about people Amen. Just bring it on down to people being educated into the message. We ain't interested in educating you into having degrees of the message. If you ain't got the life, what good is education? Amen. But education will never bring life. It actually will take the spirit of God to bring life. And that life must not come out of just an intellectual revival. It's got to come out of the Bible, a word revival. And that word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when it falls today and quickens, you'll get the same results you did in Acts two. Exactly. It always has and it always will. Hello. It always has and it always will because the spirit of God conditions the atmosphere. Oh, so we got to have the spirit of God. Well, how do we get the spirit of God? We yield ourselves. We get self-will out of the way. So the spirit of God can come down. So the spirit of God can come down so we can have the right atmosphere for lives to be quickened. It takes atmosphere. He said that's the reason you men are always taught and you bring your children here. Was glad to see my doctor, my daughter Rebecca come in and sit down. Just a few minutes ago, somebody seen me wink at a woman. It was my daughter. So she come in, sat down. I want her to receive the baptism of the spirit. That's why she's here in this meeting. That's the purpose of it. It takes atmosphere. He said, "Oh, Dr. Bosworth used to say, you just take a hint egg and put it under a pulp. It'll ha a pup. It'll hatch a chicken." Why? Because it's an egg. It's got if it gets in the right atmosphere. And he said, "I don't care if you're Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, message believers in the right atmosphere, it'll hatch out a newborn son of God." Amen. It's atmosphere that does it. No matter what denominational tag you have. Hello. Well, you say, "Well, I'm have you to know I ain't of no denomination." That same denominational spirit is right in the message. Those spirits never die. Don't you think they're going to try to come right in and come with the same creeds and the same dog and the same ideas and clamp down and do exactly what they did for every denomination of prior, right? Amen. man. He said, "I used to herd cattle and I noticed a ranger. We'd take them up the forest out of the feeding lands down into the ranches, put them in the forest, he'd stand there and watch them as it went through the gate." He never paid no attention so much to the brand because there's all kind of brands. But there did notice the blood tag. It had to be a third bred Heroford or it couldn't go into that forest because it's a Herford association. They was able to graze it. It had to have a blood tag to keep the breeding right. And he said, "I think that's the way it'll be on the day of judgment." He's not going to ask me if I was a Methodist, a Baptist, a Pentecostal, a Presbyterian, or a message believer. He's going to look for a blood tag. And when I see the blood, I'll pass over you. You'll not see the judgment. I was having a conversation today with a minister friend of mine and we was talking about the world and and not just the world but people even in our own ranks that have done things and you take extra extra steps as into our government and all the all the cruelty that's behind it and you know all the stuff that's behind the veils of of being the US government and all the stuff that's been there through the years and stuff they're trying to bring out and all this junk. And he said, 'I tell you one thing, judgment day going to be a very interesting day. Cuz in that day, there ain't going to be redacting. Nothing redacted. If it's written there, it's going to be read there. But if you want it redacted, get it under the blood right now. If you want it re your your history rewrote, all you got to do is say, "Father, forgive me. I'm sorry, Lord. I I want to lay myself back down on that altar, and he will redact everything the devil said about you, but there's going to be some that's going to be standing there, and they never came under that blood. And he said, he said, Lord, wrote in the last text, he said, Lord, whatever, let me be standing by you. That's where I want to be. Amen. As we look at a couple more things, we see another woman. I want to just take a for just a brief moment on a a woman in the Bible. She had to lay herself down. It was a poor little woman. Didn't have much, but she knew who God was. Listen, we may not have much. Our church may not be the biggest churches. Our our our message movement may not be the biggest movement. Or this message, this word may not have affect the most people that others, you know, the billions of Catholics and thou h millions of Pentecostals or whatever. We might be looked at as a poor little woman, but as long as we know him. That's all that matters. And this little woman was a poor woman. And you'll know the story. She went one morning into her barrel and it was going down and down and down and down and down day after day getting less and less. There's no going there's not going to I'm getting down to my last few my last week getting to my last few days. Circumstances were getting worse and worse and worse. But I want you to understand God was letting it get that way. Said he loves to do that. He loves to put your faith to the test to see what you will do in that circumstance. Will you fold the cards and throw them on the table and walk away? Go back into your going into some mlly grub somewhere or how are you going to stay? Will faith rise up over self? And here she is. He loves to see how it would be if you get get let you be anointed and prayed for and sickness gets worse. He'll even say, "Come on, Satan. Put him to the test because I know he believes me. Oh my, put him to the test. I know he took my word." Could he say that about you? Question mark. He said that about Job. Do do anything to him you want to do, but don't take his life. For I know he loves me. He's made burnt offerings. He's made requirements. He did what I told him. He believes. Roll the coals over him if you want to. He took everything away from him. But God dubbed it all back when the devil was through. See, God does that. He puts our faith to a test to see if we really believe he is God. That little woman, no doubt, I prayed. I prayed and I I'm just unworthy. a gentile. He says, remember Jesus spoke of her in the Bible. He says, "Wasn't there many widows in the day of Elijah, but he was only sent to one and she was a gentile?" Come on. She was sent to one and he was a gentile. And he says, "I prayed and I prayed. Maybe she seen that last little bit of moisture and and flour that she could pull together and it was going to make her last cake. One more little bite and she was going to die. and not only herself but her son. This is quite a test because there's a lot of things we would maybe do for ourselves, but we might not do the same choices if somebody else, one of our kids are involved. God got her in a real situation, real touchy spot. see her all night praying. Hot winds of blowing earth parts. They was in a famine. People screaming and crying, walking around the house. She looked at her little boy, looked at his little pajamas, his little stick, his little feet sticking out, looked at her hands all shriveled up and wrinkled walking back and forth. But she said, "I know he's God, and I've made my confession. and I've done everything he's required and I'm asking for our lives for his glory. The rest of them was going out maybe doing different things, you know, and wasn't all that concerned about it yet. Maybe they wasn't in the same condition she was in. But here she was and daylight broke and she walks out and she said, "That old fella, he cried all night and I got one little handful of meal. I'll just make him a cake and we'll die." He said, 'You know that meal was Christ. It meal was Christ and and you know that meal offering, it had to be ground with a special bird. So every little piece of corn was the same because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Every believer will believe that and rest upon it. You can have all your old corn religion all you want for want to. But for me, I believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I will make my stand in a world of infidels. Amen. I still believe he's the same yesterday. And they burn and they cut it till it was all the same to represent Christ. The oil means the spirit. We know it according to Ezekiel 4. That's the reason why anoint with oil and this it's a spirit. And John St. John 4 says the father seeketh those that are worship him in spirit and truth. Jesus was the truth. He was the meal offering. But you also have to have the spirit. You have to have a mixed together to make to make a cake to make something that you can get strength from. I mean, we got a lot of people that wants just the word or they want just the spirit. But unless you got both of them, you don't have anything you can mix together that'll make something that you can eat and it'll give you strength for the journey. Spirit mixed with truth. Put it together makes a cake. When God's word's preached in the power of the resurrection and Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, and the word goes forth, the meal, and you got the oil to mix with it. Uhoh. Hello. Did you hear that? He said, "The word goes forth the meal, but you have to have the oil to mix with it." Where do I get the oil? Take the veil of self off so the spirit can come down and fill that heart. And then when the word goes forth, there's spirit there to catch it and mix it together so you can have strength for the journey. This is why some people get so tore up and mixed up. Amen. Because they get one or the other. They get a little little move of the spirit on their on their outward realms and they get all happy and dance and they go right back the same person. But if you will get to such a point that that spirit is not just on your spirit, it's not just on your flesh, but it's all the way down in your heart. When that word comes forth, you can mix it with that and it'll give you something that'll give you strength to face your enemy. It'll give you something that'll give you strength when you get a doctor's report that ain't no good for yourself. So, I see a little day after daylight they voice speaks to her and says, "Go out in the yard and get two sticks." He said, "What was that two sticks representing?" Self sacrifice. It was a representation of the cross. lay one across the other representing a cross. But it wasn't just representing the cross of Jesus. It was representing her cross. And she was to lay it there. And as she's out gathering these two sticks, she hears a voice speak. And that gloomy moment when she thought all all the world was crashing around her and it was her last few moments on the earth, she heard a voice speak. It says, "Fetch me a vessel of water." She turned and looked with these two sticks in her hand and mealled an oil ready to mix. And she ready to lay it on her cross of self-sacrifice to deny anything that's contrary to the word. And the voice said, "Bring me a little drink of water." And she looks and she sees a man standing leaning across the gate, thin cheek, bearded, bald-headed, looking across the gate with a whole piece of sheep skin wrapped around him. looked like he was go kind of a kindl looking old gentleman. She said, "I'll share my water with him." Waters of life. You're willing to give that to anybody? Tell anyone. Yeah, just a moment, sir. And she starts to walk back at and said, "Not only your water, but bring me a little morsel of bread that's in your hand." My last piece. My last piece. It's kind of like that old fella that was asking his buddy said, 'You know, hey, if you got 10 cows, would you give me one of them? He said, 'Of course. If I had 10 cows, I'd give you one of them. Well, if you had 20 chickens, would you give me two of them? He said, "Well, yeah, of course. If I had 20 chickens, you the best friend I ever had. I'll give you two of them." He said, "Well, if you had two hogs, would you give me one of them?" He said, "Now you know I got two hogs. It gets a little serious when you only got one left. Been all right if she had a barrel full of it, but she didn't have it. She just scraped everything that she had and she's carried in her hand to go put it upon the fire, right? And she's asked for sacrifice, self sacrifice, because she knows if she gives this to him, they're going to die to right now. is over. Only thing they was really doing was prolonging their death. Hello. That's only do what you do with yourself. You're prolonging your death. You're going to die one day. You get what I'm saying? We're all coming to that moment. But if you can die now, you can be raised again to never die again. But here she is. She's got this one last bit. And she hears this voice. Fetch me a little cake first. He said, "What is it?" It's always God first. No matter what anybody else says, no matter what you say, it's always God first. Well, the doctor says, "I can't weigh again." Well, it's God's word first. God's word supersedes what the doctors say. Come on, somebody. Well, I'm too much of a sinner. I'm this. I'm a gambler. I'm a drunker. It's God's word first. What God has spoke overrides everything the devil could ever say about you. Bring me a morsel of bread in your hand. Fetch me a little water. She looked at him, but there was something told her that this man knew what he was saying. See, what was it? Is my sheep knows my voice. She was a sheep. God knows where his sheep are. Oh, they might be out there, been out there away from a lot of things and so ged over with self, they don't even look recognizable, but they're still a sheep. Hello. They're still a sheep. She turns in obedience and she comes and she lays herself down upon the altar. She makes a cake and she brings it to him. It was her last moment. She thought she thought, "This is it. I've gave it. That's sorry, son. I I've done it." And he said she turned to walk away and she hears that voice speak says because you have done this the barrel will not go dry and the oil the oil will not go dry in the flask. And every day from that moment till the famine was over. She could go there and she could scoop out that last bit and she could make a cake. And she wanted to go back again. It was there again. She went back again. It was there again. Day after day after day. Do you see how you get rewarded when you lay yourself down? Let me tell you, you'll get a lot more than you give. Hallelujah. There's a lot more worth giving up. I mean, your life that you lay down and pride and your arrogance and all that nonsense of your life that you've allowed to become yourself and your bubble. If you'll just lay under his presence willingly and say, "Lord, I want you're one of your sheep. take this out of my life. It will be worth it all when you see him. Abel died on the same altar. And the only way you're ever going to get right with God is the day on to die on the altar with Christ until you become everything becomes black around you. Die and then you will rise again. Then you'll be a new creature in Christ. Let's bow our hearts. Faith over self. Listen, if you will give your your be your life to him and lay it upon his altar, you won't have to worry about that meal barrel running out and you dying wilting away before the next service or the next camp. No, because what you will receive is everlasting life. that he's going to take care of you and feed you a long life's journey until this famine is over with and we're back with him. Takes the spirit and the meal [Music] offering. We both have something to do. It ain't just on the preacher, him getting himself out of the way, but it's on every one of us getting oursel out of the way and allowing God to come and fill every [Music] fiber that when the word does come forth, there's enough oil to mix with that meal that'll give you a little take to make it to the next service, to make it to the next meeting, surviving every day by the spirit of God and the meal offering because you've taken the cross and you've laid yourself down upon it and you have given your all. This is where people come to. They they come to an altar and they give 50% few things here or there. Why didn't I get it? Give your [Music] all. Give your all. How many can say that tonight? Lord, I I just want to give my all. Lord, I I just want every time, Lord, that you just come with the spirit of God and the meal offering and move around me and bur all of that wool that I've allowed to grow here or there and it's covered my vision or it's covered this or that. I just want it all sheared off. Lord, I I want the presence of God in my life more than anything. How many could say, "Lord, I want you more than anything. I want you more than anything, more than this whole world and what it has to offer. I'm so thankful to be a person that can have a will to serve the Lord. That can have a will to come to church on a Wednesday night. That can have a will to serve him and to live for him and amen to even dress a certain way and act a certain way. Not because not because it's a regulation, but it's my it's what I want to do. My heart's been changed and I love him with all my heart and I I don't want to hurt him in any way. I I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to cause any more hurt on him or spin in his face. I I want to just give him glory and honor and thanksgiving. I I want to say, "God, what an awesome God you are." Maybe that'll be your heart's desire tonight that you you want to just say that with all your heart. You want to just stand to your feet and you want to open up yourself and say, "God, what an awesome God you are." Yes, you are. Thank you for the will to serve you. Thank you for the love. Thank you, peace, a heart to live for you. Oh Jesus, we love you, Father. We praise you, Almighty God. We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. Hallelujah. All of thee, my precious, my blessed. Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender all. Yes, maybe you want to give your all tonight. Maybe this is your night and you want to give your all. Why don't you just walk up to this altar and say, "God, I surrender all. I lay it all down. I'm not holding nothing back. Hallelujah. I surrender all. Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I I surrender. I give it all to you, Jesus. Oh, I surrender. I surrender all. [Music] Oh to thee mine. Oh my blessed savior I surren. Oh I surrender all. Oh I. Yes Lord I surrender all. Oh, I miss Jesus. Maybe there'll be some that want to come around and praise for some of these. Hallelujah. Want to see them give their all to Jesus Christ. Oh, I surren. Oh, I surrender all. Yeah, I surrender. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender. Yes, Lord. Oh, be my bless. [Music] All to Jesus. I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will never love and trust him. In his presence name we live. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender [Music] all to thee. My my blessed day. [Music] [Music] For your mercy never fails me. All my days have been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will see of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. you through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no [Music] other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will see of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. After me. With my life laid down. I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running. Yes, it's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Oh, it's running running after it's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running. Yes, it's running after. Say, your goodness, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. Oh, it's running after me. I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. All over my life I see promises in fulfill. Oh, all over my life. All over my life. Yes. I see the evidence of your good. Oh, I see it all my life. Oh, my life. Yes, I see. It fulfill me all over my life. All over my life. Oh, I see the evidence of your goodness, of your goodness all over my life. Over my life. I see your promises in [Music] fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Cuz all my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath I'm aable. [Music] More of the [Music] goodness, more of my life. You have been faithful. You been good. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath, with every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Where the spirit of the Lord There is freedom. I am free. Amen. [Music] Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. Oh, I am free. Amen. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. I am free. Amen. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. I am free. Amen. So listen to my [Music] hope, Lord, and hear our spirit [Music] sing. A song of praise that flows. [Music] Oh, from those you have redeemed. Oh, and we will use the words we know. Oh, to tell you what an awesome God. Oh, and words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. If words could fall like rain. And if words could fall like rain. Oh, from these lips of a [Music] mile. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. [Music] So if you listen to my heart, Lord, every beat would [Applause] say, Lord, I thank you for the life. Lord, I thank you for the truth and thank you for the way. [Music] and listen to my heart. Oh Lord, hear our spirit [Music] sing and the song of praise that flows. old from those you have [Applause] redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God. Oh, if words are not enough to tell you of our love. Oh, listen to all. Words are not enough. And if words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to my [Music] If words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen [Music] to Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Holiness has a name. And it's Jesus. Victory has a name. And it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's [Music] Jesus. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, blessing and honor, Lord. Oh, blessing and [Music] honor. Behold the Lord seated on the throne. Oh. Oh, he's a well that overflows. Overflows. He's the God who was and his and shall be forever [Music] more. Oh, holy is the Lord. And amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. [Music] Behold the way, the truth, and the life. [Music] Perfect Savior, oh, he washes white. The God who was and is and shall be forever more. Oh, holy is the Lord and Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Oh, amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. And holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and is Jesus. Redemption has a name and is Jesus. Holiness say holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Oh, victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name. And it's Jesus. Oh, it's Jesus. Redemption has a name and is [Music] Jesus. And amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Oh, [Applause] amen. Oh, blessing and honor and power. Amen. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just [Music] something about Oh, we're so grateful to call you our master. You're our savior, [Applause] Jesus. You're like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus. Oh [Applause] Jesus, let all heaven and earth [Music] proclaim. Oh kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something about that. Oh, can we just sing that to him again now? Say Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] There's just something about that name. Oh master, savior [Applause] Jesus. Like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus. [Applause] Jesus of heaven and earth proclaim. Oh [Applause] kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But [Music] and kings and kingdoms. Sing that again now. Oh, kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something [Music] that day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Aaliyah, Sister Zoe, Sister Katie, come up and help me sing. Amen. Amen. I believe that we've been touched by a fire. Amen. And I think that we just need to let the world watch us burn. Oh Jesus blinded all my darkness. He sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. Say, I will not hide. I will not hide. Oh, and I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it. Shout it from the roof. Oh, shout it till it again. Say, I've been touched by a fire. Oh, I've been touched by your fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone has heard. Oh, this love will never be exting wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. Oh, aren't you thankful? You can say his spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, say it like you're thankful. his spirit. Oh, and I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the ground. Shout it to everyone. sake and say I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till he Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Can you say Jesus has changed my life? His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I want to say I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it. This holy fire is burning inside of me. No, I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. Why can I keep this holy fire burning inside of me? Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Is that your testimony tonight? Just shout it from the rooftop till everyone has heard. Say it again. Say, I've been touched. I' been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till he I know Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name may be lifted high. His glory fires burning inside of me. Can you sing it one more time? Jesus has changed my life. He made me lifted high. This holy fire's burning inside of me. And what is it now? I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. fires burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of [Music] me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shouting from the rounds. Shouting till [Music] he shouting from the rooftops. Shout it to [Applause] everyone. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Shout it from the rooftops. [Music] Amen. Can you say this? Love will never be extinguished. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, just lift your voice to him and praise his name. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. We just say Jesus, we love you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we love you. We lift your name, Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Just praise his wonderful name. [Music] He's worthy. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] There is a longing only you can feel. A raging tempest only you can [Music] still. My heart is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Take me [Music] deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deep. Oh, can you just sing that to him again? Take me deeper and take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Oh, take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more. If you want to be dismissed, you're welcome to do so. If you want to stay and pray, stay in worship, you're welcome to do that as well. God bless you as you go. Sunrise to sunset. Oh, sunrise to sunset, I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A love that will abide here in your presence. Forever satisfied. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, Lord, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. Oh, take me deeper, deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been. before. Oh, I just want to love you more and more. How I love to be deeper in love. Isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? [Music] Isn't the name of Jesus [Music] wonderful? All the world will come to him and have their sins removed. Isn't the name of Jesus one? Oh, isn't the name powerful? Oh, isn't the name of Jesus powerful? Oh, isn't the name of Jesus powerful? Chains are broken and chains are broken when oh every knee must bow. is in the name of Jesus power. Eternal king, eternal king, you will reign forever and we will sing the glory of your [Applause] name. Be lifted high for all the world to see. Your name is all we need. Your name is all we [Music] need. And there is freedom in the name. There is healing in the name. There is power in the name. Salvation in. Oh, there is life in the name. There is no other name but [Applause] Jesus. Oh Jesus. And there is freedom in the name. Healing in the name. There is power. Oh, salvation in the name. And there is life in the name. There is no other name but Jesus. Oh, say there's freedom. There is freedom in the name. There is, oh, there's power in the name. Salvation in the name. Oh, in the name. There is no other name but Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Isn't the name of Jesus all we need? Isn't the name of Jesus all? He's the way, the truth, the life. He's the way, the truth, the life. The only way to God is the name. all we need. And I just want to praise you. Lift my hands. I love you. You are to me. and I exalt your holy name. Oh, just sing that to him again. Say, I just want to praise. Hallelujah. He inhabits the praises of his people. Amen. And if he created the angels to worship him, how much more does he love to hear his bride worship him and just say, "I love you. You're everything to me." And I exalt your holy name. I want to praise you Lord and I just want to praise you. Oh lift my hands and say Lord I love you. You are everything to me and I exalt you. Holy name on high. I want to praise you [Music] Lord. Oh I just want to say I love you Lord. I want to lift my hands. Oh, and say I love you. You are everything to me. And I exalt your holy name on high. And you are everything to me and [Music] God. You are everything, Lord. You are everything to me. and [Music] I exalt your holy name. He's been faithful, faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I can see. Though in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. He's been faithful. He's been faithful to me. He's been faithful. So faithful to me. Oh, looking back, his love and mercy I can [Music] see. Though in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. He's been faithful. Faithful to. Oh, he's been faithful to me. He's been faithful. Faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I [Music] see in my heart. I have question, even failed to believe. But you've been faithful, faithful to me. and you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made you made a way. Oh, when our backs were against the wall, they looked as if it was over. You made a way. Oh, and we're standing here only because you make a way and you move mountains. You cause walls to fall with your power. Perform miracles. There is nothing. Oh, that's impossible. Yes, Lord, we're standing here. Oh, yes. Only because Yes. You move mountains. You cause walls to fall with your power [Music] perform. Oh yes, Lord. cause the walls to fall tonight, Lord. Bring the prodigals back home, we pray, Father. Yes, Lord. And we're standing here. Yes. Only because you made you. You made a way. Oh, and our backs were against the wall. And it looked as if it was over you. You made a way. And we're standing here only because you
