################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - The Mountain Movers: Adopted Sons as Kings and Priests - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 13, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   The Mountain Movers: Adopted Sons as Kings and Priests - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 13, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvnZwi7sRdE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] don't know. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Natal. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] He's my [Music] Lord. There is no other one. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? [Music] He gives rest to the weary and new life to the holy. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Yes, he's my Lord. There is no other one. You can call the source like my Lord. [Music] He gives rest to the weary and new life to the lordless. There's no doubt but about it. He my Lord. He's my Lord. Yes. My Lord, there is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weary and new life to the homeless. There's no doubt about it. My Lord, I need you Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. right now I lift my hands oh to worship at your throne. I need you Lord. I need you Lord. One more time. I need you Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord, oh right [Music] now. Oh, I need you. Oh, right now I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. And this is your help. house. Father, come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Oh, this is your house. Oh, come and dwell. This is your house. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. There's a holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely, the burdens and their cares. This is your home. Oh, this is your [Music] house. Oh God, we dedicate this temple to you. [Music] We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. Yes, Lord. And let your glory filled the sanctuary be enthroned. Be enthroned. All the praises of your [Music] people Lord we agree in unity. Oh this is your house. Father come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. Oh, it's a holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Oh, this is your [Music] house. Come and dwell. Holy Spirit overflow. Let's stand together this morning. And Holy Spirit overflow. Decorate our walls. decorate our walls with grace and mercy and healing and redemption finding souls. Lord have your way. Oh, we humbly pray. This is your house. Father, come and [Music] dwell. This is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely break their burdens. And this is your house. This is your house. [Music] come and dwell. Amen. That's what we want to do is make him welcome today in our midst. He would come and touch hearts and lives. Amen. We um have this from the Wear family. So, we'd like to thank everyone for your prayers and support during this difficult time. the assistance with food and we're also deeply appreciated. Mom has now passed over Jordan to a place the rest of us long to go. Again, thank you from the families of Mike and Mark Wear. So, just want to give the thanks today to all that you've done for them. We have prayer requests today. We want to pray for Dexter's grandson Jason is scheduled for reconstructive hand surgery tomorrow. We know that the Lord Jesus is his healer. Also, they want to thank you for your prayers for Ruth Dexter. Her most recent PET scan shows no signs of cancer. So, I want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. We need ask in prayer for brother Gary Stank. He went to the oncologist. He ordered him to take shots and things and his blood work wasn't good. So just pray that shots don't hurt him at his age and with other many issues has. He'll be 85 in June. Said, "But we're believers and we're believing all is well and just appreciate the prayers of precious brothers and sisters. Love and pray for you all." Amen. As well. Amen. This thank you family. Want want to remember continue to remember sister Edna Hollis. She's home from the hospital but on hospice. pray for her and brother James as well. Uh, sister Kayla requests prayer for her coworker Karen Carol been diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. It's uh spread to her bones and several other places. She's a single mom with two children. So, just ask the Lord to be merciful on her behalf. How many would have a need, you know, to make known to the Lord. Amen. With the uplifted hand. Brother Aaron, if you'd open up service in prayer. Brother Joe is also out preaching in North Carolina. Remember him today. Amen. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come into this place this morning, Lord, we just come with thanksgiving in our heart, Lord. So thankful, Lord, not only for another opportunity, Lord. We're thankful for that. But we're just we're so thankful, Lord, for the opportunity you've given us, Lord, at eternal life. Lord, we're so thankful that you, Lord, chose to leave glory and come take on flesh. And Lord, that you would come and and die for somebody like me, Lord. And I this morning, my heart is filled with thanksgiving. I just want to say thank you, Lord, for for being so mindful, being so caring, and being so loving. And Lord, you're a good God, and you're a wonderful provider. I just want to tell you this morning that you've been so good to me, Lord, and you've blessed me. And Lord, we're a blessed people. And we just want to return thanksgiving to you today, Father. And Lord, we're thankful, Lord. Even as we heard the the Wear family giving thanks, Lord, for all that people did for for for Sister Marilyn. Lord, we like to give you thanks today, Lord, that that we can today as we laid a loved one in the ground. We have assurance, Lord, that Lord, we'll see them again and that they're in a in a better place, in a new body. Lord, we give you thanks today, Father, that that you are the healer and that your word has never changed and and you never will change. And so as we read these needs this morning, Lord, we can come boldly and with expectation knowing that you still heal cancer, Father. And Lord, this single mother, Lord, that has cancer. I just pray that you'll move in a mighty way for your glory as a testimony, Lord, that let the light shine again to a dying world that there is a living God, Lord. Lord, we thank you that we can come this morning and and stand upon the rock of your word and we can speak because we believe because your word has never failed us, Father. Lord, the Dexters with the the the grandson having reconstructive surgery. I pray you'll guide the hands of the physicians, Lord. And Lord, you'll move in that case and Lord, our dear sister Hollis, Lord, and they've sent her home on hospice. And Father, I just pray that you'll just be with her and comfort her, Lord, in in these days. and Lord move in that home and and and and bring comfort of knowing Lord that the the situation is settled and that Lord her destination is sure and we thank you for a saint of God like our sister Hollis Lord I just pray that you'll just move Lord for our brother Gary and Lord in the situation there as he's having to take these shots Lord Lord I pray that they'll serve a purpose but they'll have no ill effects and Lord beyond even that Lord that you'll just come down and do a complete healing in that body Lord you're that that's the kind of God you far. And it's what we've come to expect, Father, is that you're going to move on the scene, Lord, for every other need that was read, Lord, this morning, Lord. You knew. And not only did you knew, but you provided, Lord, when you took those stripes at Calvary, Lord, it took care of every sickness, Lord. It took care of of every bound person. Lord, your blood was shed. And today, that blood is still just as effective as it's ever been, Father. And we're looking to that today. We're looking to the word that declares that you're the healer that you're the Lord God that heals all diseases. So Lord, we come in confidence today, giving you thanks, Lord, that every request has been answered. Now, Lord, we just want, Lord, our faith to raise to the level of the promise today, Father. Lord, may the word come forth in power and Lord, elevate us and open our eyes, Father. Lord, may we all have a hunger today for more of you and not be satisfied and complacent where we find ourselves, Father. But Lord, today I need more. Lord, I just pray that my heart would receive it gladly. And Lord, may we not just be hearers, but may we apply it to our lives today, Father. Lord, we welcome you. We invite you to take control, Lord. Every song, Lord, every special, Lord, may it bring you glory and may it please you and may you, Lord, just move out through the preaching of the word, Lord, under an anointing today, Lord. May the the bound be delivered and the sick be healed. May the backslider repent today, Father. Lord, it's that anointing that breaks the yoke, breaks every chain. Lord, we're expecting it today. We're looking to you, Lord, to come and just move in a mighty way. Lord, we thank you once again. We praise you, Lord. And we just ask you now that you'll bless all these things in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Amen. I think we got pretty much everything covered for youth camp. But if you don't have a ride to youth camp, need a ride and you see brother Daryl or myself or one of the brothers, deacon brothers, and try to get that addressed. But if you are in the skit, uh we'd like for you to stay right after service uh for a short meeting. If you do that, sure appreciate it. Amen. Now, why don't you find somebody else and shake somebody else's hand? Welcome them to the house of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm redeemed by love divine. Amen. How many redeemed are here this morning? Oh, good. A couple of you can't shake hands and hear what I'm saying at the same time. Amen. How many redeemed are here this morning by the blood of the lamb? Well, I'm redeemed by love [Music] divine. Holy glory. Christ is mine. to me. I'm down. I have been I have been a master brothers take up where I thy glory. Christ is mine. Oh, I now desire. I have been I have been king. Oh, sweet is a song I'm singing today. Will I redeem? Oh, I redeemed. Trouble and sorrow. Have that is the way I have been. I have been redeemed. Will I redee my love? Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. over me. I now have my I great is my joy. Now as onward I go will I redeemed. Yes, I'm redeemed. All the whole world my praises shall flow. Will I have been? I have been redeemed. Will I give my love? Glory. Glory. Christ is mine. [Music] Yes. All to him down is high. I have been I have been redeemed. Oh, precious name. It's my saving me. Will I redee? Oh, I [Music] redeemed happy glory. Someday I will be and I have it. I have glory. I now find glory. Glory. Christ is mine. [Music] Oh, and I'm happy. I have been redeemed. Oh, I'm redeemed. I love God. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. all to him. I love that I have been [Music] redeemed. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed. Is now my name? Will I be all my life has been raised and what a difference it makes when the Lord has made all my life. Praise God has been changed as though my sins were a star. They're white as though I was found. But today I am free. I was lost in darkness, but now I found I was found. Oh, I see. Well, I've been [Music] changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been reached. And what a new front when the Lord has away all my life. Praise God has been changed. And when at last in his presence I'll stand up. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a rest like a new home beyond the sky. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been reigned. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way on my life. Praise God has been changed. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Sister, come on. Amen. Let you be seated. Sister Sarah, best sing for us this morning. [Music] Got joy in the struggle. I've got peace in the storm. I've got strength in the battle. I don't fear anymore. I'm a child of heaven. My hope is secure. I've got joy cuz I've got Jesus. He gave me beauty for ashes. Turn my life around. He broke my chains and now I dance on solid ground. All he's done to save me. I will raise my voice. I've got Jesus, so I've got joy. He bore all of my burdens. Yeah, my debt has been paid. Then he said to my drive, "Rise out of that grave." He is all of my worship, all the honor and praise. I've got joy cuz I've got [Music] Jesus. He gave me beauty for ashes. Turn my life around. He broke my chains and now I dance on solid ground. All he's done to save me. I will raise my voice. I've got Jesus. know I've got joy like a river running through my soul. Joy all around me everywhere I go. Even in the desert still overflows. Oh, I've got joy. Yeah. God joy never ending because he called my name. Every breath I breathe. Testament of amazing grace. Oh hallelujah. Everything has changed. Oh, I've got joy. Yeah, I've got joy. [Music] He gave me beauty for ashes. Turned my life around. He broke my chains and now I dance on solid ground. All he's done to save me. I will raise my voice on Jesus. So I've got joy like a river running through my soul. Joy all around me. Everywhere I go, even in the desert, still it overflows. Oh, I've got joy. Oh, I've got joy. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many's got joy? If you got Jesus, Amen. You got to have some joy. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's put in the key of G. Amen. We cry out your name. Amen. [Music] Father life seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved and Lord you have said if we call upon your name we we and our will be saved. So we cry out your name. that I got out of praise Lord most high. Oh Jesus Christ. And we we rely on your grace. Heaven and high crown in praise. Oh, most high Jesus Christ and father of love never failing to forive. Each moment is a gift from me to live. We're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. Oh, we [Music] cry out your name. El Shai, God of grace, Lord, most high, oh Jesus Christ. And we rely on [Music] your night round in praise. Oh Lord high. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh, we cry. So we cry out your name God. Oh Lord. Oh sh Oh Jesus [Music] Christ. We rely on your [Music] grace. And another round of praise. Oh high Jesus Christ, Father of life and father of life, seated on your throne. Oh, it's only by your mercy we are saved. [Music] Adore you have said if we call upon your name then we and our family will be saved. So we cry. Oh Jesus out your name. Jesus God of God most high Jesus Christ and we rely on your grace down crown in praise. Oh Lord most high. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh we cry. We cry your name. Amen. Anybody want to just call them Jesus this morning? God of [Music] grace, you are Jesus Jesus Christ and we rely on your grace. Oh my [Music] go Jesus Christ. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve your glory. You're worthy of God. You're worthy of [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. You're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, you're worthy. I [Music] adore for you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] world. For from all things all things you deserve all the glory. You're [Music] worthy. For he's worthy of it. has given it all. You're worthy. Oh, from you all to you. Oh, you deserve. Hallelujah. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. All the praise, all the glory. You're worthy of it all, Lord. From you are all things. To you are all things you deserve. Oh, lift your hands and sing it now. You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. Oh, from you are our things. To you are our thanks. You deserve the glory. Oh, you're worthy of [Applause] your worthy. For from you are all things. Hallelujah. Oh, you deserve You deserve the glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve it. Oh, sing it again, church. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. Oh, worthy is a lamb of God. Oh, who was slain before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. You deserve all the glory and the honor and the praise. Oh, you're worthy of it all. I'm going to give it to you this morning, Lord. I'm going to praise you, Lord. I'm going to worship you, Father. [Music] Oh, for from you comes my peace and my joy and my happiness, Lord, and my power to overcome this world. Oh God, you're worthy of it, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all. [Music] to you all things. You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord God. How worthy is the lamb. the one of whom all creation streamed out in glory, saying, "Worthy is the lamb to receive power and glory and honor. For thou has redeemed us out of every kindred, tongue, nation, tribe, and people." Oh, and made us priests and kings under our God. How we love you today. And we just want to worship you today. We want to lift up the mighty name of Jesus. Oh God, we want to express our love to you. The psalmist would say, "Then sing my soul, my savior God to thee, how great thou art, for you're so great and greatly to be praised. We love you today. We just want to enter into your courts with thanksgiving, into your courts of praise today. We want to just bask, oh God, in your presence. Let your love light just shine all around us. Your blessings flow through us. Lord, we want to be a vessel today that you can speak through. Lord, we want to be able to hear what the spirit says to the church. We want to respond as sons and daughters of God. Bless your children that have gathered here today, Lord. those across the world that have gathered with us. Oh God, those in their little homes or wherever they are, maybe some sick, unable to come, situations in their lives. Lord, I I pray God that you'll bring healing and deliverance. Lord, I I pray that you just today in a special way go by the different ones that are not able to be here, Lord. Oh God, go to the Peak family and go over there to the Stani family and go over there to the Hollis family and Lord, anybody else, Father, that's out there that ain't able to come to the house of God and those God that are in situations, broken situations, terrible situations where they have no place to worship, Lord, no place they can really call home. I pray that you would just meet their needs today. You'd speak to their hearts, Lord. Your bride around the world, Lord, meet the needs of your people. May today the son of righteousness rise with healing in his wings. Spread forth those mighty wings, oh God. And when he does, every demon flees and Satan's powers are broken and chains fall off. Oh God, because of the triumph of the blood of Christ, I pray in the name of Jesus, meet the needs of your children gathered here this morning. May we enter into this place in a very, very special atmosphere where great things happen to them that believe in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Wow. Isn't it wonderful to be here in the house of the Lord today to be together with God's children and his wonderful people. Amen. And I I tell you, I I think he's wonderful. I know he is. And I believe his people are wonderful. Amen. It's great to be together with you today and pray the Lord would bless you in a very very special way and minister to your heart today. And if you got a need in your life, well, I'll tell you, you know, it's great that you can recognize it because the Bible said, "They that hunger and thirst after righteousness shall be filled." So, we're just looking for him to fill us up today. We got we got spring camp coming right up on us, as you know. We will not be having a Wednesday night service, Easter service. We'll be down at the at the youth camp as we've done for many, many years since 1987. And except during the COVID time. So, you know, we're we're going to be meeting together and and there are those that are coming and ministry that are preparing and and and souls that need saving and and people that needs a renewing. Amen. And I'm just praying for a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit. And I want to thank this church for your many years of service and sacrifice to the Lord and given for that meeting. And um we just pray that God will to use use this camp for his glory. So if you'll turn with me this morning to Hebrews chapter 5, I want to read from the fifth verse. If you'll look there with me and we're keeping our theme there of who art thou oh great mountain thou shalt become a plain and the headstone shalt be brought forth with shoutings crying grace grace unto it and today we're going to be speaking about adopted sons as kings and priest amen so Hebrews chapter 5 verse 5 so also Christ glorif glorified him, not himself, to me made an high priest, but he that said unto him, Thou art my son, today have I begotten thee, as he also said also in another place, thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc, who in the days of his flesh, when he'd offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears, unto him that was able to save him from death and was heard in that he feared. And though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him, called of God and high priest after the order of Melzdc. Amen. I'm going to let you be seated, but I would do want you to turn for another scripture reference over to uh Revelation 5 and and uh verse one. We will read from there. Revelation 5 and verse one. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, "Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof? And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon." And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open, and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders said unto me, "Weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, in the midst of the elders to the Lamb, as it had been slain, heaven, seven horns, and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of the saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and has made us unto our God, kings and priests, and we shall reign over the earth or on the earth. Amen. God bless you. You know as we are looking at this passage of scripture today this about Melzdc from the book of Hebrews where Paul was saying that Jesus did not glorify himself to make himself a priest but God placed him in the priesthood in the order of Melzdc. And then you see in Revelation chapter 5 um this lamb and of course this lamb was representing or symbolizing Christ which is the great kinsman redeemer and so you're seeing Jesus in the priest king office of Melzdc and you can see why it was important for us to know in this last day because of the opening of the seven seals revealing who is this Melzdc so that we could see his continued work as king priest as brother Brandham would conclude even that service and said I want to still show you he's still the high priest that can be touched by the feelings of your infirmities and and he began to call people out of the audience and and minister to them and he said see what happened is you touched the high priest. So, he's still the high priest that can be touched. He's still the mediator that can be touched with the feelings of our infirmities. And so, in this passage of Revelation 5, which we've been through many times, but oh, it's so um revalent to us in this day. There was a call that was for a worthy man, but it just couldn't be just any man. It would be a have to be a man called in the order of Melzdc who was both priest and king. And now in the structure of the Old Testament, let's just look at that briefly that as God dealt with Israel, the priesthood was one of the tribe of Levi. You see, no one could just decide, I'm going to be a priest. Even if he was a Hebrew and a bonafideed seed of Abraham, only an Israelite of the tribe of Levi could be a priest. And and so you you'll find in the passage of 2 Coronicles chapter 26, there was a king who was of the lineage of David. And he was um actually had been a very godly king and a successful king and powerful. But when he became strong h you know what brought about his demise was pride led to his downfall. And he entered in the temple of the Lord to burn incense on the altar. And that was something that was strictly reserved for the priests, the sons of Aaron. Not just anybody could do this. But he thought him being a priest or I'm sorry being a king that he could should be able to also do the priesthood work because he began to with pride lift up in his heart and and thought he himself would just march right into the temple and do this this job. And there was Azeriah the priest and there were 80 other courageous priests that confronted him and tried to stop him. But Uzziah became angry and at that moment uh leprosy broke out on his forehead and he had to live in isolation till the day he died. Now this is a vivid reminder of the danger of stepping outside of God's divine order. You see and and especially in worship and in priestly functions. but a a priest in the order of Melzdc. Of course, they he could be a priest and a king. If you remember um the first time that Melzdc is mentioned after the battle uh where Abraham went and and rescued his nephew Lot and and and the and and whipped the five kings of that day of I think it was Chetelamir and different others that had fought that he fought and he rescued Lot his brother. It was that time that he was met by Melzdc who was the king of Salem and the priest of the most high God. So you see in this in in the lineage of Melzdc. It was he could be priest and king because this was really not an earthly man. This was God in theophonyic form coming down revealing himself to Abraham. Now, so and of course God in in the Melchazdc office, he could be priest and king. But in the Aeronic priesthood, they were not to be kings because it was to come from the line from the lineage of Judah. And then on the other hand though that you know the priest or the had to come of Aaron's lineage because it was of the tribe of Levi that the priesthood was called and you could not mix the two offices. But you see in the lineage of Melzdc they could be both priest and king. Now, when John looks and and he he's hearing this voice saying uh when he's crying and weeping because no man was found worthy to take the book and to loose the seals and to redeem man because that was what it was representing. The book represented the human race and the earth and all that belongs to them. And and so no man was found worthy. And so there was a call had been made of who is that worthy man that can do that? And no one was found. And so when he steps forth here, he hears the voice saying um the lion of the tribe of Judah. He hath prevailed. So we know first of all he is of the tribe of Judah. He's the lion. He is the king. Right? So now, but on the other hand, when John looked to see this lion, he saw instead a lamb. You see, and the lamb represented the priesthood and the intercessory work which he continues. If you read the book of revelation even all the way um you know through the tribulation if you read re you know revelation chapter 7 you will also see he continues the lamb leads those to the fountains of river of living water even at the white throne judgment. So you see it goes all the way that he continues his great mediator work. People want to say today, "Oh, well, because the seals are open." Remember, they're not open, but by symbol form to John, revelation form to us, and then there will be a literal taking of the book when the bride is raptured. So, you know, but he will continue in his work as an intercessor, as a high priest. you will see him as the lamb, you know, leading the um Israel, the 144,000 and and they're they're worshiping the lamb on Mount Si. So, you see even in the tribulation, he is still lamb. You will see him also doing the work of kinsmen um which is in this in the tribulation will be the kinsman avenger and he will avenge all of the wicked deeds that Satan and his kingdom has done to the children of God and the great and her daughters will be judged and even Satan will be bound at the end of the thousand years and he does this as kinsman redeemer. And this is his work as priesthood as lamb as he continues right on even in the tribulation with the wrath of the lamb. Amen. The wrath of the lamb being poured out upon the earth at the seven vials are poured out uh in during the tribulation. So you know his intercessory works until on the even on the other side of the millennium at the great white throne judgment where the sheep are div are divided from the goats. So there will be some that he will say enter into life. What is that intercessory? So even even now the intercessory power the blood is what we overcome Satan by. For as the bride ascends, Satan is cast down. And the Bible said, "And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb." So the blood is still effective for for every one of us all the way to the rapture. We need the blood. And so they overcame him by the blood of the lamb because of on account of and by the virtue of it having been shed. Had that blood not been shed, Satan's accusation would have been unanswerable. As as it is, that blood today meets every charge that Satan can make against us. And as long as we are in this fleshly body, you need the intercession of the blood of the intercessory lamb. Amen. Now, so John will hear the the the that the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed to open the book. But when he turns to look, he said, "I beheld and lo in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts. And in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns representing the seven true Jesus, seven eyes of which the which are the seven spirits of God sent forth to all the earth that would anoint seven messengers for seven ages. And when John looked on him, it's important to see this that he did not see him as a king and approaching him as a king before a throne of judgment, but he saw a lamb, a mediator, an intercessor, and he had been slain, punished, and judged as the one who had taken his punishment. You see, no wonder they could all cry out, "He has redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and has made us unto our God, kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth." Notice we have been we are called to be priests with him. Amen. Of course, not in the order of Aaron. We could we would have to be an Israelite in the tribe of Levi to do that. But in the order of Melzdc who was both priest and king, Revelation 1 and verse 6 says, "And he had made us kings and priests unto God and his father, and to him be glory and dominion forever and ever." Amen. Amen. He hath made us. Oh, brother Brandon would actually talk about this in the church age book. I'm not going to read it, but I'm just going to speak about it for a minute. He said, "Did you catch that? He hath made us. Not man, not religion, not your works, not your effort." Amen. God did it. Salvation is not something you earned. It is the gift of God. It is something that heaven declared over us. Salvation is of is of the Lord. It's not a patchup job. It's a complete transformation. He didn't just forgive you. He redefined you. Amen. He gave you a new identity. He made you something that this world cannot understand. He made you a new creation. Amen. He redeemed us with his blood. He bought us with a purpose. And that purpose is not to blend in with Babylon, but to reign and to minister as kings and priests unto our God. That's what we've been called for. In Romans 5:1 17, it says, "They which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign, watch these words, reign in life by one, Jesus Christ." Did you notice the word rain? Do you realize we're not waiting for a crown someday? We're wearing spiritual crowns right now. Come on. You should know that. Because in Revelation 4:10, the the bride of the old and the new represented by 12 uh the the Old Testament, which is the the 12 patriarchs, and then the 12 apostles apostles there. The so the bride of the Old and the New Testament are represented there. And the four and 20 elders fought down before him that sat on the throne, and they worshiped him that liveth forever and ever. and they cast their crowns before the throne. So you see the bride has a crown. We are presently crowned as king. We are not going to be kings. We are already kings. Crowned kings. What that means? We are positioned with a in power and authority and we're crowned with the Holy Ghost. Amen. We shall reign in life. The Bible said we shall reign in life. Reign over sin, over shame, over lies of the enemy. Over your past, you shall reign over it. You are not a slave to your past. Amen. You are a king in the now. You are anointed. You are appointed by the king of glory himself. Amen. And if you didn't make yourself this, he made you this. Salvation made you this. He crowned you with the Holy Ghost and set you and positioned you beside him. We shall reign in life. Colossians 1:13 says, "Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son." He didn't just pull you out. He placed you in where? The kingdom positioned you as a son of God. You have been translated, transferred, transplanted, adopted. I mean by that placed position into a kingdom that cannot be shaken. Amen. You don't belong to this world. You belong to the king. You don't walk like the world. You don't think like the world. You don't bow to the world. You reign from a higher realm. Amen. You have dominion. I'm not talking about someday. I'm talking about right now. Dominion over sin, dominion over fear, dominion over lust, dominion over the flesh, dominion over the power of darkness. Amen. He have made us priests. Oh yeah. Watch now. You're not just royalty. You are holy royalty. A priestly king. You're not you're not just sitting on the throne. You're actually also standing at the altar. Amen. You you offer up sacrifices of praise. You offer up your life like a sweet smelling incense before the throne. Your lips are sanctified. Your prayers are heard. Your intercession is powerful because you are a priest under your God. In fact, your effectual fervent prayers avails much before God. For the prayer of faith will save the sick and God shall raise them up. Hallelujah. As he says in in first Peter 2:9, "But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people." Well, no wonder the world doesn't appeal to us. We've some seen something greater. We are peculiar because but we're not peculiar because we are strange but because we are marked. We are sealed. We are separated. We've been set apart. We've been filled and we've been commissioned. And maybe why that's why some think strange because we are totally unworldly. Amen. We're not of this world. We're from another realm. We have dominion over the flesh, the world, and the devil. And what do kings do? They rule. I'm talking to you this morning. What do priests do? They minister. And what do sons and daughters do? They reflect his glory. They walk in his image. And as a priest, they carry the holy fire as light into the darkness. And as king, they take dominion over hell itself. Amen. That carry the name of Jesus Christ to which every knee has to bow and every tongue confess that he is supreme Lord over all. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? No wonder then we're zealous to good works. We've been recreated in Christ Jesus to reflect the neighbor the nature of our father. So I'm telling you this morning, don't walk like a popper. Amen. When you're wearing a crown. Come on. Amen. Don't moan like a slave when you've been seated in heavenly places. Quit that slave mentality. Look at Israel when they were freed from bondage in the first Exodus. One of the first things they did, they put off the garments of their slavery. They went out with a high hand. Amen. I think we ought to done that already spiritually. Amen. threw off the garments of our past, the garments of our slavery. Amen. The dirty garments, the ragged garments of our slave life where we were slave to sin, thrown them off and we've been robed with his righteousness. We've been crowned as a king. We have been given power and dominion to rule over Satan and Satan's kingdom. The book of Exodus chapter 19 says, "Then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine, and ye shall be unto me a kingdom, a priest, and a holy nation." Amen. You see, that's what he called us to be. So I I'm telling you today as a priest, don't let your lips go silent when you've been called to lift up holy hands and declare the glory of your king. Amen. That's what a priest does. He comes and he leads and worship. He worships. He brings incense. He brings sacrifices. Amen. Oh my. You you declare the glory of your kingdom. him be glory forever and ever. Amen. Let the priests minister before his altar. Let the kings stand as agents of his throne. Let the sons of God speak with authority. Amen. The crown is already on your head. The fire of the Holy Ghost is in your soul. And the throne room is calling. Amen. Amen. He made us unto our God, kings and priests to offer a sacrifice of praise. Let's examine the scripture. Hebrews chapter 13:E1 15. By him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. Now, that's not just in church, but our whole lives should be a worship. Amen. But church is important. We'll get to that in a minute. But our bodies, you see, are to to g give a sacrifice of praise to God continually. That what the fruit you know part of of the worship of the priests would actually to be bring fruit offerings or grain offerings. So part of your work in the priesthood is to bring fruit offerings. And he said, "The fruit of your lips given thanks to God." Amen. Now, Brother Brandham had some things to say. This this is from faith to substance. Our bodies are groaning. We have an inheritance. We are children now. We're heirs of the kingdom, kings and priests offering spiritual sacrifice. What does a priest do? Make a sacrifice. What is a spiritual sacrifice? That's what these sons and daughters do which are kings and priests yet not in full possession but they're making sacrifices offering to God spiritual sacrifices the fruits of our lips giving praise to him. Amen. The fruits of our lips. You say, "Brother brother Brandham, I just don't feel like praising him." That's the time to make the sacrifice. Praise him anyhow. Kings and priests, sons and daughters offering spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Amen. What a wonderful admonition from the prophet of God. Listen to him also from earnestly contending for the faith. He said said we are high priest offered spiritual sacrifices the fruits of our lips are giving praise to God. And may every believer now as a sacrifice of the high priest enter into the praises of God. Listen, shouting, glorifying God and praise him. I ask this in Jesus Christ's name. And the people praise God with all their hearts and give glory to God. So again, he would tell us and I'm just reading several of these. this from the seven church ages where he says he says when a little confusion comes in church you don't run over to one side and pout now if you if you are you sure ain't a priest see you pray through spiritual sacrifice the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name see what I mean well you you say I just don't feel like going to church but you're a priest it's your duty you've got to be there. Well, I I don't feel like taking part in the service. You know, now you finally come, but now you don't feel like taking part. But you're a priest, making a sacrifice, a spiritual sacrifice. Not giving somebody some handme-down. Amen. Not going to go going to get somebody to come to church. That's all good. I have nothing against it. that it's you that making a spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of your lips giving praise to his name. And when you see the time coming that everybody's blaspheing and saying those things and doing wrong and what do you do? Walk away? You're supposed to stand there with a spiritual sacrifice. The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from all sin. Makes me a new creature in Christ. Well, you're a crazy fellow. According to what you say, it's all right. But to me, it's the power of God under salvation. I believe it. You say, "You believe in divine healing?" Well, I don't believe. Better ask my pastor. Well, what do you think about it? You're a priest now. You're the guy to say, "Yes, sir. I believe it." Because God's word said, "So, do you believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit?" Yes, sir. How do you know? I received it. That's right. The spirit's a blessing. The Holy Spirit that fell on the apostles, the same spirit, Holy Spirit that falls now. Amen. Amen. Amen. What some wonderful things he says. He says in the power of decision. So the thing same thing he said to Moses, in other words, this Holy Ghost mana that begin to fall on the day of Pentecost was to sustain the church. And the church was to live only by the Holy Spirit until the day we enter into the millennium. Hallelujah. What is it? That same Holy Ghost. Amen. That same Holy Ghost. Now stop for a minute. Remember remember to to be eating of the hidden mana. It was only for the priest. It was only for the high priest. Amen. That's the highest calling of the priesthood. And you've not just been called a a priest, but you've been called a high priest. Amen. To enter in to the holiest where the pot of mana is. The same mana that was given on the day of Pentecost and get your handful and eat it. Have you done that? Then you're a high priest. Nobody else can do that. Listen, the veil has been open. God ain't trying to keep you out of it. He ripped the veil so you could get in. Hallelujah. Amen. He made accessible the way for anyone whosoever will. Amen. Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Eat of the original mana. Notice it was for everyone that was a priest in the Old Testament. Everyone in the New Testament that becomes a Christian, born again, becomes a priest to God. And we are priests and kings. A priest is to make a sacrifice. And we are to give God the sacrifice of our lips giving praise to his name. Say, "I don't feel like it." Do it anyhow. That's a sacrifice. Say, you say, he says, "Hallelujah." You say, "Well, I feel I feel too tired." Well, listen to this. The devil will tell you that until he takes you to hell. That's right. You've You are to make a spiritual sacrifice. The fruits of our lips given praise to his name. Kings and priests. The Bible said we were made us priests and kings unto God. I don't know how much planer you needed. Amen. Amen. I mean, you hear the whispers of the devil. What's other people going to think? You know, I'm too tired. I'm too weary. I've worked too hard. You know, I'm I'm really not excitable. I I It ain't about your emotions. It's about making a sacrifice. It ain't about your feelings. It's about who you're serving. Bringing an acceptable worship. Brother Brandham talks about his own sister in question answers on the Holy Ghost and he said the Holy Spirit fell in the building last night. That was for edification. I was standing there trying to tell the people they must receive the Holy Ghost and the devil had come around. You don't think he comes to church? You don't think he whispers in your ear this morning? Amen. He does. And the devil had come around saying, "Don't listen. Sit still. And my sister said, "Bill, I was so happy when you were preaching. I felt like I just raise up and jump through the wall." And I said, "Raise up and jump. That's all." And she said, "Well, when you began to do it out and the people began shouting, then I felt like I was an old nothing. Look what the devil did to her. The people are all rejoicing. People are all worshiping and she felt like cuz she, you know, because she had been reluctant and held back, you know, because the devil had come around saying, "Don't listen. Sit still." And she felt like, I mean, she would have had the impulse to worship. Felt like I'd raise up and jump. He said, "You should have done it." And he said, "Then when the people got to shouting," said I got to feel like I was an old nothing. And he said, "That's the devil. That's Satan." When he comes in to do that, you should have raised up anyhow. We're priests of God making spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to his name. Amen. This is a little bit lengthy, but I'm going to give you an example of brother Brandham given the sacrifice of praise himself. And I love this and we should take example from it. He says in the Lamb's Book of Life, you can maybe listen to it yourself, but he's worshiping and he says, "How we love you, how we praise you, how I worship you, Lord, myself here behind this sacred desk. With my hands up to thee, I worship thee, my God. I worship thee. You're my healer, my savior, my king, my provider, my father, my brother, my all and all. Rest in me. You're my strength. I publicly, David said, I will praise thee in the congregation of the saints, and I will give thee praise before the sanctified ones this morning. I praise thee for healing me. I praise you for my life. I praise you for my health. I praise you for the goodness you've shown me. I praise you for my friends. I praise you for everything, Lord. You're wonderful, joy, unspeakable, full of glory. How I praise thee. How I can recommend thee to the weary. How I can recommend you to as a savior. How I can recommend thee to the sick as a healer. How I I I can recommend thee to the wonderer as a king. How I love thee this morning. How I can recommend you to to those who are downtrodden to be to be the joy in the camp. How I can we thank you. You're a rock in the weary land. A shelter in the time of storm. The alpha, the omega, the beginning, the end, the roses sharing, the lily of the valley, the morning star. How we love you, how we adore you, how we appraise you, the matchless eternal one. We give thee praise. We'll praise thee and give thee praises through all the ages. Receive us, Lord, as we offer these blessings, the fruits of our lips. You said we're a peculiar people, a royal priesthood, offered spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips given praise to his name. How we praise thee, how we adore thee forever and ever. Oh, receive the adoration of our hearts. Express our lips, Lord, that from the depths of a pure heart, we praise thee, knowing that it's not what we could do. It's not our life, it's his life. It's not our salvation, it's his salvation. It's not our heaven, it's his heaven. It's not our works, it's his work. It's not our grace, it's his grace. It's not our glory, it's his glory. Not our power, it's his power. How we love you. Amen. Not our church, but his church. How we praise thee, oh God. That's our hearts. Receive us. Amen. Then he prayed, "Oh God, send this little Brandham tabernacle and outpouring of the spirit. Will you do it, Lord? We're needy here on the corner. God, send down the showers of blessings. Pour out the rain of God, the former and the latter. Baptize our pastor new. Set him a fire with the gospel. We love him today, the Lord. He's your servant. We pray that you'll anoint his heart. Anoint the hearts of other preachers in the building this morning. And every member, may we go out of here, Lord, and don't forget your poor, unworthy servant, myself, Lord, that you'll anoint me aresh with the Holy Ghost. Grant it, Lord. Give us these blessings. We humbly waiting at the altar knowing that we receive it. Bathing ourselves in your Holy Spirit, not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the power of God under salvation. How we thank thee for it. Some glorious day we hope to see you, Lord, and lay our hands at the feet of the one that stands with us today, who we cannot see, but we know he's here. How we praise thee. Amen. What an example. I think he taught us how to praise God. Amen. Oh, it's so important that everyone enters into an atmosphere of praise unto our God. Amen. Oh, what if it would be if we all came to church just one time and everybody got in one accord. Amen. You remember last Sunday's sermon? If you if you can't be the prophet, be a part of the minstrel. You remember where he said, "I tell you, brother, when all the formal shuckles are shut down and and and the spirit of God back in the songs again and get to an old place where we have the spirit of God moving in a place, then the prophet can see a vision. Then the powers of God comes in the church. Then they will see divine healing. Then they'll see the resurrection of Christ. Then they'll see he's the same yesterday, today, and forever." And he said, "Well, you say, "Brother Brandom, I'm not the prophet." Well, if you ain't the prophet, you can be the minister of the instrument in instrument anyhow. Just keep playing. That's right. You ain't got more than them 10. You just give bent as hard as you can. If you can't be the prophet, be a part of the minstrel. Do something. Oh, church, hear this. Do something to bring the spirit of the Lord down. Amen. The prophet couldn't do himself. Listen. And the prophet in the pulpit, the ministry of the New Testament prophet in the pulpit can't do it all by himself. He had to have the minstal to help him. And when the prophet and the people got in harmony with God, then the prophet begin to see things. Now brother, if you don't see divine healing, you don't see the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you don't see this mighty move of God in the spirit in this last stage here, just get in the spirit one time and you'll see things. How many would like to see in our church? Amen. The moving of his spirit. Amen. How many would like to see more divine healing? Amen. More souls saved. Amen. the kingdom of hell shaken, the power and the name of Jesus Christ exalted. How many would like to see that? Amen. Then do something to bring the spirit of the Lord down. Hallelujah. Become part of the minstrel. Don't come with a criticizing spirit. Amen. Get in. Amen. Now, church is to be a place of worship. It's to be a place of prayer and praise and worship. Hello. I'm talking to you church mouths. It's to be a place of prayer, of praise and worship. Amen. Isaiah 56 and7, for my house shall be called a house of prayer for all people. You see, a place where worship flows upward and God's glory comes down. We got we've got to restore the original purpose, a people of praise, not performance. The house of God is not where you come to be entertained. Amen. Wow. The sermon was pretty good. That song was okay, you know, and and and we want to be entertained. It's not for your entertainment. Amen. The house of God is where you come to worship. You know, many songs that are sung today are not sung to worship. They're not sung to worship. You see a lot of the artists even in even in the what do you call it? southern gospel even in them, you know, they're glorifying the voice. They're glorifying, you know, hit this note and oh, you know, what a what a master. What a great You see, it's not a worship. And honestly, I've been to some of their concerts and honestly, I didn't go to worship. I went to be entertained because it was entertainment, clean, wholesome, but entertainment. But that is not a worship. You see, you see, we got to get back to the original purpose. Like, and like I said, many songs today that are being sung by these Christian artists. They they may have good lyrics, but the spirit they sing them in is wrong and often demonic. And when it's that way, it's mockery and it's sacriiggious and blasphemous. You know, Elvis, he was he could sing Amazing Grace really good with his melodious voice, but his spirit was wrong. You know, Ferlin Husky day debuted this song on the wings of a snow white dove uh on the grand old opri in the year 1960. It made the top of the pop charts as entertainment. But when it was sung by the prophet of God, when I sat there in that meeting and listened to him preach on the wings of a snow white dove and there hearing the song at the end of it sang by the prophet, it had a different anointing and it was in the spirit and it took a same song, same lyrics, but under a different anointing and it took on a new meeting and it became worship. Oh, the rock crowd loved it. The pop stars loved it. The the country and western, it made high on the charts. It was entertainment. But when it was taken by Redeemed Son and sung under the anointing of the spirit, it was no longer a pop song. Amen. It was worship. Amen. We must worship in spirit and in truth. So even though the lyrics may be scripturally right, it must be sung in the spirit to be acceptable before God and to and it must bring the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. Amen. You know, this is what we want to do. Yeah. We want the best musicians. I believe in you doing our best. Uh we we want the best vocalist. I believe in giving the Lord our best. Amen. But however, you know what's important that it brings the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. Did you see how the song service crescendo there at the end? What was coming down? It was bringing the glory of God down. It was preparing hearts for the word to go forth. So you know but what do we come to church for? We are here to worship. And praise is not optional. It is actually our access. Our access. Well the Bible said in Psalms 10 verse4 enter into his gates with thanksgiving into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. Amen. The gates of go the gates of God's dwelling, they open to thanksgiving. It's a key to open it up. Amen. The the courts, the inner sanctum, they are entered by praise. Amen. That's what we're coming to church for, to enter into his courts. Amen. God doesn't God doesn't allow just any old spirit into his courts. He's enthroned on praise. It's like it's the password. You don't just barge right in before the throne room before a king with your complaining lips and depressed attitude. Amen. You come with reverent joy. It's important how you approach the king. There's a proper protocol, proper behavior. Remember Nehemiah? He was all sad and burdened for his people. And you didn't dare show sadness and burden and all of that stuff before the king. But you know, he was so broken for his people. He couldn't help it. And so, you know, he he went there and of course the king asked him what the deal was and and he sent him there to restore Jerusalem. But here's here's the point. You don't approach the king with the wrong spirit and attitude. Amen. You see Isaiah 60 and verse 18 said, "Thou shalt call thy walls salvation and thy gates praise." Thy gates praise. So heaven's gates are gates of praise. When we praise, it opens heaven's gates and allows us into his presence. It gives a worshipper entrance and it brings heaven down. It opens up heaven to the believer. Amen. Now 1 Peter chapter 2 and verse 5. You also as lively stones, living stones are built up a spiritual house, a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices ex acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. What is this telling us, friends? You're not just saved to escape hell. That's right. Amen. We are saved to become a house of praise. Exactly. The church The church isn't made of brick and mortar or as in our case stuck and stone. The church is you and me. Filled with the spirit. Release and worship. That's right. Worship is our priestly duty. We don't wait for a feeling. That's right. Amen. We we're not waiting on an emotion. We respond to his faithfulness. It is our sacrifice. It's our offering to God that we are bringing. Amen. Well, I was waiting for a feeling. Don't wait for a feeling. You may never feel it. Amen. You say, "Well, then that's mechanical. It doesn't really matter." Amen. and you're given voice to to and witness to the Holy Spirit that is in you. Actually, praise is a weapon. It's a witness. Second Chronicles 20 shows us that when Judah went to war, the praisers went first. That's why we have the order we have in the songs. So, in the service, we we have prayer and then we have songs. What are we doing? And we're getting ready for the battle because when the word comes forth, it's going to duel the enemy and drive Satan out. Is that right? When Judah went to war, the praisers went first and the enemy would destroy themselves. Well, if we get to praising God in his church, Amen. Devils would start fighting one another and destroyed ourselves. We got Bible example of this. All right. All right. Psalms 149 6-9. I summarize it by saying this. Let the high praises of God be in their mouth and a two-edged sword in their hands. What? Praises of God and a two-edged sword. Your praise, your praise binds kings with chains. Amen. When the church praises, strongholds break, devils flee. Amen. Isn't that what the Bible says? Submit yourself to God. That's what we're doing when we're praising God. We're submitting ourselves. To do what? Serve us. To worship. We're a priest. The Bible said in the dedication of Solomon's temple in 2 Chronicles 5, came to pass as the trumpeters and his singers were as one. Watch now. that we're all as one. That was all as one. Oh, we, you know, you you have the musician, but you're the singers. And if we could all just be as one, then the house was filled with a cloud. And even the house of the Lord, the glory of the Lord had filled the house of God. What? When the church got in harmony. Amen. And when the musicians and the singers all got together and they all got in the spirit, the glory cloud came down in the house of God. If he did it once, it'll do it again. Amen. Oh yeah. When Paul and Silas praised in prison, the earth shook. Amen. Praise is a weapon. It shakes prisons. It opens doors. Amen. Can I get this to you this morning? Unified worship. Unified worship doesn't mean, you know, one is worshiping here and one's worshiping and you know, one's just back in the me. It means everybody. Everybody. You even ought to be teaching your children to worship. Amen. Sit up in church. Clap your hands. Raise and praise the Lord. pray when they're praying. Don't be out running around playing this and that. You ought to teach that. Train them up from the time they're young. I did with mine. My wife did with with ours. Amen. You see, unified worship is one mind and one accord releasing the glory of God. And it brings down the pillar of fire. You want the pillar of fire in the church? Amen. Well, I'll tell you what. in Acts chapter 4 after they had received the glorious event on the day of Pentecost. And the saints got threatened. Amen. Let me tell you, they didn't pray and praise less. No, no, no. They g they gave even more praise and they were filled with the spirit until it shook the house. Amen. Oh my. Couldn't we have don't we need some really house shaking services where let every service be a revival of worship where we are filled again with the spirit and let the sanctuary be filled not with spectators but with priests offering up sacrifices of praise. Amen. Oh, brother Tim, you got all this wrong. You know, uh, we're we're to offer up Jesus. He's our sacrifice. That's the sacrifice, Brother Tim. Yep. Jesus is our sacrifice. He is our lamb. He is all of that. You believe it? Amen. But the spiritual sacrifice is not offering up Jesus. And his surrendered life as a lamb. It's your surrendered life. Amen. That's what he wants you to give as a priest. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 2:9, you are a chosen generation, a royal, that's a kingly priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth what? The praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Amen. How many believes this light is marvelous? Amen. Then you should show forth the praises of him who have brought you out of darkness. How many was in darkness? He brought you out of darkness where into this marvelous light. You think when a somebody gets liberated out of prison, don't you know there's some shouting? Amen. You know when they had them and the terrorists had them down, the Hamas had Israelites up. Don't you know there was shouting when those Israelites were freed? If you have been set free, if you've been released from Satan's prison, there ought to be a shout. You shouting and the rest shouting because you're free. Under the new covenant, we are not called to offer lambs, bulls, and goats, but we're called to offer our lives, our lips, our love, our surrender. These are the spiritual sacrifices that ra rise up like incense before the throne and bring pleasure to the hearts of God. Did you notice in Revelation five the four and 20 elders which I've already told you represents the bride of the old and the new. Amen. The bride then is holding incense showing they are priest. Remember the king went to Aubre incense and leprosy which is a type of sin struck him. Amen. Because he was not qualified. Well, you have been called to offer incense. You're shown in the Bible of doing it. So when are you going to reflect your inheritance? Hallelujah. Amen. So again in Hebrews chapter 13:E1 15 by him therefore let us offer this sacrifice of praise to God continually that is the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. I want you to get this now notice. Let us offer the fruit of our lips. You see, praise is a sacrifice because sometimes it's not offered out of emotion, but out of obedience and faith. When you're when you're hurting, when you're tired, when you're confused or broken, and you still say, "Oh, God, you're worthy." That's a sacrifice raising up and rising up to heaven like a sweet incense under new covenant. As I said, we're we're not called to offer lambs and bulls, but our lives and give a sacrifice of praise. So he said, "Let us offer the sacrifice of praise continually to God." Now praise then is not based on feelings. It's based on truth. Is it true Jesus saved you? Do you always feel saved? No, you don't. Amen. There's days you don't feel like it. The devil beats you around the stump, Brother Brandham said, with your feelings. Amen. But if you know you've been redeemed, you can praise him not because you feel it, but because it's true. Hallelujah. Amen. And when you praise in your pain, it becomes pure fire before the throne. Paul and Silas sang in prison and chains broke. Not just for them, but for everybody around them. Oh, we need them kind of services. chain breaking services, chains of complexes and unbelief and doubt and fear and sin. Amen. The Bible of sin, chains of sin broke off where wounded hearts and wounded hands lift up and praise before God. And there they touch the heart of God like no other sacrifice can. There's something sacred. There's something heavenly about a praise that rises not from comfort but from conflict. Stop and think what I'm saying. You know, we only want to praise when we're comfortable. When everything's been going good and we feel like it. Amen. But you see, you see, there's something sacred though that and and it's heavenly about a praise that raises not from comfort but from conflict. There there's a praise that heaven cannot ignore. It's a it's the worship of the wounded. Amen. The the Bible said in Psalms 51:17, because I know you need a scripture for this, the sacrifices of God or a broken spirit, a broken and a contrite heart, oh God, thou wilt not despise. You see, when wounded hands are lifted, hands that have been carried through betrayal, through loss, through grief, through rejection, through heartbreak, they carry something weighty in the courts of heaven. Amen. Why? Because that praise ain't cheap. It cost something. [Applause] Hallelujah. You remember the woman who wanted to wash Jesus' feet? She wasn't wanting cheap perfume. I want the best Alabaster box you got. Hallelujah. And out of her hurting and out of her pain and out of her past, she offered praise. She wasn't looking about her worthiness, but his worthiness. She wasn't concerned about how she felt and how conspicuous she was and what everybody else thought about her and how she shouldn't be there. She wasn't worried about that. She wanted one thing. I got to get to Jesus and wash the dirt off his feet. Oh, that there would be a people today that wouldn't be so concerned about theirelves, about my past and how unworthy I am and all of this and would get one focus on one thing about the worthy one, the worthy lamb that's in our midst. And they would bring their alabaster box You see, praise from wounded hands is praise that costs something. In the Bible, Abraham wouldn't take a burial place for Sarah. They tried to give it to him. They wouldn't He wouldn't take something that cost him nothing. I'm laying something valuable here. Sarah, this is my wife. When he he didn't quibble over the price, and it was an exorbitant price. Jesus wouldn't take a kingdom without a cross. Come on. David bought on stretch and floor and refused to offer sacrifice. He said, "I will not offer a sacrifice that costs me nothing." Wounded praise is costly praise. What do I mean? Anyone can praise God when the bills are paid, when the body is healed, when the doors are all open for you. Amen. But when the storm is raging and you still scream out, "Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that's in me, bless your holy name." That is real gold in the fire. That is sweet savor rising up from the altar of a heart that is burning even when it's bleeding. Sacrifice implies pain. It implies surrender. It implies something laid down that is valuable to the giver. So when you praise when you're bleeding, when you lift up scarred hands trembling with pain but still lifted toward heaven, that's a sacrifice that angels cannot refuse. or they can't offer and God can't refuse. Amen. Come on. Amen. They have never been redeemed. Only the redeemed, only the wounded worshipper can give God that kind of an offering. I remember the girl at youth camp, Sister Deborah, who was so scarred from her past, had scars where she slid her wrist because of selfhate. time after time want to destroy her own life. Sin does some awful things to people. It wounds the heart. It destroys the life and it wrecked this young girl's heart. But God in his mercy and grace had redeemed her and set her free from her past. And she was a slave no longer. But she still had the scars and she was ashamed. and sitting in youth camp one service. I think by now she's a married woman and anyway she whatever she was sitting in the service and she was thinking oh I I'd love just to be able to raise my hands to God and just give him praise in the congregation but I can't look at all these scars. Everybody would see my scars. They would see the the marks of my past. And she began to think though of how great he was and how wonderful he was and how worthy of worship he was. And in spite of her of her intimidation and her feelings, she lifted those wounded hands to God and began to praise him. And when she did, the scars, every one of them disappeared, vanish forever, gone. steps away and get rid of your scars. Surrender your life to Christ. Praise him with all your heart. Your scars will fade away. Only redeemed, only wounded worshippers can give God that kind of an offering. The great high priest himself was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. Even in Gethsemane, when sweat turned to blood, he said, "Not my will, but thine be done." Even wounded, he obeyed. Even broken, he praised. So even now, oh God, even now we lift up our wounds to God and it touches his heart because it mirrors the work that he did when he was here in the flesh. I want to say to you today, your scars do not disqualify you. Amen. But when you raise your hands to God, those wounded hands, they identify you as a worshshiper. Amen. Amen. They say, "I have been through the fire, but I'm still worshiping. I've had all kinds of pain, of rejection, of sin, of past. Amen. I've had loss. I've had everything, but I'm still worshiping." Hallelujah. You can't take my praise. Amen. You can't take my praise. Devil, you can do everything to me, but you can't take my praise. I'm still worshiping. And when you lift up broken hands, it's a declar declaration. Though he slay me, yet I will trust him. It declares that your faith is not for sale and your worship is not conditional and your praise is not dependent on your feelings. It's the voice of those three Hebrew children in the fire saying, "Our God is able to deliver us, but even if he doesn't, we will not bow." Oh, I wonder how many worshippers are in this building this morning that can say that. Amen. No matter what you do to me, Satan, no matter what kind of fiery furnace you put me through, I will not bend. I will not bow. I will worship only the Lord God Jehovah. I tell you that kind of praise is dangerous to the enemy, but it's precious to God. That kind of praise gets heaven to move. And God actually dwells in that kind of praise. And here's what's so wonderful. Wounded hands lifted up become healed hands. Not always because the circumstances changes, but because some something divine is exchanged when you worshiped. What do you mean, brother Tim? Well, Isaiah said there would be an exchange. Ver chapter 61, he said he'll give beauty for your ashes. He'll give you the oil of joy from mourning. He'll give you the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Hallelujah. Your wounds may still show, but now they'll carry glory. Now your hands are not just raised, they're redeemed. Your scars are not just reminders of your pain, they're testimonies of triumph. So I say to you this morning, lift up those feeble hands that hang down. Come on. Amen. Let the lame say, Amen. Let the weak say I am strong. Amen. Well, lift up those holy hands. The physical act of raising hands and prayers, it symbolizes reverence and devotion and surrender to God's will. That's what we're saying when we raise our hand. I surrender to your will. I give devotion to God. Amen. I reverence unto my God. Paul said that men should pray everywhere lifting up holy hands without anger or disputing. So what do we do? We lift them up when our tears are falling. That's right. We lift them up in the dark times pushing back their depression. When Moses lifted up his hands, Amen. Israel prevailed against their enemies. So I say lift him up. And when the enemy says there's no reason to worship, lift them up anyway because wounded hands rise in praise, confessing promises and expressing faith that moves the heart of God. It touches the high priest. It says, "That's the one I died for. That's the fragrance I've been longing for. That's the worship that will shake the shake hell." Amen. And bring heaven down. Amen. So, I'm going to tell you this morning, don't let the devil silence your praise. Come on. Brother Brandham told us it's the devil. Come on. When Dolores told him that, his sister don't. He said it's the devil. He said Satan would take you tell you that until he takes you to hell. It's the devil. So, don't silence your praise. Amen. release it because no sacrifice touches God like the one you give through your pain. The Bible said in Revelation chapter 5 that we read that they that they held golden vials full of incense which are the prayers of the saints. Your prayers that are offered in faith are like incense. They're welcome before God. Let me tell you, every groan, every tear, every intercession is not lost. It's a sacrifice. Your prayers are not forgotten. Come on. Amen. If God can't get to him right now, and sometimes he can't, they're not forgotten. They're stored up. Amen. You remember when the seventh seal was open and there was there a you know a a bowl a vial with incense in it which were the prayers of the saints and when the silence was broken announcing the coming of the Lord. Come on. Opening up the seven seals starting the process of the end time redemption. Somebody with me. What happened? The prayers were poured out and ascended before God. Amen. As I've said over and again, what prayers? What prayers have been held up? What prayers through the ages? I'll tell you when little brothers and sisters sat there. Oh yeah. And there the great and her daughters would persecute the elect of God. Put them on ice until they would freeze there. and and standing naked out there to hours till they till they expired or hung on a cross or burnt there or women their hair dipped in tar and burned or their breast cut off or babies cut out of the womb. Horrible, horrible things. And as they were, no doubt the curses were spoke out against the Antichrist system and even they were held. God couldn't judge the then. He couldn't say, "Listen, listen. There's a word that that protects her. She's going to be in the tribulation." So, you can't speak her out of existence now. Come on. Amen. You can't speak her out of existence, but one day she'll be out of existence. Because those words, they're powerful words and they were stirred up and put in vials. Amen. But in the during the marriage supper of the lamb, one of the seven angels, which are men, will get up from the table and pour out those vials upon the earth. Amen. And there's going to be shout in heaven. And the saints around the table are going to praise God and glorify him because he had judged the great He had judged the antichrist. He has judged the false prophet. But there are prayers that are held up and they are there and been before the throne waiting for this hour. But friends, what prayers was it? Even the last prayer in the Bible. Even so, come Lord Jesus. And that prayer is still just as vibrant and powerful and fragrant even to this day. But he could not fulfill it then or you wouldn't have been in the picture. Come on. If he'd have called in the first days when John called that, you wouldn't have been here. But oh, he had to wait until the last name was manifest in the book. And it was the age for the book to be open and the word to be revealed. Are you with me? And it's there. Then the prayers of the saints get poured out and it initiates the coming of the Lord breaking the cycle bringing Christ in word form to a prophet and then that word taking on form and a bride and that bride united with Christ and go to the marriage of the supper of the lamb. Hallelujah. Every prayer, every prayer, every tear, your prayers are not forgotten. Amen. Psalms 56 says, "Every tear you cry is collected in a bottle. Not one is lost. Not one is shed in vain. Those prayers, those those tears you cried over over a dead loved one. that that that Satan would would through death would so crush it and and bring down to the earth and you wept and you cried over it. It wasn't in vain. Amen. It's stored in a battle. But one day those tears will be remembered and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And we which are alive and remain will not prevent those that are asleep. Oh, but they'll join the living and we will be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Hallelujah. Right now, oh, thank God. Your prayers mean something to God. Your tears mean something to God. And you're a priest that are interceding between life and death. Your prayer cl closet is your altar. And every cry is of sacrifice. You're a living sacrifice, not a dead one, a living one. Your whole life is on the altar. Amen. Romans 12:1 said, "Present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." Did you notice he didn't say lay a lamb on the altar? He didn't say even lay Christ on the altar. Amen. But we lay ourselves on the altar. Remember, you know, yes, we accept his work in his atonement on the cross. We accept what he did and the sacrifice for our life. Truly, he is our sacrifice. Amen. But once we receive that, what were we told? Take up your cross. Become a sacrifice too. take up your cross. So we don't lay lambs on the altar. We lay ourselves on the altar. You see, that's what happens so many times with sinners. They want to live the same kind of life and be forgiven. You can't do that. You have to come and lay yourself on the altar with Christ, your sacrifice. and you also die on the altar with him so you can raise with him in a new life. You see, we don't lay lambs on the altar. We lay ourselves. We lay our time. We lay our choices. We lay our lifestyle. God doesn't want dead offerings. He wants a living surrender. Come on now. Amen. that the no longer is he accepting dead sacrifices. He wants a living sacrifice, a living surrender. A living sacrifice means everything I do is for his glory. A living sacrifice means it is not just on Sunday a Sunday offering, but it's a daily obedience. is not a one-time emotion, but it's our thoughts, our choices, our bodies, our desires must be placed on the altar. And Paul said, "I die daily. I do this daily." Amen. Amen. Oh yes. Listen, even holiness, we preach holiness. We preach that women shouldn't cut their hair, that they shouldn't look like Jezebels and paint their face. We we we we preach holiness and dress. We preach holiness in men. We don't believe they should smoke and drink and lie and corral and and go from bar hopping from place to place. Amen. We believe in holiness. Amen. Only holiness shall see the Lord. Holiness is a sacrifice. It's a beautiful sacrifice. Why do we dress the way we do? It's a sacrifice. Why don't our women wear cosmetics and look like the world? because it's a sacrifice to him. When we look for his approval instead of the world's approval, the world is always saying, "Put this on. You'll look better. You'll look 10 years younger. You'll do this." But listen, you have a holy man's taste. You have a holy woman's dress. You look like a Christian. You begin to act and and reflect the place where you come from because your citizenship is of heaven. You look for his approval rather than the world's. Amen. Let's just talk about these sacrifices. We got just a little more time. Amen. But listen, Hebrews chapter 13 verse 16. But to do good and communicate, that means share. Forget not. For with such sacrifices God is well pleased. Sharing with one another, communicating. Do you realize fellowship is important? It's even a sacrifice. And the Bible said is a sacrifice well pleased. When you give to others, when you love the unlovable, when you forgive the undeserving, that's all a spiritual sacrifice. When you did you know when you tithe, brother Brandham said taking up an offering is a part of worship. You know where he got that from? He gets that from Philippians 4:18. He said I'm full having received the things which were sent from you. He said it's an odor of sweet smell as sacrifice acceptable well pleasing to God. Amen. What? When you gave your tithe and your offering, he called the given of the saints a sacrifice. It wasn't just charity. It was worship. Worship is surrendering to God's will. Jesus said surrendered, saying, "Let my will, thine be done." Every time you die to your will, when you submit to his, that's a holy sacrifice. is not always visible, but it's a powerful powerful sacrifice. Not my will, thine be done. That's where the deepest sacrifices happen. When the flesh dies and God still lives. Amen. Amen. You know, so many the flesh is still living and God is dead to them. But Jesus, we remember, he offered the most the greatest spiritual sacrifice in Gethsemane before he ever went to Goltha. All these sacrifices, they flow from the life of one who's who've been filled with the Holy Ghost. We're not just church members. We are priests in a spiritual house. We are offering sacrifices not on a stone altar but from a burning heart. I wonder today if we could just kind of look again at our worship and just say, "Oh God, would our worship be acceptable in your sight?" Would it be that like his cane, you know, his offering was rejected? You know, it was it was not accepted. And Abel's by revelation, his was accepted because he he he recognized he could see by revelation what it took to remit sin. Are you with me, church? His offering was accepted. Oh, I wonder today how many across the world, how many across the nation, how many and that many churches are offering today Cain's offering that is not accepted before God, fruits of the hands of their labor, of their works instead of the sacrifice well pleasing to God. I wonder if we can reconsider the way we worship, the way we come to church, the way we behave in church and get some real church order about us. Amen. The order of the Holy Spirit where you enter into his courts with praise. Where you lift up holy hands without fear or failure. Amen. Where where the weak can say, "I am strong." where the lame can put aside his lameness and walk straight. Amen. Where the crippled, I don't care if you're crippled because of complexes in your mind or because of your past where the crippled can be healed. Amen. There is healing in the house, but praise brings it down. I wonder is it not time that the church returns in a revival of restoration of praise unto God and we praise his holy name. I wonder if we could mirror this morning the praise of the prophet of God. Amen. Who went through and spoke of all of those things showing you how as a musicians come and you stand. Oh, I want you today, lift up holy hands to him. Hallelujah. Amen. Not a timid voice. Amen. Oh, but sound out a praise to him. Not out of because you feel like it. But because you are a priest. Hallelujah. Because as a king, he has given me dominion over sin. He has given me dominion over unrighteousness. Amen. You can look at and say, "He gave me dominion over pornography, over fornication, over the wrong thoughts. He's given me dominion over all sin, all wickedness. He has empowered me as a king. Amen. He's my king this morning. He's king of kings and he's lord of lords. He is alpha and he's omega. He's the beginning. He's the end. He's the root and he's the offspring. He's the bright and he's the morning star. and he deserves our praise. And if we're going to be worshiping there in heaven, we might as well worship him now on the earth. Hallelujah. Praise him from the depths of your heart. Praise him with everything that's within you. Let everything that breathes breath praise ye the Lord. Praise him. Praise him. Hallelujah. Don't stop now. Amen. Don't stop now. Amen. Is he worthy? Amen. Can you get a look at him? The one who took your punishment. Can you get a look at him? The one who healed your wound. Amen. Can you get a look at him? The one who healed all your diseases. Amen. Can you bring heaven down into this church this morning? Amen. Can you bring down the gates of hell where the gates of hell will not stand against a people who praise his name? Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Forget not all of his benefit. He heals all diseases. Amen. He restores the youth like the eagle. Hallelujah. This is a restoring God. It's a restoring time. It's time for revival in your heart. Amen. Call upon his name and he will give you the desires of your heart. God bless you. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see what the Lord has done for me. Let the weak Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done me. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb thou was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and roan. Hosana. [Music] Hosanana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana hosana Jesus and into the river I will wait. To the river I will wait. Bear my sins are washed away from the heavens. Mercy strange of the saint's love for me. Hosana hosana to the lamb. Oh that was slain. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. And I will rise from waters deep into the saving arms of God. And I will sing salvation song. Jesus Christ has set me free. [Music] Hosanana to the lamb [Music] was hosana. Jesus died. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. To the lamb that was slain. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Sing that last verse again. Vise again. And I will rise from waters deep to the saving arms of God. I will sing salvation song. Jesus Christ has made me free. [Music] Ohana to the lamb that was slain. Hosanana Hosanana [Music] Hosanana the lamb that was slain. [Music] Hosana Jesus died and rose again. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh [Music] Lord, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh Lord, how I need thee. How I need thee. Oh, how I need thee. How I need thee. Oh Lord. Oh thee. Oh how thee. How I need thee. [Music] Oh, how I love you, [Music] Lord. Oh, how I love you. Oh, how I love you. How I love you. Oh Lord. Oh how I how I love you. Oh how love [Music] you. I love you. Oh Lord. I exalt thee. I exalt. Oh, I exalt thee. I praise. I exalt [Music] thee. Oh yes Jesus, high exalt. Oh yes Jesus, I exalt thee. I will [Music] praise. I exalt [Music] thee. Oh Lord, I exalt thee. I exalt. Oh yes, I do Jesus. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh, take these hands all your benefits and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Take my voice. Oh, take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love. Cover me. all the world and see that I am nothing without you and take my body here. Build it up. may be broken as an offering of love. Oh, for I am nothing. Yes, I am nothing. Oh, without you. Oh my soul and all my [Music] soul. Yes, Lord. is all your love. All your love to cover me. People all the world will see I am nothing without you and take my time here on this earth and let it glorify All that you are worth for I am nothing. I am nothing. Oh, without me. Oh, and all my soul need is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without all my [Music] soul and all my [Music] soul is all you know to Cover me. [Music] Hallelujah. What a wonderful God we serve. Praise the name of the Lord. I we we've been having prayer for Sister Lorie Snow. Just getting an update on her. She's breathing on her own. They've taken the tube out. They'll be getting her up out of bed this afternoon to try to get her sit in the chair. Amen. Just wanting to avoid pneumonia. Well, I believe the God who started the work can finish the work. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. God will spare life for family. Amen. What a mighty God. What a wonderful savior. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything. Amen. He came to live live a perfect life. He came to be the living word, our life. He came to die so we'd be reconciled. He came to rise to show his power and might. Oh, that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our bow down and worship this king. For he gave his everything. Yes, he gave his everything. He came to live, live again in us, our conquering king and friend. He came to heal and show the lost ones his love. He came to go prepare a place. Oh, and that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our thing. That's why we bow down. Worship this king. For he gave his everything. Yes, he gave his name. Oh, that's why. Oh, and that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him. Oh, our everything. That's why we're glad that we worship this king. For he gave his air within. Yes, he gave. Sing that last verse again. Within. He came to live again in us. He came to be our concrete king and friend. He came to heal to show the lost ones his love. He came to go prepare a place. Oh, and that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down and worship this king. For he gave his everything. Yes, he gave his [Music] everything. Amen. God bless you this morning. Don't forget if you're in this skit, please hang around for a short meeting. Amen. If you don't have a ride to camp, try to see Brother Daryl or myself. Amen. We try to make those arrangements for you. God bless you. Amen. Let's just go singing this again. That's why we praise him. Oh, that's why we praise him.
