################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - Power Restored To The Church, Part 2 Forget Not All His Benefits - Bro. Joe Adams on May 21, 2025 - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   Power Restored To The Church, Part 2: Forget Not All His Benefits - Bro. Joe Adams on May 21, 2025
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xxwb7hN7pQ
========================================

[Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm always glad to be in the house of the Lord to worship you. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I sing my praise and praise him. Praise him morning. Praise him all day long. I feel praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel I praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like I praise him. Praise him. Let's all praise the Lord. And let's all praise the Lord. Oh, while we have this chance, let's all praise the Lord. While we have this chance. Oh, praise him in the Lord. Praise him all day long. I feel like a praise. Praise him. Oh, I feel like praising. I feel like praising him. Oh, praising him. I feel like praising him. Praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praises. If you don't praise the Lord, if you don't praise the Lord, oh, it won't hinder me. If you don't praise the Lord, won't hinder me. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising. I feel like loving. I feel like loving. Oh, loving him. I feel like loving loving him. hold on him in the morning. Love him all day long. I feel like loving loving him. One more time. I feel like praising him. I feel like praising. I'm going to praise him. I feel like praising. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Glory hallelujah. Oh, I'm so I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad at Jesus. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "Oh, Satan, Satan have bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had bound. My Jesus set me free." Oh, my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah, Lord. I'm on my way. On my way. Shout. Oh yes Lord. Sing glory hallelu Jesus. Oh, I'm so I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. and Lord God Almighty. You are clothed with [Music] mesty. The heavens declare your wonderers. You are great and to wonder for you alone our God. There is no there is no one else like you. Oh, let the nations Oh, let the nations declare that you have done great things. Oh, how mighty you are. Holy you are. Mercy endureth [Music] forever more and righteous you are the great you are. Glorious my God my king and Lord God almighty. You are clotheing [Music] majesty. The heavens declare all your mighty wonders. You are great and marvelous things. You alone are God. Oh, and there is no one else like you. Oh, let the nations declare that you you have done great things and mighty God. Holy are righteous. Oh yes Lord. Oh, rightous you are and grateful and [Music] worthy. My God, I mighty. Yes, you are Lord. You are holy. Oh, and righteous you are. Great you are. Oh, glory to God. Oh, let's just sing it to him tonight. Oh, mighty and mighty you are. Oh, yes. Holy you are. Mercy endeth forever more. [Music] Great. My God, my king. Hallelujah. Has he done great things? Is he a mighty God worthy to be praised? Let's stand together tonight as we take needs to the Lord. If you have a need tonight, you want to make it known to him and just ask the Lord to come by and just lift your hand to him. Say, "Father, come by my way and speak to my heart and touch my life." Amen. I don't see any written prayer requests here, but Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer, asking God to come down and meet us tonight. Father, we're so thankful, Lord, to come together again, Lord, as your word says to do and come together and gather in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, at the mention of that name, every demon has to flee. Lord, I don't know the needs that's here tonight, the situation, sicknesses, doctor's decrees, whatever. Lord, but Lord, there's nothing that can stand in face of the name Jesus. Lord, we call upon the name Jesus tonight and we ask, Father, you'll come and meet needs and touch hearts. Seen every hand that were lifted, you know, the need represented behind that hand. Lord, we don't do it out of a formality or a tradition, Lord. But we do it because we have needs and we lift that hand to say, "Lord, I have a need." And I I ask you to come by and minister and touch and speak, Father. Lord, you touch. We ask, Father, we invite you tonight, Lord, in this place, Lord. If there be any visitors among us, may they feel your presence, Lord, as we worship you in spirit and truth and and the spirit of God just come down and reign among us. I pray, bless the offering, bless each part of the service, every song. Bless brother Joe as he ministers tonight. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want you just turn around, shake one's hand, welcome each other to the house of the Lord. And if you have a visitor next to you, be sure and make them welcome. Amen. We're glad to be together. We um been out for a few services, but sure glad to be home. Just like to say the Lord Lord did some wonderful things. And brother Ron Spencer's there a couple weekends ago. And then last weekend, Brother Tom Berser just had a wonderful time there with brother Andrew Spencer ministering along beside him. If you don't know, he'll be here this weekend. This Sunday, Brother Andrew will be ministering for us. Amen. We have um uh be having a crawfish bowl on Saturday. What is that? Starting at 11:00, I think. 11 o'clock. And so if you haven't seen that, you're welcome to come here. That's for our church. And so, Amen. and we're just looking for a time of fellowship and to be together and it's wonder going to be a wonderful time. Amen. Ask the brothers they would to take up the offer and just give us unto the Lord. Amen. Oh my my my what a joy to serve my Jesus. Oh that I could explain the way I rejoicing in joy. It's amazing. I praise God I know. Oh my my my wish. My my my what a joy. Oh that I could explain the way I feel rejoicing in sweet joy. Well it's amazing but praise God I know it's real. When I received salvation, I felt such jubilation. When Jesus came and he washed my sins away. Oh, now it gives me strength and power to face my midnight. I work with all my heart. And soul I now can sing. Oh my my my what a joy. Oh that I couldn't explain the way I feel. Rejoicing in unspeakable joy. Well it's amazing. But praise God I know it's rare. Now Jesus is my savior who gives me love and favor. He's my redeemer, master, lord, and king. Now here I'll tell the story and I give him all the glory. He brought me out and he gave me a song to sing. Oh my my my what a joy. Oh, that I could explain the way I feel. Rejoicing in unspeakable joy. Well, it's amazing. But praise God. Oh my my [Music] my joy. Oh, that I can explain the way I feel. It's amazing. But praise God. Oh, one more time. Oh, my my my what a joy. Oh, that I could explain the way I feel. Full of glory. Oh, praise God. Well, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost fire. Amen, Sister Jesse. Oh, Jesus is keeping me alive. And it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's all over me. It's all over me and it's keeping me alive. keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is all over me and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. [Music] Who am I that the highest king would come? I was lost but he brought me in. Oh, his love for me. Oh, his love for me who the sun sets free. Oh is free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I [Music] am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am free at last. He has ransomed me. His grace runs deep. While I was a slave to sin, Jesus died for me. Oh, he died for me. Who thy son set free always is free and me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. I am chosen, not forsen. I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. I am chosen, not forsen. I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. Who th the son set free. Oh, he's free indeed. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I [Applause] am. In my father's house, there's a place just for me. I'm a child of God. Oh yes, I am. [Applause] Hallelujah. I am who I am because I am said who I am. How many can believe that tonight? You are what he says you are. Amen. We cry out your name. and father of life seated on your throne of grave. It's only by your mercy we are thank and Lord we have said if we call we call upon your name we and our families will be so we cry Count your [Music] name. Oh Lord, most high. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh, and we rely on your grace at a night. Oh, crowned in praise. Oh Lord, most high Jesus Christ. Father of love, never failing to give. Each moment is a gift from you today. And we're only here to tell the world about your praise until the day take us all away. We will ride out your name. No else should die. God of grace. Oh Lord, oh [Music] high. Oh Jesus Christ. Slow and we lie on your grace. I had a life crown in praise. Oh Lord, most high Jesus Christ, you're worthy of it all. Oh yes, you're worthy of it all. Let's stand together tonight. Oh yes, Lord. For from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. Hallelu. You're worthy of it [Music] all. Oh yes you are, Lord. You're worthy of it all. Oh. Oh. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve. Amen. I'mma believe he deserves the glory tonight. Oh yes. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. I want to give it all to you, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve all the glory and the honor and the praise. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory, Father. Truly, tonight, Lord. Lord, you deserve all the honor, the glory by which we as humans can offer up to you, Father. Lord, we know that you inhabit the praise of your people, Lord. And Father, on a Wednesday night, Lord, we just want to take time out of our busy lives, our schedules, Lord, the chaos of the environment in which we're living in, Lord, work and whatever it may be, Lord, to come and offer you a sacrifice of praise, Lord, to set the cares of life aside for a little while this evening and invite the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords into our presence, into our midst. Lord, we just want to wash your feet for a little bit tonight and make you welcome, Lord, and entertain Jesus. So, Father, you're worthy. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of every amen that we can muster up, Lord. You're worthy of every hallelujah we can say, God. You're you're worthy of every note, every praise, every adoration. God, truly, we're here because of you, Lord, tonight. And Lord, we just want to offer back a sacrifice of praise to you. You're worthy of it all, Lord. Worthy of it all. Receive our worship tonight, Lord. I pray that you would anoint the ears of the hearer, the the lips to speak only that which you have given us to speak, Lord, on your behalf tonight, God. May it find a resting place. May the May the word find its mark, Lord. Lord, as we have set time aside and studied and made preparation for tonight, now God, we know it'd be all in vain unless you come take this word and break the bread of life to us. So, we just give it to you tonight, Lord, for your honor and for your glory. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we're going to look here in Acts 3 and verse one. Acts 3 and verse one. See, we have brother Joe Green and Sister Stephanie with us tonight. Thank. God bless you. Good to see you here. Amen. I think I have a coworker here somewhere. I'm not seeing her somewhere around here. Where? I need my glasses on. There she is. Britney and Dustin. Nice to have y'all with us tonight. Trust that you'll be blessed tonight. If we look here, we want to look and we want to pick back up on where we spoke last time. Powered restored to the church. And I want to give a subtitle tonight. And I kind of wrestled over this to the last day and night. forget not all his benefits. So with that title there, you can kind of see pretty much where we're headed. Forget not all, not just some, not just the ones that have been made revealed to us. But the Bible says, "Forget not all of his benefits." And we pick up here in Acts three. It says, "Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour, and a certain man laying from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple, which is called beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple, who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple, asked of alms." And Peter fastening his eyes on him with John, said, "Look on us." And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them. And Peter Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I had give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ, rise up and walk." And he took him by the right hand and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and his ankle bones receive strength. And he leaping up stood and walked and entered in with them into the temple, walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people saw him walking and praising God. And they knew that it was he which sat for arms at the beautiful gate of the temple. And they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. You know, there's things that God does many times that we don't understand. There's things that God does that maybe we can't even explain. That's right. Things that we go through in life that we question. We may ponder and we find here this man he was lame from his mother's womb 40 years the Bible tells us per se somewhere around there that he was born this way and no doubt when he came across Peter and John and they said silver and gold have I none but such as I have give I thee no doubt he may have said well what do you got and Peter response to him was I got faith you know Peter wasn't that many days from the day of Pentecost he had just been endued with power and we find here that Peter could tell this man that you know all that Jesus had heard all that Jesus had told me I'd fish with him I walked with him he told me that the things that he did that when he's gone that I'll do the same things in his absence and you know what Peter may have pondered those things and scratched his head and maybe he didn't completely understand what Jesus meant by those words but he you know but he knew one thing about it when he left the day of Pentecost he knew that I got it you know There's things that we go through in life. There's messages that you may hear and you you may not fully understand at that time of your life. But the one thing you got to be rest assured on is tonight as I got it. And we find there's things that God does. There's things that we can't explain. But nevertheless, what God does, God does it perfectly the first time. We understand that God doesn't make mistakes. That his his ways are perfect. His timing is perfect. His word is perfect. Therefore, his outcomes must be perfect. So you may not be able to understand it. You may not be able to explain it. You may be able to not be able to stack the quotes or stack the scriptures. But the thing you must say is, "I got it." So we find there was a man in history, many of you familiar with this man. He goes by the name of Benjamin Franklin. If you never heard of him, you've never done American history. But Benjamin Franklin would look up into the skies at night during a thunderstorm and he would see the cracking of lightning and the thunder and the popping and there would be light up there and no doubt something in his mind cuz he was intrigued by by the power that was in the sky. And notice what he did. He tied the key to a kite and he caught electricity. He said there was a power up there and if I can harness that power I can bring it down here. And notice when he got it, he he screamed out, "I got it. I got it." But Benjamin Franklin didn't understand really what he had. He didn't really understand the gravity about what he just harnessed in a little bottle by a kite and a key. But there was another man that came along. There you go. A man by the name of Thomas Edison. Many of you may have heard of Thomas Edison in our history books. Thomas Edison, he was a very, you know, he was a what you call it? I can can't think of the name of it was yeah an inventor creator you know he his mind constantly just thought about things and you know he looked at Benjamin Franklin here and he said if Benjamin Franklin says I got it then he knowed he said if I got it then it's got benefits to go with it. So he know in his mind he wanted to create a light bulb. He he wanted to harness that power that light that was in the skies and bring it down to the common man bring it down into the household. And notice his brain kept working and working and working. He didn't just want the power. He wanted the benefits of the power. And let me tell you, sons and daughters of God, tonight, I don't just want the Holy Ghost. I don't just want the word. I want the power that goes with it. I want everything that's in store with it tonight. Don't just scream out, "I got it. I got it. I got it." And that settles it. I got it plus more. I got it plus the power. I got it plus the rewards. I got it. Plus the benefits. I want the benefits of being a son of God. I want the benefits of being a child of God. Notice he got it. But he says, "If I got it, then it's got benefits." The Bible would tell us, and this is where we're drawing our subtitle tonight, Psalms 103:2, it says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his benefits. Forget not all of his benefits." There's times we're going through a valley, times we're going through a trial, times that maybe the benefits of being a Christian, benefits of being a child of God are not readily available in your mind. But the Bible points us back. Forget not all of his benefits. Then he begins to outline several of these benefits. Who forgiveth all thy iniquities. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Come on, church. Notice who healeth all thy diseases. And the church should be able to rejoice on that there alone. Who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. Who satisfy thy mouth with good things. So that thy youth is renewed like eagles. I tell you what, the older I get, the more I want to be renewed like an eagle. Man, I'm ready for a body change. I'm expecting it. the Lord. Notice in verse 6, the Lord execututeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed. And then Psalm 68 and verse 19, blessed be the Lord who daily, Come on, let's Psalm 68:19. Blessed be the Lord who daily for the Lord hadn't done nothing for me. Daily loadeth us with benefits. So, there's benefits to being a Christian. There's benefits to being a believer. There's benefits of the restored power back in the body. There's benefits, church. Right now, you may have not tapped into them, but there are benefits to being a child of God. There's benefits to being a son of God. And I want all that he has for me. In Psalms 42 and verse 7, the Bible says, "There's a deep calleth unto the deep at the noise of thy water spouts. All thy ways and thy billows are gone over me. But there's a deep calling out. And that's why you're even here tonight. There was a deep calling out. You may question, you may ponder, well, what what brought me to church on a Wednesday night? Because there's a deep calling out. And we find that Thomas set us in no doubt. He worked tireless nights, tried 10,000 of wires and he would try one wire and it wouldn't work. And he had just cast it aside. And you know, he didn't get discouraged. Was he defeated? No, he was never defeated. Why? Because there was something on the inside of Thomas Ed and Edison that said that will light church. There's something inside a bornagain believer that says this life is not the only life that we live. There's something on the inside of us calling out for a rapture of the body. There's something calling out for a body change. When sickness overwhelms you, there's something calling out this ain't the final say. This ain't the final result. God has more in his word for me than this. There are benefits to serving God. And there's a deed calling out for healing. There's a deed calling out for deliverance. There's a deed calling out for your sons and your daughters. There's a deed calling out. And there was a deed calling out for electricity. Notice God was about to revolutionize the world with electricity. Something that was harnessed from the sky. What was God doing in this hour, in this age? He was about to revolutionize the church with a power that we hadn't seen since the day of Pentecost. And can I tell you there's benefits to tapping into that power? Oh, they want to claim it may be emotional. I don't doubt that it it causes some emotion, but that's okay. Don't be ashamed of the emotion. That's just a power at work. That's just, let me tell you, if you got a hold of us some raw electricity back here, we have some plugs back here. You don't see nothing going through them. There's nothing plugged into them. You don't see the electricity. You don't feel the electricity. But let me ask you, you if I gave you a fork in in your hand and I said, "Go stick it into that plug." You would feel the power of that plug. Though you can't see it, though you can't explain it, but I tell you, let it get a hold of you one time. And that's what I'm telling you. You get the Holy Ghost get a hold of you one time. The power that's been restored back to the church and you will know that something had got your attention. But there's benefits. There's benefits to having these plugs. There's benefits to having electricity and there's benefits to the Holy Spirit. There's benefits of being a child of God. So there's something on the inside of a born again believer that cries out for a body change. Well, if this is all that we have to look forward to in this world, we're people most miserable. No, but there's something crying out. Even when I was out in the world, there was something crying out, I need to live right. I want to live better than way I'm living. Yeah, even as a ranked sinner out on a drunk or whatever it may may have been that I'd done before I went to bed that night, I'd prayed and I'd ask God to forgive me only to repeat the cycle. Well, you say, "Brother Joe, you shouldn't have done that." You're right. I shouldn't have. But there was a deep longing to be set free from that life. I didn't understand how to fulfill it. I didn't understand how to quench that thirst. But God in his time, God in his season brought the word and my path and my myself, our past cross. And the power that went out before the foundation of the world that said, "Let us make man in our image." That power caught a hold of a son of God. And it changed his life. And I'm here to tell you tonight, you may be drifting on like Solom, but there's a power going out. There's a word that's been spoken and letting it just cross your path one time. Wonderful. Corey Tinboom would tell us because she was a marvelous quoter, a woman who had really lived a Christian life. She said, "If you look at the world, you'll be distressed." And even said, "Amen to that." If you look within, you'll be depressed. Oh yeah. Praise God. We got one. You look at yourself, all your mistakes, all your failures, all your shortcoming. Man, you'll get depressed. How am I ever going to make it? But if you look to God, you'll be at rest. So, I believe it's a great reminder. We started this year off with looking unto Jesus. Being reminded to take your eyes off the world. Take your eyes off your symptoms. Take your eyes off yourself and put your eyes back on Jesus. The Bible says, "Look to Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith." See, in the Old Testament when they were bit in the desert there, they had to look to a brazen serpent and they were healed. That brazen serpent represented sin already judged. But in the New Testament, now the antitype became the type. And not only we're look to the serpent, but we're now we're look to Jesus Christ, the redeemer, the the perpetuation for all of our sins. And that's the only way that we live. She would tell us also, Corey would tell us, "How many of you've ever worried about something? Maybe just half of y'all worry." Thank you, brother Al. Everybody. We've, you know, you've been at night about 12, 1:00 in the morning, ftting, rolling your thumbs, mind racing, sweating. Am I just speaking about the Adam's householders? And you just you're worrying about this trying to figure it all out. How I'm going to make this change? How am I going to do this? What am I going to do in this situation? What's going to be my response? Sometimes we already build a bridge before we even get there. But Corey to Boon would tell us worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength. Carrying two days at once. It's moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength. It empties today of its strength. And the Bible would tell us in Matthew 6 and verse 25, "Therefore I say unto you, take no thought for your life what you shall eat, what you shall drink, nor yet for your body what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment?" And then verse 31, therefore take no thought, saying, "What shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or wheither all shall we be clothed? For all, for after all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your heavenly Father knoweth that you have need of these things." And he says in verse 33, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you." Amen. And in verse 34, take therefore no thought for tomorrow, for the tomorrow shall take thought of itself, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. So that we're not to worry about life. Not to worry about life. Well, Brother Joe, that's easier said than done. Well, the Bible says if you're if you're standing on the word of God, It was quoted that they asked I don't know if it was oh Mo why you carrying that Bible around you can't read. He said because I believe it. I believe it from kiver to kiver and I believe the kiver too. He says I'd rather be standing on the Bible than standing in heaven. He like that's a big step. He said Moses why you say it like that? He said because heavens and earth will pass away but God's word will never pass away. Let me tell you, there are benefits when standing on the word of God. You can't count on your neighbor. You can't count on your job. You can't count on your friends. You can't count on your health. But what you can count on is the word of God. And he says, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you, but I will be in you even to the end of the age." That's a benefit, a benefit of being a child of God. that the King of Kings and the creator of heavens and earth will never leave you in your moments of distress, standing on the word of God. And the Bible says, having done all the stand, stand therefore, think about that. When a train goes through a tunnel, how many have ever ridden on a train? Okay, good. When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don't throw the ticket away and jump off the train, do you? Do you? No. You sit back and you trust the engineer. Look, church, the life that we live will take you through a lot of dark tunnels. The life that you live will take you through a lot of deep valleys. The life that we live as a believer take you through a lot of steep mountains. And you wonder, will I ever get there? You be like that little train. I think I can. I think I can. And you you stress and you sweat and you toil and you pray and you believe and you do it all over again the next day and you keep trying and you keep trying and you keep trying. But the thing is to remember, you got a ticket in your hand. The price has been paid. The token is in your hand. When it gets dark, don't throw the Don't throw the ticket down. Don't jump off the train. That's the time to sit back and relax. And trust the engineer. Trust the one who who's driving that train. So, there's going to be a lot of lot of dark tunnels that we face, a lot of difficult trials, even sickness in our bodies that may have you question why, why me? Why now? What did I do? Has anybody ever asked this? What did I do to deserve this? That's our human mindset, right? But we find here when Job went through his greatest trial, if you look at the scriptures, Job didn't do anything that merited to being thrust into a trial. Am I right? But the Bible says that God had a conversation with his arch enemy, the devil, and he asked him a question. Have you considered my servant Job? You know, I like the way God stakes a claim on Job's life. He didn't just say, "Have you considered Job?" or "Have you considered Mike Wear?" or "Have you considered Tim Puit?" or "Have you considered Timothy or Timothy Puit or Aaron Oglesby or any of these great men? Ron Spencer, but have you considered my servant Job?" So God was staking a claim that the Job didn't belong to the devil. Job didn't belong to the trial. Job didn't belong to the sickness. Joe belonged to God. And what am I telling you tonight? I'm telling you, you don't belong to sickness. You don't belong to that trial. You don't belong to that depression. You don't belong to that anxiety. You belong to God. And God stakes a claim on you. And God had confidence that Job will keep his word. And God has confidence in you tonight that you will keep his word. In the exposition of the church ages, the prophet would tell us redeem means to buy back. It means to restore to the original owner. God by his death of shed blood bought back his own. He bought back the spoken word seed bride. My sheep hear my voice, the word, and they follow me. Notice you always were a sheep. Come on, church. You may have felt like a pig. You may have felt like a dog. You may have felt like a scoundrel. You may have felt like a thug. You may have felt like all these things. But you always was a sheep. He said, "You were never a pig or a dog turned into a sheep. That's impossible. For every kind of life produces the same kind, and there is no change in species." And if we were in the thoughts of God, then expressed in this flesh, then there had to come a day when we would hear the voice to work. And hearing that voice became aware that it was our father calling us and recognize that we are sons of God. Oh, hallelujah. Let me tell you, some of us were going the wrong way. Some of us was headed to a devil's hell. But one day, we heard the voice of God and it turned us around. And now we begin to realize we are sons of God. We are daughters of God. We are children of God. And we have benefits of the father. Hallelujah. When you were born of the spirit of God, he says then you got then you're a son of God and you always was a son of God. Let that resonate. I'm gonna leave that there for just a minute. You always was a son of God. Always. Not when you came to the altar, not when you went to the meeting, not when you went to a camp, but you always was a son of God. Well, Brother Joe, I would I didn't grow up in church. It don't really matter. I didn't either. But I stand before you now as a son of God. 20some years of my life, I wasted. But I stand before you now. Why? Because I always was a son of God. Because what God did, God deposited a seed gene on the inside of you before the foundation of the world. You were in the very thoughts and mind of God. And the thoughts of God are eternal. Therefore, there was going to be a day that you would hear the word and you would come to recognition that I don't belong in this chicken yard. I don't belong down here in the bars. I don't belong on those websites. I don't belong in that kind of lifestyle. I don't belong in drugs and alcohol. I belong in the heavenlies flying with dust, sayeth the Lord. I am a child of God. And I got benefits of being a child. Notice what he says. No way to separate it because see, you have eternal life and eternal never did begin and eternal never will end. Hallelujah. So, let me just say it like this. When this earth is burned over, because the Bible speaks about this earth being burned over. When this earth is burned over and the adversary is thrown into the lake of fire, guess who will be? Oh, I figure you get a better amen than that. when all that you have been through, all the heartache, all the sickness, all the trials, all the worry, all the darkness, when it's all said and done and it's all washed away and we're sitting in heavenly places and we watch as the adversary is thrown into the lake of fire, we will still be not the last day for my not The last day for Philip Ronolie, but the last day for sickness, the last day for depression, the last day for anxiety, the last day for for bitterness and worry and all the last days for everything but us. It's a benefit. To live eternally, I know we can't wrap our minds around what does it mean to live eternally because we got these finite human minds and some of your minds are more messed up than mine. Woo! We're in a bad shape, church. But you know, I mean, the battles that we face, family strengths, things, our makeup, our personalities, all that. But every one of those, God put it there to give a unique sound, a certain team. See, we need you in Evening Light Tabernac because you give us certainting. Some of you teaming too often, but that's okay. At least you're tinging. Some of us tongue when we need to team. But see, God put it all together to make up the body. And there's benefits. We're going to get into some more of these. I got to speed up here. But notice, you always was a son of God. So no matter what you're going through, young person, no matter what you're facing, you always was a son of God. And if you always was, you always will be. Not when your favorite preacher comes, not when you feel the aoria of a special meeting like we just did this past weekend, but you always were and you always will be. See, the word is eternal. And if God made a promise that's eternal, then there's nothing nowhere can stop it. There's nothing nowhere can stop it. They couldn't. He can turn every atom upside down, turn it backwards. You can never pierce the word of God. Not one little word. Jesus said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will never pass away." So what is the word? Now listen to this. This is conflict conflict between God and Satan. I was listening to this earlier today. See the word, what is the word of God? The word of God is God himself. Now, we're talking about power being restored to the church. And I understand that in the day and age in which we're living in, many want to proclaim that the days of miracles have passed. God don't do these things anymore. That was for yesterday, the 40, 50, 60s during the healing revival, different things of that nature. You know, great men who's gone down through the ages. You know, they were okay to have their revival, but they refused to let us have ours. But I want you to hear this quote here and listen what he says. What is the word of God? The word of God is God himself. So God gave the believer himself. Notice God gave the believer himself. He didn't give you a substitute. He didn't give you a carbon copy. God gave the believer himself. And what is it? It's God himself. He gave the believer himself to attack the enemy by. In other words, he's the father and the word is God and then the word is our father. We're born by the word. He's standing in the forefront of his children. Notice now there you are. He's standing out there for his children. What are we scared about? God gave himself. And if there was power in Jesus, then there's got to be power in the church. If there was power to open blinded eyes and heal the leper and raise the in the days of Jesus and God gave himself to the church, then there's got to be power once again in the church. And he tells us, Jesus own word tells us the very works that I do, you shall do also. Church, you don't have to knuck down to the devil. You don't have to knuck down to the critics and the naysayers that says all this all about emotion and all this. If they want their intellectual uh theology, let them have their intellectualism. I want the power. I want the benefits of the power. I want the power to live an overcoming life. I want the benefits of what an overcoming life means. My kids are my kids. That's one benefit. I ain't worried about who's been at the house, the male man, the male lady, or whoever else. Talking about power to know in this hour, in this day and age, that a wife could be loyal and faithful to a husband and a husk, a husband can be loyal and faithful to her spouse. The power to live above sin, to live above drugs and alcohol. The power to change a life. The power to take an atheist and make a Sunday school teacher out of her. The power to take a criminal, Grant Larson, and make a trustee out of him. You want to talk about power in the church? I'm telling you that power is in this church right here tonight. Some of you were going the wrong direction. Brother Johnny, I remember your testimony. He out of a dumpster. Brother Johnny, not brother L. Maybe he needs to give you his testimony someday. But the power to transform a life. We're not dumpster diving today. We're feeding on the body word of the Son of Man. for feeding on the word of God made real in this hour. And there's benefits that it produces, church benefits. When you come into a prayer line, you don't have to guess. You don't have to hope so. You don't have to maybe benefits of seeing a young boy who's never walked, never crawled. When a grandmother begin to lift her arms and praise not her calamity, but begin to praise the Lord through her calamity. And a young boy who's never walked got up and began to run around the house. That's a benefit of serving God. That's a benefit of a family life, a family legacy lived out. Because we know what, just the same way we see brother Ron there fighting stage four cancer or whatever it may be for five years now. The doctors gave him four months and he's still standing, still preaching, still displaying what a Christian life is. And though maybe five minutes ago, he was back in the back throwing up, but he stands there as a soldier of the cross. what benefits of serving the Lord. And now his sons and his daughters and his grandchildren, they're all serving God. I'm telling you, it's benefits of raising your children in the fear and the admonition of God. So God has confidence in you. The Bible will tell us in Psalms 30 and verse 5 that weeping may endure for the night, but joy cometh in the morning. There's a lot of tears that are shed. There's a lot of times that you're you're up late and you're praying for your children. You that have children, you're praying that they find their place in life, not the world life, but this life, that they get filled with the Holy Spirit, they find the right mate, they they live in the right place, they go to the right church, that their lives make a difference. And there's a lot of tears that are shed, a lot of weeping, but the Bible says, "Joy cometh in the morning." Joy cometh in the morning. And the Bible tells us in Philippians 4 and verse 6, "Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer, supplication, and thanksgiving. Let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and your minds through Christ Jesus." And in first Peter 5:7, casting all of your cares upon him, for he carth for you. You realize God will put somebody in a certain place and have somebody else in the same place in an unexpected time, in an unexpected way so he can work a miracle. See, there's power in being positionally placed where God wants you. That's a whole another sermon that I've been preparing. And I just kind of think that God has placed me where he's placed me for a special person because I believe God's going to do the supernatural because God is supernatural. And why shouldn't we expect the benefits of serving a supernatural God? So we understand many time God will allow us God will allow us to get in places where we question maybe maybe question who we are know those times that you get to that place you got to be certain of God. Cory Tinboom would tell it like this and I thought this was a amazing quote that she quoted. She goes, "In order to realize the worth of the anchor, you need to feel the stress of the storm." And I put it I kind of twisted it up and put it in Joe Adams language. You'll never know the strength of the anchor until you felt the power of the storm. Sometimes we wonder what's holding us. Why am I here? I'm holding on. I'm holding on. It's not you holding on. It's that anchor that's holding you. And you'll never know the worth or the power or the strength of that anchor until you felt the strength of the storm. And the the greater the storm, the greater the anchor. The greater the storm, the greater the anchor. So, if you know about Corey Timboom's life, she was captured by the Nazis and thrown into a concentration camp and she was put in solitary confinement for, I believe, 3 to six months because she was sick at the time. And while she was in this solitary confinement, she had one little window that sunlight came in, but she had a little friend. It was a little mouse that came out and it came and it played with her, if you want to call it that, playing. And she would feed it crumbs. And she would quote this quote. She says, "You will never know that Christ is all you need until Christ is all you have." You will never know that Christ is all you need until Christ is all you have. When family's forsaken you, when friends have forsaken you, when churches have turned their back on you, Christ is all you need. And you realize that when he's all you have. And there's going to be a point in some parts of our lives that we will get to that place to where we recognize that he is all we need. Because your relationship is not you and the pastor, though we have a great pastor. Your relationship is not you and one of us other preachers, though I believe we're great preachers and we're very equipped sons of God to deliver the word, but your relationship is based on Christ and Christ alone. And you'll never know that he's all you need until everything around you is stripped from you and he's all that you have. But I believe God allows us to get to that place so you can see there's benefits to serving him. Sister Jenny, there's benefits to remaining faithful in the face of adversity, of sickness and trial and day in and day out grind and grind and grind to remain a faithful wife, a faithful spouse. Stand faithfully by your husband who's ravished in pain day in and day out. There's a benefit because this life is not an eternal life. But this life, this body is decaying each and every day and it will be changed. That's a benefit of the power that's been restored back to the church. That's right. So, let's go on just a little bit further here. We find that in the days of Jesus that the church there the Jewish church the prophet would tell us that they had their seven church ages like we have our seven church ages and at the end of the seven church ages for them they were expecting Joel's prophecy to come to fruition and there it came to fruition on the day of Pentecost and when Peter and the 120 came out of the upper room they were the excuse me they were the very manifestation of Joel 2:28 you know before then during that time they had the word they had the law they had the prophets, but they had no power because their intellectual ideas choked the power from the church. They could take a pen and they can push it through the scroll and they can tell you every letter that it hit, but they did not possess the power to make that word live. And I'm afraid today that many have taken the quotes, they taken the scriptures, they taken it all, and it's nothing more than just theology, intellectualism. But there's got to be a people that wants the benefits of the word, benefits of the promises that lay in the word. You recognize there's over 800 promises that lays in the Bible for you as a child of God. Why just put the promises on the shelf and say, "Well, I got it." And then it never comes to manifestation. But we're sons of God. We're daughters of God. My children have access to their father and they have access to their father's bank account not directly mind you my wife now that's another story she has access directly but what am I telling you is when there is a need in my children and they come and they approach me correctly they don't demand payment or they don't demand this but they ask father you know I'm in need. I'm falling on some hard times. Can I please borrow? You know that I like to say that borrow word with the intention of never paying it back. Yeah, you little thief. But they have the benefits of coming knowing that there's money in the father's bank. And church, we have a father that owns a cattle on a thousand heels. What am I telling you? There's benefits of accessing the father, coming to him and saying, "I have a need, Zach. I got a need of healing. I got a need of deliverance. I got a need of a life to live above suicide and above depression and above anxiety and above rebellion and above all this stuff. I want to live separated from the world. Father, I'm approaching you tonight as your child. I want the benefits of being a son of God. I want the benefits bestow upon me the benefits of being a child of God of being an Adams and every child here should should take that and said it is a pleasure and an honor to approach their father in a way that the Bible says that he will withhold no good thing to them that walk uprightly. What a benefit. That's right. Some of you may be here tonight in need of healing. There's a benefit. By my stripes, you are already healed already. If Jesus was standing in this suit and this tie and this shirt today, he couldn't do one more thing for you than what he's already done. It's finished. On Calvary, when he hung his hands out and opened his arms and his hands were pierced, his feet were pierced, his side were pierced, and he began to scream out, "It is finished. everything complete redemption and all that redemption had of all the benefits that you would need, he finished it there and then all that you have to do is access the father. Amen. But you have to do it recognizing I'm a child of God. Let's go on. See, God is not going to allow his word to fall to the ground. He didn't just want one manifesting the power all encapsulated in Jesus Christ. But he had in his mind, let us make man in our image. God wanted a family. God wanted sons of God. And and yet he he sent Jesus to pay the price so that that fallen man would now be able to come back into a position of sunship. And the same power, the same life that was bestowed upon Jesus, though it was without measure is now in sons and daughters of God with measure. But the you can go to the ocean and you can take one teaspoon out of that ocean and every molecule, every substance that's in the great Pacific Ocean is is in that little teeny teaspoon. Everything is in it even though it's in a smaller measure. What am I telling you? You possess the same power. It's been restored back to the church. Quit living below your God-given privileges. Now notice, let's get back to our story. Peter and John approaching this lame man crippled from from his mother's womb. And he's sitting there and he's out begging. You know, he's been carried to this spot daily. Every Wednesday he comes and he sits in the same spot. Every Sunday he comes and he sits in the same seat. How dare you sit in my seat? Get out. Don't you know this is my spot? He was carried daily. But there was a day that was going to be different. See, because Jesus has heard every prayer that he prayed. He had heard every prayer. He had felt every wse of pain that shot through his body. He knew that that crippled man desired to be healed. And though Jesus could not get to him while he was in his fleshly form, that same power that resonated and lived and manifested in Christ will now begin to live out through his disciples and through the 120 in the multiplication of different ones as they believed on the word and believed on Christ. So now we find here this crippled man here he's at the he's at the gate and the gate called beautiful and Peter and John come and no doubt Peter says such as I have I give you and and maybe he stopped for a minute and said come on Peter you don't understand my case is different how many times have we told God that our case is different you don't understand it I've been like this for 40 years you don't think I've tried to get medical help. You don't think I went to Willis Night and don't go to Mind Medical Center. Just kidding. Little pun on hospitals there. Go to Ashner. You don't think he's tried to get the best help that he could get. Peter, you don't understand my case. Let me just say it like this. Per adventure. Per adventure. If your situation and your case was unlike any that anybody has ever heard of before in life, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He remains the same. If he healed in that day, then he has to heal every man according to their faith or he would not be just in his healing. The first one So there was a young girl where many of you may know her. She had uh some form of leukemia. Never before has it ever been recorded has anybody had ever recovered from this kind of leukemia. And I can't remember the name of it but her her she goes there to brother Tom Ray's church or was it brother Tom Ray's church as a little kid and she was the only one recorded in history that was ever that ever recovered from this form of leukemia. and they had to go back and rewrite the books. That's a benefit of serving God. Because when the doctors say you can't be healed, when the priest and the preachers say the days of miracles has passed, God honors your faith. Not their doubt, not their unbelief, but he honors your faith to believe that he is in fact the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he healed yesterday by faith, he'll heal today by faith. If he delivered yesterday by faith, he'll deliver today by faith. If he filled with the Holy Ghost yesterday by faith, he will fill with the Holy Ghost today by faith. But notice, it's when you're ready to make a decision. See, you got to make a decision. Yes, I'm going to believe him for my healing. And you and that has to settle it. Or you're going to have to believe him for my deliverance. or per adventure. You got to believe him for my children. See, you got to believe that he is. See, this crippled man believed. He had to he had to make a decision. Was Peter telling me the truth? He had walked with Jesus. He had fished with Jesus. He had lived with Jesus for three years. He had spent time day and night with Jesus Christ. And I couldn't get to Jesus, but I know he has been with him. Is he telling me the truth? So, he had to make a decision. And notice what he did. The Bible says that he immediately leaped up. Peter didn't have an all night prayer meeting. Peter didn't get the church to gather together and lay hands on him. Peter just spoke the word of truth to him. And that's what we do. We preach the truth. We preach faith to you so you can leap up out of that crippled condition. Whether it be lameness in your body, may it be crippled in your mind, may it be crippled in your spirit, whatever it may be, it's so you can leap up. walking and leaping and praising God. But when you're ready, when you're ready, God will take that crippled spirit off of you. When you're ready, young boys, young girls, he'll take that that spirit to look at these dirty websites. He'll take that out of your heart when you're ready. That's right. When you're ready to give up depression and fear and quit petting those little petty things. When you're ready, he'll take it from you. When you're ready, he'll take that thirst for the things of the world, for drinking and smoking and all that sex sins. He'll take all that out of your heart and give you a thirst for the word of God. When you're ready, see, he's a gentleman. He's not going to force anything on you. But when you're ready, when you would rather die than do that again, that's when he's going to be there to lift you up out of that crippled condition. But you got to make a decision. The Bible says, "If you have faith as a grain of a mustard seed, you shall say unto this mountain, remove hence to a yonder place, and it shall remove and nothing shall be impossible unto you." Why a mustard seed? Little bitty mustard seed. You can't even see it because it will grow into a great big tree and the fowls of the air will come and they will roost in it and take cover and take rest in that. And when a farmer when a farmer gets in his mind that he wants to have a crop, he takes a seed and he plants that seed in the ground. He's not digging that seed up each and every day hoping that it's going to manifest. No. When a farmer gets in his mind and in his heart that he's going to have a crop and he's going to have a a seed or or bring forth a harvest and he goes and he gets exactly what seed he's looking for. if it's faith, if it's healing, if it's deliverance. Notice, he's gathering exactly what he has need of. And he plants it into the ground. And he's not every day going back, hoing it back over, checking it. Only thing that he's responsible to do is keep the weeds away. Plant that seed in faith, water with thanksgiving, and expect the harvest. That's real simple. Plant it by faith. Water it with thanksgiving and expect a harvest. And the Bible would tell us they that sew tears shall reap in joy. Sewing sometimes planting the ground, the seed in the ground, breaking that that fow ground is not easy at times. It can be very difficult, especially when you have children that are wavered and you plant that seed and all you see is the markings of the world, the the scars of life and you see sickness just ravishing bodies and you see homes divided and you see all this. But you got to plant that seed. You got to cultivate the ground. You got to water it before you see any little sprig come up. Water it with your praise. But we find in our day and age, many of us struggle to praise God when we don't see it. We struggle to praise God when we don't feel it. We struggle to praise God because we think, "Well, I'm a hypocrite. Satan tell you, you got no right to praise you." What? God ain't done nothing for you. How many of you are breathing at this moment? He done something. That's right. And the Bible says, "Let everything that has breath." How many of you are breathing again? Let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. It's a benefit. Yes. to praise the Lord, to praise the King of Kings, to lift up your adoration to the only one that can bestow upon you the glory and honor and the blessings in which he so freely died for. There was a man one time as we begin to bring this down be just a few more minutes. There was a man one time he never wore a pair of shoes. He was in South Africa. The prophet was visiting South Africa there. And he never had a pair of shoes on his feet. And he was back in the jungles. And he was born to missionary parents. And he was born with deformed feet. And he come walking up there and he was clubbing his feet along. And he had a shoe box under his arm. Shoe box under his arm. And someone said, "What do you got in there?" He said, "I got a pair of shoes." So what do you expect to do with them? Are they for your father? He said, "Nope. I'm going to wear them. And the same look that some of you are giving me is the same look that he got then. What do you mean? And when the service was over, he had those shoes on his feet, running down through the lot just as hard as he could, praising God. What did he do? He took God at his word. That's right. He never had a pair of shoes on his feet. He never knew what it felt to to to really walk the way a normal child walked. But he had said they asked him and he said, "I seen others coming through that were crippled and was healed. I seen those who were blind that would see again and God would not turn me down." I wonder evening light tabernacle and those that on the stream tonight, how many of you brought your shoe box to church tonight? It may be a child. It may be a husband. It may be a wife. It may be for healing. It may be for deliverance. But you brought that to the house of God tonight. And when this service is over, you know that God is going to give you the exactly what you need. What did he do? He tapped into the word of God. He tapped into the benefits of serving God. He seen the crippled hill. He seen the blinded eyes open. And he knew in his heart of hearts that God won't turn me down. What about an evenite tabernacle? God ain't going to turn you down tonight. You're a son of God. You're a daughter of God. And there's benefits of serving this God. There's benefits tonight. Healing is a benefit. Deliverance is a benefit. The Holy Ghost is a benefit. Benefits. Forget not all of his benefits. Let me tell you another story up at Ko Tabernacle. Brother Timothy mentioned this, but it was already in my notes. He mentioned this past weekend. It's a young boy. He was crippled. He had polio. Couldn't get into prayer line. So they bring him back for prayer at the end of the service. And he said, "Mr. Bam. He said, "Can you tell me some consolation?" He said, "Yes, son. You got polio." He said, "Yeah, that's right." He said, "Your name is such and such. You come from such and such a place." He said, "That's right." And he asked, "What about my healing?" And notice what the reply. By his stripes, you are healed. by his stripes. Not man's stripes, not the church's stripes, not the denomination stripes, not the creed stripes, not the idea stripes, but by his stripes, you are already healed. And notice what this young man did. This young man goes back to his home, go back to his neighborhood, and he begins to to praise God. He begins to confess, "By his stripes, I am healed." And later that week he was making such a stir that the local ministry came to his house and said you are bringing a reproach on the name of Christ. Now could you imagine thus four ministers coming to your house for acknowledging what God said he would do. And here these ministers just they just kind of come on him and they say you got to stop doing this. He said, "Mister, if you was sitting in the seat that I'm sitting in, if you were sitting in the chair that I'm in, why would you rob me of my last hope?" What am I telling you, church tonight? And he said, "In the name of Jesus Christ," he said, "By his stripes, I am healed." And he jumped up and be around that place. What was it? He tapped into the benefits. Though the preacher didn't believe, though the family didn't believe, though the neighborhood didn't believe, he believed the word. He believed it was for him. And I'm here to tell you, it's for you tonight. The benefits of serving [Applause] God. We don't need all this emotion though, Brother Joe. All this leaping up, jumping, shouting. Musicians, you can make your way back jumping, shouting, praising God. That's a bunch of nonsense. Maybe because you're not in that seat. Maybe because you're not the one who's never walked. Maybe you're not the one with the doctor's report. Maybe you're not the one that says cancer stage four. Prepare your house. Maybe you're not the one that says tumor. We hope we can get it. We're not going to make any promises. Maybe you're not the one that your kids are wewarded and lost. Maybe you're not the one, but per adventure, you are. And that prodal comes walking through the door. The Bible says that that father looked down that dusty road day in and day out. He looked with anticipation. He looked with expectancy. It was a benefit to serving God. And the Bible says when he saw his son, he didn't just walk and just mope. He ran. He exerted some emotion. He exerted, brother Timmy, some excitement. My son who was lost has now been found. Or maybe it's you. Maybe if you was in that seat of stage four cancer, no hope, put your family in order. Play something. He's worthy of it all. No hope. five children, lungs full of cancer, breast full of cancer, and we preach to you, by his stripes, you are healed. We preach to you the benefits of turning away from the doctor's report, looking away from the PET scan, looking away from the trial, looking away from the [Music] problem, and looking to the promise. And in a service, you stand to your your feet and you begin to worship. You leap up jumping and leaping and run around the church praising God before any [Music] report before before any report that you're cancer free. What am I telling you tonight? I know it's not all about emotion. I get it. But if you were sitting in some of the seats that some of these people are sitting in today, why would we want to rob them of their last hope? That's right. Why would we want to keep the benefits away from them? Why would we want to squash and squaltch their enthusiasm for the word? We was in a meeting this past weekend on a Saturday night after the prayer line. A church that's been hungering to break through for [Music] worship. I was there a couple weeks ago and for the first time in 15 years, they begin to do a Jericho march around the church. They were priming an unexpectancy when the presence of the Lord comes. But in this night, as I bring this to a close, on this night though, one by one, people begin to act uncharacteristically because the benefits begin to fall down. the benefits of being a child of God. To have that word revealed to you that I may have walked in this prayer line with a list of prayers in my hand. And a young man sat in the back, never before has he done this, jumped up out of a seat and begin to not only did he run around on church, brother Timothy, he ran on the platform and ran around several times. Never in his life has he's ever done that. Now, I say it's not all about emotion, but he be to worship God and thank God and water that seed before one request was ever answered on his note. What am I telling you tonight? I'm telling you there's benefits. There's benefits to serving God. There's benefits as we find in Exodus 15 and verse 26. For I am the Lord that health thee. That's a benefit because power has been restored to the church. We know what it means to not have power in this church. We have swept coat and we know what it means when the power has been restored and the lights are on and we can function and we can operate the way that we as believers operate. We don't have to sit in the dark. We don't have to question. We don't have to worry is it going to come on? its own. The power has been restored. He's the Lord that health thee in Isaiah 53. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are Amen. Come on, church. We are healed. [Music] Notice Mark 16. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. That's not a question. That's not a if. That's not a maybe. That's a benefit. They shall recover. That's in God's word. And God's word is himself. And he is eternal. I'm telling you, you can bank on it. You can rest your soul on it. It's a benefit tonight. By his stripes we are healed. You can lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Philippians 4:19, "But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory." That's a benefit. He won't supply your wants, but he will make sure he has ample supply for your needs. Malachi 3 and:e 10 it says prove me now herewith sayaith the Lord of hosts if I will not open to you the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing that there shall be not be room enough to receive it oh I hope you came with your cups lifted up me evening life tabernacle prove me tonight on a Wednesday tonight that I would open up the windows of heaven on a Wednesday night and pour out a blessing that you don't even have enough room in this building. You don't have enough room in your cup. It'll be overflowing, pressed down, church. What does God just want your praise tonight? He wants you to accept him. It's a benefit. A benefit tonight. Prove me, sayeth the Lord. I walked out here tonight. I didn't want to preach tonight. My heart's been heavy because I've got different things on my mind, different people on my heart. But I'm proving the Lord tonight. I've been fasting for two days. I'm proving the Lord tonight that he'll honor my request. He'll honor his word tonight. I got needs in my family. I want to see God move. I want to see God filled. I want to see God come down and baptize with the Holy Ghost. I approve of you tonight, Lord. It's a benefit. It's a benefit. You said I can have my family. You said I can have my children. It's a benefit tonight. I receive it. I receive it tonight. Malachi 3:12 says, "The nations shall call you blessed." Oh, you've been called every dirty name in the book, but the nations going to call you blessed. You shall be a delight, delightsome land, sayaith the Lord of hosts. Thou shalt also be the crown of glory in the hand of the Lord, a royal diadem in the hand of thy God. In Isaiah 62 and verse4, thou shalt be no more turned forsaken, neither shall the land anymore be termed desolate. Thou shalt be called Hezbollah, and the land Bulah, for the Lord delightth in thee, and thy land shall be married. The Lord shall make thee the head, and not the tail. The Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail. A benefit. Proverbs 3 and verse 5. Trust in the Lord with all thy heart. Lean not to thy own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. You don't have to go at it alone, young person. You don't have to try to drift through this life trying to figure it all out. Delight thyself in the Lord. Acknowledge him. Lean not to your own understanding, but he will direct your path. Jeremiah 29, we're very familiar with this one. I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayith the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. But in verse 12, he says, "You shall call upon me and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you a benefit that God hears your prayers." Amen. Not only does he hear, but he hearkens. You shall seek me and find me when you search me with all your heart. I will be found to you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations. Benefit. Philippians 4:7, the peace of God which passes all understanding will keep your hearts and your minds through Christ Jesus. Isaiah 26:3, "Thou shalt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trustth in thee." In Matthew 11:28, Bible says, "Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest, a benefit. You don't have to toll. You don't have to stress. Take my yoke upon you, lean of me, and or learn of me. said, "For my I am meek and lowly in heart, and you shall find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." The power has been restored back to the end time church. And I just encourage you even like tabernacle, forget not all benefits. He's worthy. Let's sing that to him if you'll stand with us tonight. He's worthy of it all. He's worthy of every praise before you feel it. He's worthy of every adoration before you got one sign that is done. Come on, brother Andrew. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Of it all. For from you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. Worthy. Worthy of it [Music] all. You deserve all the glory. Know you're worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it [Music] all. Worthy of it all from you. You are all things. You deserve glory. One more time. You're worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it all. Worthy of it all. are all things. To you are all things. You deserve glory. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. You're all together lovely. [Music] All together wonderful. And here I am. And here I am to worship. Here I am more to say you're my God. All together all together all together wonderful to me. [Music] and light of the world. You step down into darkness. Oh my eyes. Let me [Music] see beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Oh, and here I am to [Music] worship. Oh yes, Lord. Here I am to sing. You're my God. [Music] Oh yes you are Lord all together wonderful to me and king of all days. So highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Oh, humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake. Became poor. Oh, and here I am to worship. Here I am, Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord. You're my God. Yes, you are, Lord. Yes, you [Music] are. Oh, here I am. And here I am to worship. Here I am Lord. Here I am to say you're my [Music] God. All together worthy. Oh, here I am and here I am to worship. Here I am. Here I am to sing. All together. [Music] Oh yeah. Wonderful to me. Oh my moment. You come my rain. You see you walk with me through [Music] fire. You heal all my disease. I trust in you. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. Oh, I believe, Lord. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Oh Jesus, you're all I need. You hold my every. Oh, you hold my every [Music] moment. Oh, you come my way. You can see. Oh, you walk with me, Lord. Thank you for being in the fire. You heal all my disease and I trust in you. Oh yes, Lord. I trust you. Lord, I trust in you. I believe. Oh, I believe you're my Oh, I believe. Lord, you are all I need. I believe. Oh, I believe you're my [Music] portion. You're more than enough for me. Oh, Jesus, you're all I need. And all the way I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my I've made my decision. I made my decision. I'm going all Oh, I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my I've drawn the line. I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. Oh, I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. No turning back. No turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, no turn back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the way. All the way. I'm going. I'm going. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with my phone. No turning back. No turning back. I'm going I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going. Oh, no turning back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made my choice. Yes, I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going. Yes, I am. [Music] Oh, I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last ever too. Oh yeah. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us see forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. And as I journey through the land, seeking as I go, pointing souls to Calary, to the crimson. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. Oh, but my Lord leads me on through him. I must win. And oh, I want to see. Look upon his face. Oh yes. of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Oh, tears all pass. Home at last. When in valleys, though I look, and when in valleys though I look, toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fire. And with a tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley. Oh guide me. I can see as I go and all I want to see. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Oh cares pass. Home at last. Last verse. And when before me bellows rise from the mighty day. Oh then my Lord directs my boat. He does safely. Oh and he leads me gently on through this world alone. Oh he's a real friend to me. And though I love him so and oh I want to see him look upon his face. They sing forever of his saving grace. Oh and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass home at last. Amen. God bless you dismiss in Jesus name. Oh and oh [Music]
