################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - Unclogging the Faith Lines, Part 2 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on July 2, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   Unclogging the Faith Lines, Part 2 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on July 2, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgtafG2eSUE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] No matter what may come my way, my life is in you. With Jesus and with Jesus I can make it. With him I know I can stand. And no matter what may come my way, my life is in you. Sing it one more time. I know. I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. And with Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stand. [Music] No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand [Music] and I love you and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, [Music] rejoice, take joy, my king in what you hear. And let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship [Music] you and all my soul. Oh, rejoice and take joy. Oh yes, Lord. In what you hear and let it be a sweet or sweet sound in your ear [Music] and to God be the glory. Glory to God be the glory. To God be the gloryy for the things he has done. And with his blood he has saved me. With his power he has raised me to God. Oh, be the glory for the things he Oh, has done. And to God be the glory. Glory to God. Be the glory to God. be the glory for the things he has done and with his blood. He has saved me. With his power he has raised me to God be the glory. Oh for the things he's done. Who am I that you are mindful of me? that you hear me when I call. Oh, is it true that you are thinking of oh how you love me? Say it's amazing. It's amazing. So amazing said I am a friend of God. Oh I am a friend of God. Oh I am a friend of God. He call say I'm a friend. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Yes, I am a friend of God. He Let's all stand and sing that first verse again. Who am I saying? Who am I that you are love me? Oh, that you hear me every time I call. Oh, is it true, Lord? Is it true that you are thinking of me? Say it's amazing how you love me. Oh, it's amazing. So amazing. [Music] I am the friend of God. You believe that tonight that I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. God almighty God Almighty and Lord of glory. Say you have you have called me pray [Applause] [Music] God the Lord of glory you have called me praise again God almighty and God Almighty, Lord of I know that you have called me great. I'm afraid I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Say, "I am a friend of God." Because one more time, I'm a friend and I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. We call [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just clap your hands. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you a friend of God? Amen. Amen. Oh, victory. Victory shall be mine. Yes. Victory. Victory shall be mine. And if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. And healing, healing shall be mine. Oh, healing, healing shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battles. Healing and healing shall be mine. And my family, the family shall be mine. Oh my family, my family shall be mine. Oh, if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Oh, my family shall be mine. Say, victory shall be mine. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord Oh, victory shall be mine. Oh, victory, it shall be mine. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. And if I hold my peace, let alone fight my battle. Oh, victory shall be mine. And I'm here to praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise. Oh, praise him. Yes. Praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Praise. Yes. Praise him with the morning. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him when the sun goes down. And praise him. Oh, praise him. [Music] Oh, praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise Lord. Praise him when goes down. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what we're here to do tonight at church. Amen. Amen. We have a prayer request for brother Jonathan Middleton. ask for prayer with difficulty breathing that I don't see sister Vicki and just want to remember her in prayer that the Lord would touch her also brother Ben Coleman and brother Daryl Baxter as they continue to recover from pro the procedures that they've under undergone and amen need a touch in their bodies as well and if you have a need you want to lift to the Lord and just tell him in spite of this need I'm here to praise you Lord give you everything that you're worthy of and lift my hands to you. Hallelujah. Amen. Before we we go, just whatever that need is, why don't we sing? You said it, I believe. You say it is done. You say whether it's back trouble, whether you're facing cancer, need a touch in your body, swelling in the legs, breathing, lost loved one, say, "Lord, you said it. You said it. You just said I need to believe it. Lord, you said it is done. One more time. You say I believe. Oh, you say it is done. Move the immovable. Move the break the unbreakable. God we believe. [Music] God, we believe for it from the impossible. [Music] Let's believe together as we pray right now. Father, we come in the mighty name of Jesus. That name that is above all names that at the name of Jesus, every knee has to bow, every tongue confess that he is Lord Supreme over all. We are your children tonight. We're coming into your presence. We have come Lord with singing and now with petitions Lord with praise to your name because thou art worthy oh God. Lord is heaven rung out oh God as the seals were open that the lamb would take in the book and release the seals Lord. Oh God, then all of earth begin to proclaim, "Glory and honor be to him that sitth upon the throne and to the lamb that was slain." Oh God, tonight our voices ring out together with those heavenly voices saying, "Thou art worthy, oh God, to receive glory and power and wisdom, and all that that is of heaven is yours, Lord, and all that is on earth. You control it all. Lord, we're just asking now that you'd bring healing to those that have need. that you'd go to the homes, Lord, the places, the hospitals, Lord, wherever they are gathered together are in a need, Lord, and they're desiring from you that you would meet that need. May healing come, Lord, oh God, on the wings of this prayer, may it just sweep right into the room where they're at and sickness be rebuked by the mighty name of Jesus. Oh God, those that are here in this congregation and they are lifting up holy hands and worship to you, may it be tonight that they are endued a new with power from on high. That heaven opens to them, Lord, and the blessings flow down into their lives and you lift them up into heavenly places and you cause them to believe for things, Lord, that they even struggled to believe for before. But when faith comes, the impossible happens. So may it happen tonight that faith come in lives and hearts of your children and every need be supplied. Now we give the service to you. The songs that are sung, the offerings that are taken, Lord, every part, the word of God as it goes forth in our hearts to receive, we open it up to you, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running away. Amen. As the brothers take up the offering, let's just sing this to them. Say, "You are always faithful. will ever [Applause] you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are all [Music] I believe. Oh, you've already made a way. I'm running through parted away straight to you. You are always faithful. [Music] Jesus, you're for me. Oh, holding me safe. Every word you speak, say it. Every word you speak. Oh, it's a promise. It's a promise that say this firm found. Oh, it cannot be shen. [Music] I want to say my God, you never fail, never want you, never will. Oh, I believe that you are who you say you are. Oh, you'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. Oh, you are and I believe you've already made a way. Oh, I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are always faithful. Cuz I was a made to be tend in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. Oh, I was made for more. Oh, why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my Oh, I know I'm yours, Lord. I know I was made for. Oh, say it again. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by born and raised back to love. Oh, I was made from more. And why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know you. Oh, I was made [Music] and hallelujah. [Music] You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You buried my past. I'm not going back. Say hallelujah. You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise and hallelujah. [Music] Oh, you bury my past and I'm not going back. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by. Oh, born and raised back to life. Oh, I know I was made for more. Oh, and why would I make my shame when a fountain of grace? Oh, is running my way. I know I am yours. I was Oh yes, Lord. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was faithful. Oh, I know I am yours. I know I am yours. And I was made for hallelujah. Though the o may roar and the mountains be shen, I know I'm not forsaken. You are with me every step that I take. I don't have to worry. Oh, I know you're with me. Though the oions may roar and the mountains be shaken, I know. I know I'm not forsaken. You're with me every step that I take. Oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. Oh, I know you're with me. Though the oions may roll and the mountains be shen, I know I'm not forsaken. I know you're with me. Every step that I take, oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. You are with me. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating [Music] a move of God. A move. Oh, tonight say I'm expecting, [Music] anticipating. [Music] Oh, a move of God. a move of God. And I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. Hallelujah. Amen. And I trust you came expecting tonight, expecting him to be God and to move as only God can move. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer this evening. Father, Lord, we just come to you, Lord, with our hearts open to you, Lord. Just asking, Lord, that you will indeed move, Lord, in our midst. Touch hearts and lives, Father, and speak, Lord, as only you can do. We ask Lord that you would come and be the discerner, the thoughts and intents of the heart. Lord, you know our needs. You know our situations. You know our struggles, Father. You know things, Lord, we lack, where we lack in our lives. And we just ask, Lord, that you would make up for our lack today, Lord. And let your blood just surround us today. And let your spirit surround us, but not just surround us, but fill us, Lord. And fill every fiber of our being. We pray. We commit this service to you for your glory and for your honor in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You turn to second Kings if you would in your Bibles chapter 3. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Had a good time away there in Florida with Adriana and brother Ben and our little grandson. and also was able to minister there at the church there in Sarasota, bring back greetings from brother Danny and the saints there and just had a wonderful time in the Lord and amen. I'm just thankful that God's the same yesterday, today and forever and he moves in his people and he touches lives and you're thankful for that. But here tonight we want to take a thought again on unclogging the faith lines. So we just look at the scripture in chapter 3 and verse 6 says, "And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time and numbered all Israel. And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled against me. Wil thou go up against go up with me against Moab to battle." And he said, "I will go up, and I am as thou art, my people, as thy people, and my horses as thy horses." And he said, 'Which way shall we go up?' And he answered the way through the wilderness of Edom. And the king of Israel went and the king of Judah and the king of Edom and they fetched a compass of seven days journey. And there was no water for the host and for the cattle that followed them. And the king of Israel said, "Alas that the Lord hath called these three kings together to deliver them into the hand of Moab." Amen. His faith didn't last very long, did it? But Jehoshaphat said, "Is there not here a prophet of the Lord that we may inquire of the Lord by him? And of and of one of the king of the Israel's servants answered that here is Elisha which poured water out of the hands of Elijah." And Jehoshaphat said, "The word of the Lord is with him." So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom went down to him. And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, "What have I to do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay, for the Lord had called these three kings together to deliver them unto the hand of Moab. And Elisha said, as the Lord of the hosts liveth before whom I stand, surely were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee. But now bring me a minstrel. When it came to pass when the minstrel played that the hand of the Lord came upon him and he said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, make this valley full of ditches. For thus sayeth the Lord, you shall not see wind, nor shall you see rain, yet valley shall be filled with water that you may drink, both ye and your cattle and your beast. And this is but a light thing in the sight of the Lord. And he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand." Amen. and God bless you. Be seated this evening. We spoke um last time here on unclogging the faith lines just to bring it back is means to remove the barrier or obstacle that is standing in your way or disconnect or the disconnect or that has disconnected the connection of your faith to God. is to clear out anything that hinders the flow of faith to bring the word to life. And I brought it from this thought where this this thought what brother Brandon talks about. He said the only thing that hinders the human race today from being superior and controlling like he did or they did Adam did in the beginning is because that the power lines or the outlets of God made in the human being has been clogged up. Sometimes theology, sometimes church doctrines, he would say other things, time, things of life have clogged up your faith lines, clogged up your lines till you have been taught that these things can't be. And that puts a block in the way. It also things that'll clog up the faith line is of course to allow doubt and unbelief to come in and hinder your faith. And this is where we saw in our reading, Amen. And as they would walk and come to a a bit of a hard time, they automatically they the king, he was ready to return and go back. We see why because he wasn't really depending upon the true and living God, but he had raised up false idols and false gods and and had a lot of doubt and unbelief in his life. And and you know, and and also another thing that can clog up is to become complacent or stagnant in your in your spiritual walk. Amen. where where you don't pri prioritize spiritual growth and and you seek comfort over growth or you fail to self-evaluate evaluate which can lead to a blocked or stagnant faith. Now looking at this word stagnant it means it's not flowing or without inflow or out and and outflow because you can have an inflow but if there's no outflow you it's still stagnant waters or you know of course if you have just outflow then you're going to just dry up. You can actually go down we we we was there at the Dead Sea and the Dead Sea is a got a lot of minerals and things there underneath it but there's no life on the inside of it. No, no fish, nothing that can live in it because it's all salt because it just has inflow coming out or coming in, but there's nothing going out of it to keep the water pure and to keep it clean. But we know as Christians, we have not been planted in the Dead Sea or in a stagnant water, but we have been planted by the rivers of living water. This is what David would would say in Psalms 1 as as he would say, "Blessed is a man that would not, you know, I just paraphrase it would not join up with the scoffers or or the ungodly people." Amen. Not connect with them, not sit in the seat with them. You know, scoffers that say the days of miracles are passed or or the baptism of the Holy Spirit is just a makebelieve. He said, "Blessed is the man that'll not do that. Blessed is the man that'll not stand in such a place." They you can't mix two those two together. You can't mix those things. Blessed is the man who won't assemble himself into one of those things that deny the power of God. Amen. The Bible says, "Come out from among those, for the day will come when they'll be heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof. From such turn away. But blessed is the man that'll not assemble himself with scoffers or those that make fun or those that are calling the church true church of the living God a bunch of fanatics. But that man, he shall be like a tree that is planted by the rivers of waters. In other words, God has put him in a choice spot. I want you to understand this evening, you have been placed in a choice spot. Amen. To be placed in the message of the hour. to be placed, amen, where the rivers of water have flowed, amen, and can come and flow through your life and and clean out unbelief and clean out sin and clean out doubt and and clean out all these things as Satan wants to put blockages in your life. But you have been planted in a place, amen, a choice spot. And therefore, you can bring forth leaves and and you can bring forth fruit in this season. Now, watch how David worded that. He said, "This man is blessed. He has been planted." In other words, he's not just set out somewhere, but he has actually been planted. And I I want you to understand, we have been planted in good ground. Amen. In the ground of the word of God that can bring forth life and life abundant. Amen. Not and and it's rivers of water. It's not just a little trickle that we're dealing with here tonight. There's enough water to go around for everyone tonight. There's enough water that can wash through your life tonight and cleanse all the doubt and cleanse all the unbelief and cleanse it that faith can operate once again as it did in the beginning. But you know, he said a man that's a Christian that rests his eternal destination upon some denominational creed. He's not in his right place. And let me let me bring this on down because a lot of times we look at denominational creeds and we put it in Methodist or we put it in Baptist or even Pentecostal. But let me tell you there's a lot of denominational creed that's even under the opice of the message. Amen. That men have lifted up their own ideas and their own understandings over what the word of God says. Amen. And so this is where he says you're you're not not but when you rest your eternal destination upon the word. Amen. and not on some denominational creed because if it's in some creed it's not in the right place but we have been born to be free we have been born to be children of God to worship God but we've come under crees and we where we can't bring forth fruit except something inside of us is longing to do it he said but he shall be like a tree that's planted by the rivers of water rivers plural water singular many rivers coming in through one channel. Many rivers coming through one channel. Amen. You You could look at it in another light. Amen. We have been planted, Amen. in an inexhaustible fountain of God. Amen. It's not a trickle. It's not just a little drip drop. It's not just a little barely happening or barely water here enough to do anything. But God has placed us in a place where the fountains of life can flow through us and change us and wash out all the creeds and dogmas of men. Wash out scientific ideas that we put above the word of God. Wash it all out and let the waters of his spirit flow through our lives. I don't know about you, but that's what I want. I I want his clean waters flowing through me. I don't want to be in some stagnant place where I haven't seen growth or I got a lot of wiggle tails as it were. A lot of you know you you set out a bucket of water and ain't too long. Amen. You can go back over there and there'll be some little wiggle tails or little mosquito lava in there. How many ever looked at that and said, "Boy, I want a drink of that." No. Not one person in his right minds ever looked at that. I guess if you got thirsty enough, you might, but listen, we ain't We're not afforded, Amen. some bucket of water set over there. Amen. and it's just a stagnant p stagnant pool and there's no light no life in it no more and it's full of dirt and unbelief and things. Amen. That's not what we're drinking from this morning or this evening. We are drinking from the inexhaustible Here's my analysis of Christ Jesus. He's the inexhaustible fountain of life. And every man that's planted in him can drink and drink and push out, push out to every redemptive blessing that God has promised. It belongs to you and it's your personal property. Amen. Amen. Push out. That's the way a Christian is. We're planted together in Christ Jesus in a who is an inexhaustible fountain of life. We're planted in Christ. We just drink and drink and drink and push out everything we have need of for this earthly journey. Divine healing. Drink in and push out. Amen. You What is it? You drink in the scripture. You drink in the word. You drink in the presence of God. And it washes you and it washes that infection out of your body. washes that cancer out of your body. Amen. That's what you're doing. You're drinking in and you're pushing out. Amen. Divine healing, baptism. He said, "Here, you've received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're planted in Christ." The Holy Ghost baptism, everything you have need of for this life journey, even the rapture is right in you then. Hallelujah. Amen. So, what are you doing? You're going to drink in and you're going to push out a new body. Amen. That's why you can't ever get through drinking. Can't get enough of him. You can't get enough of his presence. You can't get enough of his word. You can't get enough of of him moving in your heart and life. If you find yourself in that, you're in a stagnant place right now. But he's an inexhaustible fountain here tonight to make manifest any divine promise of God to anybody that'll believe it. Yes, sir. Only thing you do is drink. Come to the fountain and drink. Drink until you're satisfied. You cannot exhaust him. Hallelujah. Amen. The saying goes, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink, right? Well, I mean, we can bring water to you tonight, but you got we can't make you drink it. Amen. It's got to be to you that says, I need a drink. I need a fresh I need a fresh drink of that Pentecostal water. I I need a fresh drink of the Holy Ghost tonight. I need a fresh drink of his word that can come and and energize my life again. Amen. You know, you can drink in your healing. You can drink in your salvation. Let him that's thirsty come and drink. But many times too many people have got their thirst quenched on other things. And they're not thirsty enough when they come to church. Come on. We thirsty enough to have a few songs. Thirsty enough to have a few moments, you know, and but but but we we ought to be ready to just drink in because he's inexhaustible. He ain't ran out. He ain't ran out of his spirit. He ain't ran out of his power. He ain't ran out of his abilities to heal and deliver. He's not run out. You cannot exhaust him. You might be exhausted tonight, but you cannot exhaust him. You know, I I hope y'all got those pictures. I sent them. I was just this week, you know, I said with u brother Danny Steamman and we went on a couple times we went on a kayak, went fishing, and uh he wanted to take me to this place and and I didn't know it, but he kind of been studying along some of these lines, too. And but uh we went into this this uh place right here. Go back go back to that first picture. And it's it it's a place that um was at one time a very beautiful beautiful area. It's a little inlet and and go go now you go to the next picture and you can see how how right there that little water that's the same picture but there's a little water there line. And so we was out there going in these kayaks and we were going down this inlet and he said I like to go out to where this he said I understand some hurricanes come through and it opened up this midnight pass they called it they call it and he said you still he said when I was a kid my dad would actually bring me to the spot and we'd fish he said but you know he said we're just paddling along talking he said you know what happened he said he said there was a couple of guys that owned that land right next to that pass on either side and the and the and that water coming out was starting to mess up their property. So, they got permission to fill it up as long as they opened up another spot, but they never did keep the other spot open. And so, as they filled up this path, go back to that other picture. And this is what it was just a few years ago was uh this looked like this. And so, just in the last couple years, these hurricanes have come through and it opened it up. And so, they saved their property. They saved, you know, what they wanted and what they desired, but they didn't care about anybody else. He said, "And we watched a a piece of water that used to be teeming with wildlife and and and and fish and everything. It become stagnant and it become full of dead leaves and and and dead matter everywhere and and you could just tell it just you couldn't even see the bottom no more. It was so dark and it just wasn't even worth fishing in anymore." He said, "But here along comes a storm and it opens out that pass again. Go to the next one." And so we got around the corner and we come around that that far bend and come up this way towards that inlet and and all the way back even all the way back into that far area was now clear water. You could see all the way down. I was just marveling at his beauty and I I'd been in those areas before and I never saw in the inlets this beautiful water like this. And I was like I was like this is amazing. You can see the bottom. You can see fish swimming everywhere. You we saw sea turtles. We saw all kinds of wildlife because of a of a place that had been opened up that was supposed to be there that nature had opened up years and years ago and water could come in and exchange and come in and go out and come in. What was it doing? It was bringing healing and deliverance. It's bringing clear waters again and new life was coming in and out. But men by their own ideas and trying to save their own little properties, they wasn't concerned about anybody around them. All they was concerned about themselves because they didn't keep their promise and open up something else somewhere else. They tried with their little little man-made deals. I read about it little they didn't even use the right equipment and they barely opened up a little trickle and and but it didn't do what that nature had done. And so here comes along a hurricane and it kind of pushes in and it makes a little entrance and along another one in the same year, I think this was last year, it came another one right down that same place and it blew open the doors and now fresh water can come back and forth and it can exchange it. And now you can see turtles, you can see fish, you can see the bottom and it ain't full of dead matter no more, but it's clear and it's wet and it's just lovely and it makes you want to shout to be honest with you when you look at it. Amen. I thought about that. Ain't that amazing? Amen. Sometimes that we we we've allowed blockages to come up in our lives and and we thought, well, well, we'll open it up over here. And if that don't work out, but the main thing, the devil has stopped the flow of the spirit of God into our lives. Amen. He'll stop it in the churches. Come on, somebody. Cuz somebody's concerned about the way they feel or how they want God to operate. But God ascend along a storm. Amen. Storms ain't always bad. Amen. Storms, Amen, are ways that God works many times. And he'll send along a storm. He'll open up that channel again. What is the idea? Not to destroy you, but to open a channel that he can orchestrate and he can work through again. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what he did with the disciples when they were out on the ocean. A storm come up. It wasn't for their destruction. It's so they could see the glory of God. Come on, somebody. Amen. You might have allowed Satan to damn something up in your life and you don't know how to unclog it. You just wait a little bit. God open it back up if it's predestinated to be open. Amen. If there's a seed of God on the inside of you, Amen. The waters are going to come somehow. Amen. Wonderful. In other words, this man in in Psalms one would be like a man that believes all the word of God where the power of God can flow. And and he said the nine spiritual gifts can flow through one God into into his innermost being. Many rivers, one water. People don't believe in shouting. He said, "The thing of it is they haven't got spiritual joy. The joy of the waters of life that can flow through." Hey, I can understand if you look like what that did look like before. You don't want to shout. You don't feel like I understand. I I'm in good lands. You can't even see the bottom. It looks It looks impossible. There ain't no life around you. I I can understand the doldrrons. I can understand. But if you can get those blockages out, Amen. And you say, "Well, I'm in a season of life." Well, listen. I understand there's seasons you go through and things, but there's also things that you do or can do to prolong your season or don't do. You can prolong your season. Amen. You You can allow things that sits there and cause you to go through dry times or or dark times or hard times, but you've allowed it to block up the flow of God. And it can't bring you that water that can clear out that that that spot in your life. and wash you again so you can feel once again the freedom of his spirit and the joy of God. He said that's what's the matter with Brandham Tabernacle because that unbelief or the cares of the world has bound people until it cannot produce spiritual growth. That's what's the matter with our nation. That's what's the matter with our churches. They have no joy. The joy of the Lord has departed. Amen. Come on now. Amen. That's direct quotes. Amen. They said and he said what happens? He says written one time the scripture kabad the presence of the Lord has departed. It's all that's over our churches because we've left off the original foundation and placed ourselves onto some creed or denomination and permitted the things of the world to dry up our experience with God. Come on somebody. dry up our experience to where the joy of the Lord is gone. We can't hardly clap our hands no more. We can't lift our hands no more. We sit in church with a sigh face. We go about life with a sigh face. Well, brother Timothy, you don't know what I'm going through. No, I don't know what you're going through, but I know what God did for you. I know what God has done for you. I know what God has touched your life. And I I've seen and witnessed the thing. I've seen how Listen, some people have to make choices. You have to make choices many times. Are you going to serve God or you not going to serve God? There's people that had to make choices over their children. Come on. Whether my child ain't going to serve God, well, as far as me in my house, I'm going to serve the Lord. Doesn't matter. I'm going to go forward with God. I'm going to I'm going to move on into his presence. I'm not going to let that thing put a dam in my in my experience and and dry it up. I'm going to allow God to move through my life and change me and and open up channels that I can go deeper in Jesus Christ. This is what happened. Brother Brandham brings it right down. And I don't mean to hurt anybody feeling, but he goes right straight to Arizona. He talks about the dry desert. He said, "Everything in the desert has a sticker on it. Little plant you come to." He said, "Don't get near any of them. It'll stick you. It always gots the stickers right out." out. He said, "What is it? What made it a sticker?" Because it's got no water. It dried up. That sticker is a leaf rolled up for the lack of water became a sticker. Thus, it is with the church today that when the church gets away from the foundation fountain of life, when the individual gets away from the fountain of life, when it gets away from the joys of salvation, when it gets away from the Lord God, then that person becomes a sticker and begins to always find fault. always find failure. Always find things and lift it up above the word of God. Amen. I don't know about I don't want to be a person that's just a sticker. Come on. I don't want to be that person that's stickly and prickly and and because I hadn't been in the waters of fountains of life. No sinner. You come up. I'm well I you know I'm tell you who I am. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Methodist. I'm a message believer. Don't talk to me about that stuff. Sticker has no fruits. She take that plant cactus, put it in the land for a few generation where it has plenty of water, that sticker will unfold, become a soft leaf. What's the matter with the church today? It's been set into a denomination that's been that's put denominational creeds and bind bound it. No joy, just a sprinkle of it now and then for a revival, a little revival here to hold it in. He said, "What what it needs to be is to come out from among the scoffers and unbelievers and be planted by the rivers of waters. For there is a fountain filled with filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's vein where sinners and unbelievers can plunge beneath the flood and lose all their guilty stain." David said that tree as planted by rivers of waters. God cannot flow himself through a cactus. No water. No. Now water represents life. We know in Moses the water wilderness he smoked the rock and it brought forth waters of life to a perishing people. And Jesus said as Moses smoke the rock in the wilderness so much must the sun be lifted up. And he was smitten. Well, why was he smitten? So his life could flow to the to the believer to make an unbeliever a believer. This is what he was doing. This is what he was showing there in the rock that followed him in the wilderness. and he smoteed him. And then the next time he was to speak to him. Amen. What was it though? It was to bring water. It was to bring life in a desert. Ain't that amazing that God would choose the hardest, most unbelievable place to get water from? That would go beyond any scientific idea or maybe even rational thinking that God would take a old rock and smite it with a rod and gushers of water would listen. That was not a trickle. It was 2 million people that got water from that rock. If it was a water, little water fountain like we got out there, a little trickle shooting up, how long would that take? And all their animals watered as well, how long would that take? It was not just a trickle. It was a gusher of a of a power coming out of that rock. What a miracle. And he said that rock followed them all the way through the wilderness. And he said he said that rock is Jesus Christ. It was showing he never runs out of water. But in this time, he's already been smitten on the cross and his blood has flowed. So it's not for us to smite him again. It's for you to speak to the rock and you speak from to it and from it flows rivers of waters. And it won't be just a trickle. We see we see though he said he he said he came that he could be planted and he was planted and his water his life broke out the blood cell and there came forth a vine with his roots in glory with his branches on earth to produce a church of the living God that would show forth his resurrection and power. Who is these men and women that would deny that church, the vine of the living God, and never the never failing presence of the Lord Jesus with his church to live and show forth his predestinated branches that he caught before the foundation of the world and swore by an oath that he had raised them up. His church today with the glory of his resurrection living in her. I am the vine, you are the branches. Every time the heartbeat of God beats, oh my, the blood flows to the members. Every time that loyal heart of God beats, it pulsates through the name of Jesus Christ to the church. It beats whatever you ask in my name. It beats and said, "I'm with you always." It beats. What is it doing? It's pulsating life to the believer. This is why we can't allow some blockage to come and block off the miracles of God, block off the signs of God, block off the gifts of God. All right. It's rivers flowing down waters to water the church of the living God. He says, he says, he says, "Brother, there is a vine growing." There's a wild vine growing. He ties it back to the death and the pot and all that. I ain't got time to go into all that, but he said it grows in creeds and denominations and when it gets in there, it shuts off all the spiritual joy. So if you ain't got spiritual joy, now I'm talking about a joy that the world can't give. I ain't talking about a human joy. I'm talking about spiritual joy. Amen. Something that ain't tied to natural things. Hallelujah. Oh, we can get all joyful about, you know, a new car, a new house, or new job. That ain't the joy I'm talking about. I'm talking about spiritual joy. That you can have it in spite of what's going on around you. That you can have joy in spite of whether anybody's serving God or anybody ain't serving God. Whether your family serving God or whether you're not serving God, whether things are going right or they're going wrong, whether you're sick or you're healed, whether you're bound or you're delivered, or whether you feel like you're in a prison or whatever, you can still have joy. It's in the scripture. Paul and Silas was in a prison one time and at midnight they begin to well, my Bible says, pray and sing psalms. They didn't begin to moan and groan and all they had, all they had done, they didn't steal nothing. They didn't rob nobody. They didn't kill nobody. They just cast out a devil. That's all they did. And of course, that messed up the people's gang, you know, is getting money from that because she was divining stuff and doing stuff and and and and she was aggravating Paul. And he just turned around and said, "Come out of her." And they lost their gain. So they got angry and they throwed them in jail and beat them. beat the, as we'd say, the fool out of them or the snot out of them. However you want to say it, I don't care. Just beat them to the pulp. And there they are bleeding in and stripes. But they didn't sit there and moan and groan and no, they had chains, but they was clapping. They were bound, but they had their hands raised. Why? Because their joy was not based upon their place where they were at upon this earth or some temporary thing. Everything that you're going through in this life is temporary. If you're in a trial, it's temporary. If you're in sickness, it's a temporary thing. So don't get all bound up over temporary stuff when you got something to be joyful about that God saw you and he didn't leave you where he found you, but he picked you up out of the mud and he washed you and he filled you with his spirit and said, "This is my son." Amen. That's something to be joyful about. But blockages come along. Things happen. Something kills the lifeline. You see people wreck today because one day they they might have had a little joy in church. And I want you to understand, I'm not even talking about just a jump in a shout. I'm talking about being able to praise God with all your heart. in spite of the storm. Because you know in the storm, he's doing nothing but opening up a channel. He's opening up a place that he can minister to you in a greater way and a deeper way. That's what he did the three Hebrew children. The fire was nothing but a storm to open up a channel. The lion's den was nothing but a storm to open up a channel. I ain't felling bump my head, have I? It's the truth, right? Amen. You couldn't have had the fourth man without the fire. We all glory on the fourth man. And we do. I love the fourth man, and I want the fourth man, but you'll not get him unless you go through a fire. Amen. We all glory in the angels of God, but it's the lines that are around you that brings them near. It opens up a channel. All right. This is what he's trying to do in in these services time after time. He's trying to open up a channel to show you it's more than just living in Leodysia. He's trying to blow that that lukewarm spirit that wants to permeate our lives and permeate our thoughts. I mean, it's permeated people's thoughts so they can't even think rationally no more. We talked about it last Sunday how people have got so permeated with the smoke and of Leo of the of the pit and the and the lukewarmness of Leo. Look, just read it. I mean, they're blind, naked, and they don't even know it. Wretched. They don't even know it. That's an insane person. Is it not insane person that doesn't know they're naked? Doesn't know they're blind. Doesn't know they're wretched. That's an insane person. But thank God the story did not end right there. But he said, "I got something that'll open up a channel. I got an eyes that you can have. I got true gold that you can buy me out of the fire. I I I got a overcomer that's going to overcome and sit with me in my throne as I overcame and sit with my father in his throne." It's opening up a channel. We talked about this last time about the car. Brother Brandom, he said, "Our educational systems and our denominational systems has taken the place of the Holy Spirit leading in the church. Our great fine training of ministers and things have taken the place of all night prayer meetings and oldtime wave. We used to get to God. Now instead of having preachers, we got lectures. Men who knows the word just as well. They can sit there and put it together in such a way that it's astounding how they can do it. They know the mechanics, but they don't know the dynamics. We want the dynamics. I don't care about the mechanics. That's what he said. I don't care about the mechanics. I want the I know the dynamics. I don't know how the car runs out there. I got piss got pistons and and cylinders and I don't know how much pressure it has to have or what has to work just exactly right. I'm with him. I That's one thing I ain't as a mechanic. I can't stand doing it. No sir. I don't know nothing about it. I don't know how it operates. I've tried till it turned blue in my face. said, 'Forget it. Find somebody who knows something about it. He said, 'But I don't need to know all about that. Only thing I want to know is when I put the key in there and turn it, it's going to start. There's dynamics. You put it in there and she'll drive. That's the way we know God made the promise. I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and daughters shall prophesy. How's he going to do it? I can't tell you. I just want to know the dynamics of God's system. That's the main thing. Today we've studied the mechanics until it's all mechanical. This is where we're at. We've studied all the things. It's all mechanical. We know all the quotes. We know all the scriptures. But we got to have a life that'll make that scripture live. It'll make it become flesh and stand there and cast out demons and speak the winds and waves of this life. What good is an automobile without something in it to drive? What good is all these light fixtures that ain't no current to make them light up? We got all the mechanics. We got schools and educators and so forth that can train a man till he can stand in the pull pit with such manners till he's an eloquent person that still don't bring the power of God. Where is the power of God that used to be in the church? Where is that Pentecostal blessing that used to flow through the churches? That's the reason our world is falling apart because we got away from the real principles of God. That's a key right there. Write it down and nail it on the wall or put it on your fridge. If your world is falling apart, you've got away from the principles of God. Well, brother Tim, I tell Timothy, my world is just falling apart. Well, you need to see what's blocking your channel. Where is the blockage at? And if you can get it and you find it, you need to get it out. Whether it be bitterness or unforgiveness or some complex. Well, I tell you what, if I was just somewhere else, I could do so much better. No, what you need to do is get in the word of God. Get in his presence, get in his spirit. But too many times we follow after other things so hard. I was just thinking today, you know, just a random thought is having. And I said, "People got so tore up over mask or no mask, didn't they?" Do y'all remember that? Just tore up and silly about it. But they didn't they don't get near tore up about sin or no sin. That's that rings pretty good, don't it? Well, I mean, we just got all tore up. Wouldn't even come to church because we're going to not wear mask or not wear mask. But boy, we'll no sin. Sin sin. No sin. It don't matter. Walking around with bitterness, no bitterness, don't matter. Unforgiveness, no forgiveness, unforgiven, it don't matter. Come on. There's things that are ch the devil is plugged up that we got to get open. We got to get it open. If you got some against your brother, get it open. What brother Brandham talked about. He said, "Don't delay. Go right to him right now and talk about it. Ask for forgiveness. Move on. I I just tell you personal testimony. It's kind of ironic today. I drove right by this house. It was several years ago, you know, that I I seen they was building a little shed in the back of his house and I seen they had some people out and I wanted to I think brother Joseph Lelay was with me and and I just wanted to talk with this guy and see who he got to build and what you know try because I was wanting to build a barn and or something we was doing. And so I I just whipped down in there and I saw where they drove right down to that barn. So I drove right in their same tracks. But I got out and I got myself a fussing. Uh sure enough chewing. What do you think you are driving on my grass and just went off and I you know I said sorry about your day. I get back my truck and I left. But you know I'd ride by that house like that. Sorry joker. What in the world is his problem? I I ought to just go talk to him about this. It's burning me up. But you know, today when I drove by there, I thought, you know what? I'm tired of worrying about this guy. I said, "Lord, forgive me about that." And just forgive him, too. If he needs forgiven, let it just let it all go. Why? Why are we worried about it? Why let it run your day or your years or your weeks, whatever? And people have carried things for so long and it's blockages that has sat there and sat there and all it is is withering themselves up. It's choking the very life of God to where it can't come down and wash them out again. People carry things and and sometimes it's their own personalities are channeled that way. Some people are real easy to let things go. Some people are ain't. But if you ain't, you know what brother said? you got a complex. He said, "Do exactly the opposite." So, what do you do? You're just going to start letting it go. I'm done with it. I'm finished. I'm going to go over there. I make that right. I'm going go over here. Open the channels up. Amen. So, that clean water can come through again. And you can see the bottom again. You can see life again. You can see God moving in your life again. You can see God orchestrating again. But you're never going to see it if your waters are all muddy and tore up, full of dead stuff. Yeah. This is where we read our scripture. Prophet of God sitting there and I like how brother was talking about. He said he kind of got his righteous indignation up. Looked out there and seen this king. He wouldn't listen wouldn't listen to him before. So why is he coming to him now? Yeah. Yeah. He's a man. You know, pastors are men too sometimes. We get tore up sometimes, you know, people. I I was talking to one today. Uh you I told him, I said, you know, you can't make everybody live right. It ain't possible. You can't make nobody live right. You can't make nobody believe it. I don't care how much you preach. You preach to your blue in the face. You can't make nobody do it. Is they have to make the choice. Amen. But he gets so tore up and he's worried about this situation that was wanting to throw in the towel. I just happened to send him a little text today. Just had him come on my heart. Sent him. He said, 'You don't know what this is right now. He said, 'If I I'd call you right now.' He said, 'But I just prayed I'd just break apart and tear tear up. Few minutes later, he'd call me and we'd talk about it. You know, people people, you know, they they they want your advice and they get it sometimes and then they go do exactly the opposite and it tears everything up and they and they come back and they want you to fix it all. What they tore up in five minutes, you know, and it don't work all and it's where the prophet was. He's like, "If that man Jehoshaphat wasn't here, I wouldn't even speak to you." He said, "But if you'll just bring me a minstrel and they brought him an instrument and begin to play the minstrel and the atmosphere changed. There was a channel that opened. This is why it's important to have singing and songs and worship. Amen. And why it's important for you to join in because it opens up a channel. Amen. You might come here in a tiff. Anybody ever in a tiff when they come to church? Oh yeah. Get in a tiff. That's that's exactly when the devil's going to stir some stuff up on your way to church and you start in an argument and you come in. I'm going to tell you what I ain't going to do. But that's why we have it. That's why we That's why we want the spirit in the songs. That's why we want the anointing in the worship. That's That's why we fight for it. That's why we will fight for it. Amen. That's why we'll fight for the presence of God to come down. Why? Because we know there has to be a channel to be opened up that God can flow down through. If there ain't that channel opened up, there ain't no sense in us sitting here. But I believe by the presence of God and the worship and you just move into the other place like Elisha did and said, "You know what? Bring me something." And brother Rabbit said, "You may not know how to play the piano. You may not be one of the singers." He said, "But be so do something to bring the spirit of God down." Amen. He said he got up in that other channel and he saw a vision. He tells him, he says, "Go out in the desert and start digging some ditches." Now, that was crazy. And then water's going to come. Said, "Not going to see no wind, no rain, but water's going." To the human mind, that's don't make sense, right? But this ain't about the human mind. It's about God's mind. And here he is and he speaks to him and he sends them out there and they start digging it out. And brother Brandon said, "That's the vision today. Don't start a new organization. Don't start a new idea. Dig out the things that are stopping up the blessings of God, stopping up the the power of God, stopping up God from moving in your life. Dig it out. It's when those things come in and it stops up the flow of water. Elijah's vision showed him that out in the wilderness where all the fruits were dried up in that desert. God was going to open up a channel that water could come in. And he said, "What happened?" He said, "Rocks got over that and sand got over that and it built over over that bedrock that was laying down there in the earth." And he said that rock was the same rock that followed them through the wilderness. Come on, somebody. But it had been covered over by unbelief. Sands of doctrines had blowed through and it covered it all up. And it took somebody that would dig down enough and dig down all the doubt and past all the unbelief, past all the all the old ideas and say, you know what? Tonight, I'm digging back down to that rock. Because if I know I can get to that rock, I can quench thy thirst that's going on inside of me. He said, "But those lo logs get in the channels, all kinds of dirt hits up against the log and first thing you know, it's backed up." He said, "Just like beavers do. They they build dams. You know, it's how they make them. They bring mud and sticks and they they can build a dam quicker than anybody. It's incredible." But he says, "And there'd be nothing go through it." He said, "That's the problem. We got too many beaver preachers today trying to dam up all the water and say, "Well, this only here and this is just over here and this belongs to us." Sounds like them two guys, right? We we want to protect what we got. We want to we don't need that. We we want this over here. He said, "What is it?" He said, "And then and then all of a sudden, days of miracles are passed. There's no such a thing as divine healing. Can't sit still five minutes in a meeting." Goodness, stagnated water, beaver dam. Blow it out. Amen. Blow it out. What am I going to blow it out with? With the dynamics of the word. Amen. There's some dynamite that's been afforded us in this day to place against those dams. It can place against that dam of bitterness and blow it out. It can place against that complex and blow it out. Dig out all those logs. Dig out all those feelings. Dig out all those hurts. Dig out all those fanaticisms and everything else that's in the church. Clean it out. The rocks already been smitten. The water's down there. It's fresh and running. But our ecclesiastical systems has damned up the streams. He said, "Clean those things out. You won't hear rushing wind. You won't hear neither wind nor see rain, but there'll be water." Not a new system. Not a new system. We need we need a what we need is to clean out the system we got. Not make another assembly of God or another oneness or another brand of the message. Just clean out what we got. Get all the logs out, all the indifferences and differences that we have with each other, fussing and stewing and things like that and get back the waters to flowing again. Then there'll be love and joy. Joy like a river flowing all over body. Just love one another. We're not divided. We're one body. One in hope, one in doctrine, one in charity. That's the way we must do it. That is the idea. That is the vision of today. And he said any true prophet got the same vision. Not a new organization, not make another group. You'll just fuss it out and organize it. Get just like the rest of it. You'll throw logs in there. Also, you know, he said when I started out, he said they he told me, he said, "You ought to start up an organization." I said, "Organization?" He said, "That's what I'm against. What we need is not organization. We need to clean up what we got. Clean it up. We need a revival. But to get that, you're going to have to dig. Digging ain't real easy. No, you got to do it yourself. Can't go get you excavator. Got to get your hands dirty. Got to get down there with a shovel of the word of God. Start digging out those things that if you have allowed to cover up your life. You know, I I may not know, but preachers may not know, but you know what it is that is keeping the flow of water, keeping God's power from flowing through your life. Dig out all the ditches. Get down here in the valley. He said, he said, "You've been trying to just live on the housetop up there some, you know, shouting and jumping, freezing and frying, everything else. Don't do that. Get down here and dig out these ditches low here and get some fresh water. That's what we need. Get down here and get a hold of water. What we need tonight is the water of God. The vision absolutely interpreted God's will to that dying, perishing people. Dig out all your faultf finding. Dig out all your backbiting. Dig out that stiff neck and all those superstition and unbelief and complexes. Pull it out. He said, "It's either dig or die." He said, "But when you dig down and you hit that rock, you'll see water flowing again. You'll see God moving like he did before. You'll see signs and wonders. You'll see miracles and the power of God returning to the church in a real flowing Pentecostal water just coming down." Yes, sir. The spirit's message was start digging or start perishing. They were already perishing. They had to dig out. Those things had to come up, but they'd hit a log. Well, I tell you what, I the doctor said that, "Dig that old log out." Well, I got this sickness. Dig that log out. Well, I got this unbelief. Dig it out. Next morning, they looked up and there was water filled up all of those ditches. The enemy looked at it and saw blood. Got all scared and worried. Brother Brandham said what they did is they got those rocks, that rock, and drank of that water and gained strength and they took that rock and they ran to where that enemies were and they drove them back in their cities and they destroyed their wells and they destroyed them. He said, "What did they do?" They took that living water, that rock down from that place down in the depths of down way down there and they got him a rock of testimony. Come on, somebody. If you dig down enough, you'll get a testimony. You'll get something that God has done for you, and you'll get changed in your mind and your thoughts and everything about you, and you'll grab a rock of testimony. He said, "What did they do?" He said, "They went back and they stopped up those whales of their enemy." Come on, church of the living God. It's time we take our digging and dig and dig until we get the channels of God opened up enough that his power can rain through every life, rain through every heart. And you can grab a rock of testimony and you can go stop up that well of that lying devil. That devil that says you're not going to make it. Stop it up. That devil has said the message ain't for you. Stop it up. That me that devil that says you're never going to get well. Stop it up. Stop up them old for old dog whales and fill it with the power of almighty God. But whatever you do, get to the rock. Get to the place where water can flow through your life. Get to the place where you can see. Again, you see past your complexes. It's a problem with a lot of people. They can't see past complexes and they can't see past things and happened in their life and they judge everything by the past. Get all get rid of it. dig it up, throw it out so God can fill it back up with fresh water. He can come bring that picture back up with that water. He can bring it back up and he can open up a channel in your life. The next one open up a channel in your life to where that clear you can see all the way down there. You can see the sand down there in that picture. All the way up, you can see it. Amen. Animals flowing through there. There's a one just taken recently of that water purifying that bay again and bringing new life. This is what God's wanting to do to you. Brother Brandon would bring it like this. He said, he said, you know, he said like an old, like I said to a person one time, he said, it's like an old stopped up pipe. You but you got to run a little wire through it and you get a hold of a wire and you zig it a little bit. You ever done that? get something stopped up, maybe a drain or something. You start zigging in there, you know, jagging it back and forth till you can grab a hold of that old hair ball, that old hair ball, and pull it out. How many's ever done that? I know we got some plumbers here's done it. That's nasty. But that ain't near as nasty as what's so in some of our drains. Things we've allowed to sit there and clog up and and we can't even hardly worship God no more. We can't hardly praise him no more. We can't even hardly live lift our heads no more. Situations that we've allowed through the past years to haunt us and haunt us and haunt us. It's time to grab a wire. Start zigging a little bit. Start moving back and forth. It's time to start lifting your hand up. This is what you're doing when you're praising God. It ain't just, well, I tell you what, I ain't going to lift my hand when they say lift my hand. Well, you need to need to get past that complex. Amen. It ain't all about a man telling you what to do. It's about him encouraging you to get past yourself and lift your hand up anyhow. Whether you feel like lifting it up or not, whether you want to or not, I'm going to praise God. I'm not praising because somebody said, "I'm going to praise in spite of it all." Start zigging a little bit. There's a great flow of water trying to get through, but you zig and you zig and you can't get get through it, but you know there's something in there. You can feel it. It's something on the other end. Then after a while, you get a hold of something. You give it a great big pull and woo goes the water through the pipe, blows out the B blockages and everything, cleans it all out. He said, "That's the way the Holy Spirit is. Sin will stop pipes. Cares of life will stop it up." And you'll sit back and say, "Well, I'm timid. You know, I can't say that. I'm afraid people will think that I'm a holy road. I can't do that." But you feel that little tugging of the spirit. You want more than life. You want it more than life. You want it more than your own life. It means more to you. I got to have it or I'm going to die. He said, "That's it." You pull that cork out and woo, here she come free as it can be. He said, "I don't care what president sitting here, who's sitting here." He'll shout out, "Glory to God." And just like Peter on them on the back there behind the Pentecost hide and look out the door real easy and see if them Jews are out there. No one was there, but they were scared to death. But all of a sudden they got in one mind and one accord and they started jigging in the right spot and up opened a channel and the winds of the Holy Ghost filled that place and it filled their lives and they walked out of there screaming and shouting and speaking in tongues. He said, "When that cork was pulled and the spirit of God be to flow through them," he said into Peter, he said, "You men of Judea and you that dwell in Jerusalem, let it be known unto you and hearken to me. This that this be known unto you. These are not drunk as you suppose, for it's just a third hour today." But this is that the prophet Joel. This is the channel that was promised. And that channel is still afforded to us today. Amen. I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. What difference does it make what anybody thinks? It matters what he says. I just need to open the channel and let him through and let Christ have the right away in my life. Is that your desire tonight? Do you want to bring that picture back up? Do you want to be like that first picture? Just stagnant, nasty water. I I wish you could really see. That picture don't even really do it justice to what those those areas can look like. Just you can't two foot deep or less and you can't even see it. Stagnant. And right on the other side of that barrier, beautiful clear water. Right on the other side of that is life. right on the other side of that. But then all of a sudden things can be opened up and it can change and life can flow down through the body. That's what I want. It's what I desire for this church. That's what I know the ministry desires of this church. It's not about us or who we are. It's about him. And it's about his heartbeat pulsating and the blood flowing through every fiber of every person and every body. No, we can't make you drink, but I invite you to. I invite you to drink from the waters of life tonight. You say, "Well, I've had a drink." Well, there's more. There's more. Let's bow our hearts tonight. Midnight pass. There's been a midnight cry. How many sees yourself maybe been chasing after the wrong thing? I ain't even talking about sinful things. Hope we're past that. But if it is that, repent. But just things of life, chasing after careers or chasing after a mate, chasing after whatever little things happen, it dams up. Where used to be free, free to worship and praise him and glorify his name, there's a little squeeze that comes in to choke it off. begins to pull down and you feel like sometimes it's just choking you out. That's what it's trying to do. Like when them pythons gets around a a life and it just starts squeezing. Take a breath, it squeezes harder. Take a breath, they squeeze hard till it squeezes the very life out. [Music] But there's a power here to clean out the channels, [Music] to clean out that spot. Brother Timothy, I just want to tonight I just want to renew my love with to the Lord. I just want to start there. here. I I want to just say, Lord, I I want to just open up that channel again. That place, Lord, where I used to have that real love affair with you and commune with you and talk with you. That time when you first put your arms around me and I found out I'm not a sinner. I'm a son or I'm a daughter of God. But Satan's come and he's tried to choke out that joy. I just need a renewing in my life. I need a renewing in my spirit. I need a renewing. He's here to do that for you. He's here to open up the channels, but you're going to have to zigg a little bit. But to zigg, you know what the blockage is. You know what causes it. What? What is Maybe it's self-reliance. Maybe you've been relying on yourself so much and well, I'll figure it out. I maybe it's something that's been passed down through generations and just that thing that wants to sit on your life and control you and rises up and it just chokes you again and pulls you down again. God wants to open a channel tonight in your heart. lift you back up. Let those waters flow through where the life and the joy of God can come down and move in that place again and waves, ripples, and fresh sand and fresh anointing and fresh spirit of God pouring down in your life. That's what he wants to do. [Music] Well, I may just be be honest between you and God. Not to me, but to God. And just, Lord, I need to open up some channels. I I need to open them up tonight. I help me, Lord. Help me. Grant it, Father. Lord Jesus. Maybe not exactly the way I thought things would go tonight, but Lord, it's not how I think or how I want or desire. It's what you want. Lord Jesus, I just ask Father that Lord if there be any backbiting among us, gossip among us, hurtful things among us, Lord, that those things would be made right and channels be opened up, clogs come out, Lord, if there be hurts, they can be resolved tonight by the presence of Almighty God. [Music] Lord that they can be just maybe Lord I'm sorry go up or Father sorry to apologize to the person that been hurt or whatever Lord but God may we just open up those channels that that fresh water of your spirit can move through again. God grant it. I pray. Sometimes Satan gets us to thinking, Lord, that we're just we're not in the right place. We're not in the right spot. We're not But Lord, you planted us by the fountains of living waters. Lord, you planted us, Lord, that we can grow and bloom and blossom. You planted us, Lord, where we could seek first ye first the kingdom of God and all these other things to be added to us, Lord. Oh God, may we see, Lord, there's potential laying there. If we just drink in the presence of God and drink in your word and drink in, Lord, what you have for us, every promise of God for this time, and this hour, bless the hands that were lifted all over this building, honest hearts, Lord. Lord, my hand lifted as well. Lord, see channels in my life I need to open up. I've allowed other things to clog them up and I've allowed it to sit there and Lord, I don't want no stagnant waters, but Lord, I want the freshness of your spirit, Lord, moving, the freshness of your anointing moving, Lord, and my life, Father, my home, my family. Grant it, Lord. I pray. May you just move now in every heart. May they just begin to zigg Lord. Whatever they do, may they not leave another moment, Lord, with that clog there and damn up the presence of God in their life. Allow that hurt to sit there and be pre take prereeminence over you, Lord, in your word. Lord, may it be removed tonight by the presence of God. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I need Oh Jesus, to worship, oh Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I [Music] Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, right now. Oh, yes, Lord. Right now. I need you to, Lord. Need you, Lord. Oh, right now. I lift my hands. Oh, I bow my knees. I want to worship you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] Yes, Jesus. Oh, I need you. I need you. Yes, Lord. I need you right now. Oh, I need you. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. Oh, thank you, Lord. worship at your throne. I need you Lord right now. Oh yes, Lord. I need you. Oh, do you need him tonight? Hallelujah. Lord, I need you. I need you right now. Lift my hands. My knees to worship and your throne. your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Healing is here. [Music] Oh, healing is here. Oh, healing is here. [Music] And I receive it. Oh, healing. Yes, healing is here. Hallelujah. Healing is here. Oh, healing is here. Oh, and I believe it. Healing is here. Healing is here. Yes, Lord. Healing is here. Oh, healing is here. Oh, yes, Lord. And I receive it. Healing is here. Oh, healing is here. Hallelujah, Jesus. Healing is here. Yes, Lord. Healing is here. And I believe it, Lord. I believe it. And I believe it. So I lift my hands. Hallelujah. So I lift my hands to you. Oh, to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my heaven Oh, there's a channel there. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. I lift my hands. Oh, I lift my hands to you. Oh, to the heavens. I lift my eyes. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Oh, and sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out fear. Oh, and you are the God of all power. And it is your will that my life is healed. Oh, sickness can't stay any longer. And your perfect love is casting out fear. And you are the God of all power and it is your will. Say sickness can't stay. Oh sickness can't stay any long. Oh, your perfect love is casting out fear. And you are the God of all power. Oh, it is your will. So I lift my hands. I lift my hands. to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Oh, sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God of all power. And it is your will that my love is healed. Say Satan can't stay. Oh, Satan can't stay any longer. And your perfect love is casting out fear. Oh, you are the God of all power and it is your will that my life is seen. Oh, I know that Satan can't stay any longer. Oh, your perfect love is casting out fear. I know that you are the God of all power. Oh, it is your will. So I lift my hands, I lift my hands, oh to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. And I look to you, my rock, my heel. Oh, I trust in. Say it again. I lift my hands and I lift my hands, oh, to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. Oh, I look to you, my rock, my healer, and I trust in you. [Music] Oh, he who makes a way where there ain't no way, rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Oh, his love is strong and is great. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an end. Oh, ain't no sinner that he can. Oh, let me tell you. Oh, his love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus and let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who could wipe away the tears from the broken and tell the past to disappear? Oh, my Jesus in all the wrong turns that you would go and undo. If you could, who can work it out for your good? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. He rises up. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about I know his love is strong. Oh, the good news is can do for you for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to car? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Your shame and all stealing. And you're desperate for some healing. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes Yes. He makes a way where there ain't no rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong. Oh, the good news is I know that he will do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. This is where the walls shake. This is where the ground quakes. This will be your jailbreak. Praise opens prison. Feel those chains get looser. Feel your joy get truer. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise opens prison. And this is where the wall shake. This is where the ground pray. This will be your jail break. Praise opens prison. Feel the chains get looser. [Music] Oh glory. Say praise. Sing it now. This is where the wall shake. This will be your ground. Oh, this will be your jail break. Praise opens prison and feel the chains get looser. Feel your joy get truer. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise open. Say it again. This is where the wall shake. This will be the ground. This will be your jail break. Praise opens prison. Feel the chains get looseer. Feel your joy get trueer. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, praise open prison. Glory hallelujah. Praise opens prison. Oh, praise opens free. Oh, sing it again. This is where the walls shake. This is where the crowd quakes. This will be your jail break. Praise open prison. Feel the chains get looser. Feel the joy get high. Hallelujah. Praise. Said it again. This will be your God in this ground. [Applause] Praise opens prison. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. Raise up his praise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. [Applause] opens prison. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I shall not want. I shall not want. Oh, my cup runth over, runth over, and I shall not want. I shall not want. I shall not want. Oh, my soul's got a shepherd in the valley, and I shall not want. Cuz I've got goodness and I've got a mercy. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. I've got goodness and I've got mercy. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh glory halleluah. And he anoints me. Oh anoints me with his oil. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory hallelujah. Now my cup. Oh, can you say it's running over? Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Say hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halle. Oh yes. Glory. Hallelujah. I will fear no. Say I will fear no. I'll fear no evil. Oh hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. I will dwell in your house forever. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory. I've got goodness. Say I've got goodness. Oh and I got mercy. Holly. [Music] Oh yes, I got goodness. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Say it again. I've got goodness. I've got goodness. Oh, and I've got mercy. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes, I've got goodness. Oh, and I've got mercy. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Say hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh hallelu. Hallelu. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You've got goodness. Amen. And mercy. Amen. Keep. Amen. We have to have Sister Rebecca help me again. Jesus blinded all my darkness. Let my heart is in. His grace and mercy lit a passion consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop. Oh I shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. Oh, I will not hide. Oh, say I've been touched by your fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shouting from the rooftops, shouting till the Say I've been touched and I've been touched by your fire. Oh, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from Oh, shout it. Oh, just open the channels tonight. Say, I cannot I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold it inside. Say this holy fire. One more time. I can't. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot [Music] say I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shouting to everyone. I've been touched and I've been touched by your fire [Music] and watch me. Shout it. Shout it from the rooftops. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. [Music] Everyone has. Amen. Amen. If you want to be dismissed, you're welcome to do so. Just keep singing a few more songs as you go. If you want to worship, if you want to pray. Amen. Do as you feel, but you're welcome to be dismissed at this time. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold you inside. I cannot keep it. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning. I've been touched. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So let go and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. left the world counting.
