################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - The Mountain Movers: Adopted Sons - The Power of the Blood (Bro. Tim Pruitt on March 30, 2025) - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   The Mountain Movers: Adopted Sons - The Power of the Blood (Bro. Tim Pruitt on March 30, 2025)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5m_2wBPaCo
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heyoo. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You want to be [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's sing the first verse if we could this morning. You unravel me with the meloy. You surround me with a song of [Music] deliverance till all my fears are gone. I want to sing it again. You unravel me. with a [Music] melody. Surround me with a song of deliverance from mine enies. Oh, till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my [Music] name. To your family. Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. Oh, sing it this morning. You rescued me so I could stand and say I am a child of God. You split the sea. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. I'll say I am a child of God. I am a child of God. Oh yes, I am. I [Music] am. Oh yes, I am a child of [Music] God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. I pledge allegiance to the land. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. I pledge alce. I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge aliance to the lamb. I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tyrant throne. They were told that he would spare their lives. if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God they would not deny. Like a great angelic choir sing. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alce to the lamb. Yes, Lord. All I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge allegiance to the lamb, to the lamb of God, who bore my shame, who took my place, who bore my pain. I will sing to honor his command. I pledge al Oh, could we stand this morning and sing it? I pledge aliance. I pledge alce to the lamb. All my strength with all that I am, I will sing to honor his command. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see what the Lord has done. Oh, sing it again now. Let the weak say I. Oh, is anyone weak this morning? Is anyone brokenhearted or down this morning? Oh, let the Lord minister to you today. [Music] Hosana. [Applause] Hosanana. Oh, just inviting this morning recognizing his presence. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again into the river. There my sins are washed away of the heavens. Mercy s. Oh hosana. [Music] Hosana to the lamb. [Music] [Applause] Ohana, hosana. Jesus dies and rose again. And I will rise from into the saving arms of God. I will sing salvation song. Jesus Christ has died free. [Applause] Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus guide and oh let the weak say I'm strong. Let the poor say I'm rich. Let the poor say I can see what the Lord has done in me. [Music] In peace like a river attended my way. When sorrows my pills roll, [Applause] whatever thou has called me to [Applause] say, it is Well, [Music] my [Music] soul, though Satan should buff it, though trials should come, let this Oh, has he given you blessed assurance. Oh, that Christ has regarded. Hallelujah. That Christ passed. Oh, I was hopeless. My whole blessed and has shed his own blood for my soul. I can sing that it is well. Oh, with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. I love this verse. Now my sin, oh the bless. Oh, what a glorious song. [Music] Oh my sin not in part but the [Applause] heart is to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. I say it is well. It is well. With my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] Oh Lord, haste the day when my faith my faith shall be [Music] sil back as a scroll. Yes, Lord. Oh, found the trump the trumpet. For the Lord, he shall descend. Even so, it is well with my soul. My Lord, it is for thee. It's for thy coming. We wait for the sky. Now the praise is our Lord. Have you heard it? Oh, the shout of the angel. The voice of the Lord. There's a rest. Oh my soul. It is well. my soul. It is well, it is well with Oh, just lift your hands to him this morning. It is well. his way with my [Music] soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. All the sisters, blend your voices this morning. [Music] Oh, isn't that beautiful, brothers? Let's sing it now. [Music] Yes, Lord. My soul is well. [Music] Oh, it's one great angelic choir. Let's sing it now. It is well with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord for the testimony that we have Lord. The assurance that you've given us. Hallelujah. What a blessed hope. Hallelujah. You sound wonderful this morning. Amen. God bless you. It's wonderful to be gathered together in the house of the Lord. Bring our little licks of fire together. Oh, let's see what God can do. Amen. If one can put a flight, if two can put a flight, how do we stand this morning? Defeated, but we're undefeated. Amen. Because we have one standing in ourstead. Amen. One who is victorious. Amen. We want to remember the ministering brothers that are at the camp this morning. Brother Timothy is up there ministering and different ones that have gone to support the meetings up there. So we just pray that God has been pouring out his blessings to them. Amen. His arm is never too short. He won't forget us here at Evening Light Tabernacle this morning. Ask brother Aaron to come and lead us in prayer this morning. We do have a couple of requests. Um sister Jeanie askked that we pray for uh brother Kenny. Amen. And uh brother Jonathan Middleton writes in a request. He's needing a touch this morning as well. And uh Zach and Zeke and Railen need prayer this morning. They're uh dealing with some asthma conditions, but we know that that's just a devil. Tries to take the things that God made, which is vegetation and pollen and things, and anoint something in ourselves that he thinks, Satan thinks that he's got one over on us. Well, the prophet exposed that and said that's nothing but a devil. So, we'll cast that spirit out and we'll move on. Amen. God bless you this morning. Brother Erin, if you could come, we appreciate it. Let's also remember all those that will be traveling home from that camp today with the storms and things that are expected this evening that Lord, just give them all traveling mercies. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're just always so grateful to have another opportunity, Lord, to gather, Lord, not only with your people, but Lord, to gather, Lord, around, Lord, the revealed word of the hour, knowing that you promised, Lord, that you would be in our midst this morning, Lord. So, we already know that this gathering is not in vain, Lord, but we have an opportunity this morning to enter into your courts, Lord, the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. and we just want to come give you praise, Lord, and elevate your name and lift up your name, Lord, for you are so worthy of it, Father. Lord, you're just so good to us. And we just thank you, Lord, for the way you moved in this place Wednesday night, Lord. The way you've moved at the camp in Oklahoma, Lord. And we are so grateful for those things. And yet, Lord, we've gathered again this morning to receive more of you, Lord. Lord, to see the word of life broke off once again and handed to us and distributed, Lord, in a way that only you can, Lord, to where each person gets the portion that they need, Father. And I I just pray this morning that none of us will be bashful, but we'll step right up and we'll take our portion, Lord. We'll apply it to our lives, Father. Lord, I'm just thanking you, Lord, just knowing what you're going to do and what you've done. And we're just under great expectations, Father, this morning, Lord, that that the word will be revealed to our hearts, Father. And we're we're asking for a special anointing, Lord, not only on the speaker, although that's needed, Father, but we also want an anointing on our ears, Father, that that the word can can work on both ends and take full effect in our lives, Lord, because we don't want to just be guilty, Father, today of just being hearers, but Lord, we want the word to change our lives, Father. We want to be doers of the word this morning, Father. So, we invite you into this place. We ask you to have free reign, Lord. Lord, I pray you would drive out any hindrance, Lord. Any weariness, any worry, anything that would stand before your spirit, move in the way that you would want it to move in this service today, Father. Lord, we just commit all the requests that were read for for Uncle Kenny and brother Jonathan and and Lord, the the the children there dealing with the aszmatic conditions, Father. Lord, as our brothers already said, we know our God reigns over all those things. And we know Lord right now that we can just ask the healing angel of God to begin to move down in those places, in those homes, Lord, through those situations this morning, Lord, and just move in a mighty way. Lord, you're still the healer. We've seen it time after time, Lord. The enemy comes and tries to bring doubt and fear, but Lord, we can look in this very congregation and see miracle after miracle after miracle. And we give you thanks for it this morning. We give you praise, Lord. And we're standing on your word today because your promises are the truth, Father. So we invite you to come and move in our lives, in our hearts, and fulfill your word in our midst today. We pray, Father. Lord, just take control of every aspect of this service, Lord. From the songs, the worship, the ti, the offerings, Lord. May everything go to lift up your kingdom, Lord, and to tear down Satan's kingdom this morning, Father. Lord, I pray for our youth and the the adults and all those that have gathered in Oklahoma. Lord, there'll be many going home to different states and traveling different directions this morning, this evening. Lord, I'm asking that you'll just go before them. Lord, drive back the storms and give them traveling mercies. We pray, Lord, that they can just return safely to their homes. Lord, we'll be careful to give you all the glory for it this morning, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. [Music] Amen. Amen. as the brothers received the offering this morning and the tithes. We appreciate that. Key of G all the way. Going all the way. Amen. Are you happy this morning? All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I believe. Well, I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I'll make my choice. Oh, sing now. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going to I'm going all the way. [Music] And I'm going all the way. I'm draw the line. I'm going all the way. Or I'm going all the way. No turning back. No turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Amen. We'll let you have your seats this morning. Amen. How many's thankful for the cross? Amen. The cross is where it all started for us. Amen. He's made a way for us. Made a way back. There was no way back, but he made a way. Amen. Let's sing this together. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the price. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and you gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love. [Music] Thank you for the nails pier hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace worthy [Applause] is oh seated on your throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. [Music] Oh Jesus, son of God, maker of heaven, [Applause] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price. Oh, we didn't deserve it, Lord. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came. that you gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love and hope. Thank you for the [Music] name. Wash me your cleansing blood. Now all I know forgiveness and praise as worthy as the lamb it on your [Music] ro we crown you with many crowns we reign. [Music] vtory. Yes, Lord. High and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven was crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are worthy, Lord. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Seated on your throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. I am lifted [Music] up. Jesus, son of God. Oh, the maker of [Music] heaven. Worthy is the You are worthy. Worthy is done. How we thank you Lord. Worthy is done. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Just before our pastor comes this morning, old favorite song of mine. It's on the singing a song service. long time and I wanted to sing blessed assurance. It's our story. Little did I know, brother Biscoll was sitting in the back. He'd gone through heart surgery. He was thinking of this song over and over. He's like, "Wonder if I'll ever hear that song again." You don't know your days can be numbered. And I came to the pulpit so burdened to sing that song. The man of God wanted to hear it. Maybe somebody's got something in their heart. They're like, "Lord, I just need to hear it from you." He's that kind of God. Exactly what you have need of. You don't have to write a note. You just hold that in your heart. You say, "God, need to hear from you this morning. something special, something personal. He's a God that creates seeds, plants them in the ground, and walks away. Cuz he knows the seed that he has planted will bring forth life. And you just hold that seed in your heart. If he's planted it there, it'll bring forth life. I promise you. Blessed assure us. Jesus is mine. Oh what the foraste of glory divine heir of salvation. Purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Am I singing it a little different than you're playing it? You have to forgive me. All right. Perfect submission. Perfect delight. Visions of rapure now first on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of [Music] love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior. all day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. His perfect [Music] submission. All is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting, looking above. I'm filled with his goodness. I'm lost in his love. This is my story. [Music] This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day [Music] long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't God good to us? Amen. As our pastor comes this morning on a hill, far away, stood an old rugged cross. Oh, the emblem of suffering and shame. I love that old cross and I love that old cross. We're the dearest. Oh, just this morning. Oh, it was for me that he was slain. So I'll carry the old rug is wrong till my feet at last. [Music] I will bleed to the [Music] right and exchange something for a crown. [Music] rugged cross so by the word. Oh, it's got a wondrous attraction for me. Oh, the dear lamb of God. He left his glory glory upon to be to [Music] dark till my feet As I lay [Applause] down, I will clean to the old rock in your [Music] arms. I may change it someday [Music] for Amen. Let's just bow our heads together as we go to the Lord for a moment. Father, thou knowest every need, every situation, every problem. Thou knowest our hearts this morning. And we just pray that you'll wash us clean by the blood of the lamb. God, that you would anoint us today by your Holy Spirit. That you take the cold from the altar as it were and press it to our lips and our ears so we can speak and hear what the spirit is saying. And oh God, manifest your glory among us. Bring healing and deliverance to your children. Lord, there are many those that are listening today and joining with us, oh God. And we are the saints, your presence having now invited your presence to come. We ask that the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost would just sweep over this building, meeting every need. We pray in the name of Jesus. Let your glory shine down upon us, Lord, today. Lord, lift us up above the shadows of this world and take us out of the doldrums of life and out the lukewarmness of the age and put a passion in our hearts, a fervent desire to please you, a cry for reaching out in the spirit. We are asking in the name of Jesus that you'll meet the needs of your people today as we worship you. May you speak to us in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. Going to let you have your seats right now. Amen. Isn't God good to us to give us so many blessings? And it's undeserving. That's for sure. Amen. But his mercy endures forever. Amen. And I'm thankful for his mercy today. And Amen. I ask God's blessings upon you. May he just speak to you in a in a great way. Today we have something special today. We want to uh announce an engagement for Christopher Hyatt and Kimberly Wear. If they'll just come forward here just a moment there. There's a wedding coming up in June. You might have seen this young man hanging around our our Kimberly. He's going to snatch her away and take her all the way to Ohio. But not today. We're going to keep her. We got a deposit. Amen. And once um you know when it's all done, there's no returns. Amen. It's done forever. Amen. Sealed, signed, and delivered. Amen. Going to be a great day this wedding coming up. And we're so proud of you. Kimberly raised up a young girl in our church. And just been a model Christian, just a real child of God, a believer. And we love you. And we thank you for your service to the Lord, what you meant to us. And you're getting a treasure, Chris. You're really getting a treasure. We're really happy for you. It's our joy. It's our delight today to announce this this upcoming marriage. I I I believe it pleases the Lord when two unite together for eternity. Let's pray. Father, we ask your blessings upon this couple today as they plan their wedding, Lord, that is coming up and in this time of engagement that you will keep them and help them, Lord. to help them with their wedding plans and the things that uh that will come forth in their lives. Lord, may you just give them grace and strength, Father, and the courage to do the right things in all things. We commit them into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you and congratulations. Love you. Amen. Bind us together, Lord. bind us together with cords that cannot be broken. Come bind us together. Bind us together. B us together with love. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Let's sing the song. There's power in the blood. Wonder working power in the blood. Glad to have the weeds with us here today. Amen. God bless you. And anyone that's a visitor here, I hope you won't feel that way when you leave that you'll just feel right at home. God bless you. Amen. Amen. There is power, power, wonderful power in the blood. of the lamb. Yes, there is power. Powering power in the precious blood of the lamb will work to be free from the burden of sin. There's power in the blood, power in the blood. You work all of it. There's wonderful power in the blood. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power. Power one works. Power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your passion cry? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Come forward. There's wonderful power in the blood. I love it. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power. What works power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be wider much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Same lost in his life. There's wonderful power in the blood. Power. There is power. Power. Wondering power in the blood. The son of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the [Music] lamb. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad for the the blood of Jesus Christ? It makes us whiter than snow. Amen. And we're going to be speaking about that blood today as we speak on our thought on the mountain movers, the adopted sons. We're going to be speaking on the power of the blood. Amen. God bless you. And turn with me to Revelation 5 and verse 5. We'll read two verses there. Remembering our theme, who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings crying grace, grace unto it. Revelation 5 and verse 5. And one of the elders said unto me, weep not. Behold the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. Amen. God bless you. Can be seated. Now, we're going to today as we look at this, we want to take note of the lamb and his work as kinsmen as the lamb who prevailed who wrought victory through through his death. Now, in this vision that we have been looking at for now several times, the lamb is symbolic of Christ's work is our kinsman redeemer. By taking on human flesh, Jesus became one of us. And he was fully God yet he was fully man. He is seen as a lamb who had been slain yet in his death he had prevailed. Now this in itself is a powerful paradox because um normally in a battle the one who dies is the one who loses. But in this battle, the one who died was the one who won. And it was through his death that Jesus descended into hell and he defeated Satan, taking from him the keys of death and of hell. Remember Revelations 1 and 18 says, "I am he that liveth and was dead. And behold, I am alive forever more. Amen. And I have the keys of death, of hell, and of death." Now, he did not suffer defeat. He claimed his ultimate victory. When he rose again, he broke the chains of death. He triumphed over the grave. And in doing so, he conquered sin, sickness, and the curse that had bound humanity. And so, what seemed to be an absolute loss. The crucifixion was actually the greatest triumph in history. Jesus sacrifice on the cross was not the end, but it was the turning point of victory for mankind. Through his death, he overcame the power of sin and the power of death. And by his blood, he provided redemption, restored what was lost in Adam's fall. He broke the chains of sin. And through his resurrection, he proved that death does not have its final say. Amen. And because of this, all of us who have received his Holy Spirit are given eternal life and and freedom. And this and this is our promise that if the spirit that raised Jesus from the dead is living in you that he that raised Christ from the dead will also quicken your mortal body or give life to your mortal body because of his spirit that lives in you. No longer no longer are we slaves to sin and death. For Christ has made us free. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made us free from the law of sin and death. We remember that Paul says that clearly in Romans and he and yet we will we ponder what is the law of sin and death. It's the natural tendency towards sin and the consequences of that sin which ultimately lead into spiritual death. And this law came into effect upon us because of the fall. Brother Brandham said this about, you know, our own fallen human nature. And it just even as a child, you know, when and and he says, I don't care how good a home a child has been brought in and how it's been taught to do right if that child has not accepted the experience of the new birth. Rock and roll. And may I add, uh, not just rock and roll music, but all worldly attraction catches his attention just as quick as he hears it. Because in him is born in by nature a carnal spirit. And the power of the devil is so great today till it catches that spirit of that little one. That's why we were without hope in the world. Because I'll tell you friends, sin had slaved humanity. It separated man from God. But through the shedding of the blood, Jesus bore the punishment for sin and he made a way for mankind to be restored to righteousness. You see the 2 Corinthians 5:21 says God made him to be sin who who had no sin to be sin for us so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. Amen. How wonderful is that? Amen. How marvelous a truth. You see in the Old Testament, the worshipper would lay his hands upon his animal, upon his sacrifice. And in doing so, he was he was symbolically uh transferring his sins upon the his sacrifice upon the animal. However, there could not be a transfer of the innocence of that lamb because the nature of that lamb could not come back upon the worshipper. But how different that is in the New Testament when we by faith we lay our sins upon Jesus Christ. How? by accepting him as our sacrifice. And then the nature of that lamb which is the Holy Ghost comes upon us transferring his innocence, his righteousness and his nature upon us. How marvelous, how wonderful. By taking on human flesh, Jesus fully identified with our struggles with our temptations, with our sufferings, with even our fear of death. He He He identified with us. Yet through his resurrection, he crushed that fear. He freed those that had been held captive by it. And his victory is now our victory. As he overcame, so will we. That same power that raised Jesus from the dead now works in those that believe. The resurrection is the ultimate proof that death, sin, and Satan have all been defeated. Amen. God's got an unchanging program. Whatever God does, he always does it that way. God never changes. His program is perfect. It was established before the foundation of the world. And he literally cannot change. He cannot go back on his word. Amen. For he says, "I am the Lord and I change not." But as humans, you know how we are. We're a bit fickle. We we we make decisions today that we might find is wrong tomorrow. We change because we are finite. But his first decision on a matter is always the right decision. And he must act the same way every time that that situation arises. If he acted differently, it would mean he was wrong the first time. And God can never be wrong. Never. That's right. He's never wrong. Therefore, if God ever saved a man, under certain conditions, he must save every man under the same conditions. If he ever healed a man on a certain basis, he must heal every man on the same basis. for this the theme of the message always comes out. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. God simply doesn't change his program. Amen. He's unchangeable in all his ways. And he and and he gives the Holy Spirit then to those who repent, who will follow his will. And his will we know is his word. He doesn't change cuz he can't. His decisions are perfect. Amen. From the beginning. There's no need for him to ever alter them or to change his mind because he's sovereign. Amen. His word stands forever. I'm telling you, you can bank on what he said. If he ever was concerned for his people, he's still concerned. Amen. His motives remain the same. His attitude towards sin remains the same. Toward righteousness and faith, none of that has ever shifted. He's still Jehovah. No matter how many will claim otherwise, he he is still the same in attitude, the same in principle, the same concern. Amen. You see, he it's not God that has changed. Oh, no. His people who drifted away from him. You know, like the rock in the wilderness, the rock never left them. The Bible said the rock followed them. It was always within speaking distance. It was Israel who left the rock. Amen. But the reason we fail to see his mighty works today is not because he's not willing, but because we don't allow him to move in our lives, because he's still the say the same God of miracles, the God of healing, the God of salvation, just as he was 2,000 years ago in the days of Jesus Christ. He has to be the same in every detail except his corporal body. He's not here in the man of of Galilee. He's here in your flesh and mine. That's his body upon the earth. But his mercy and his power is still the same. And it was all revealed in Jesus Christ because Jesus is the complete revelation of God. Now look how he expressed his attitude towards sinners. When he when the woman was caught in adultery and was brought before him, he the only one who could condemn her, the only one without sin. Come on. He forgave her. That's his attitude toward a sinner today. Forgiveness. He didn't turn away those that were in need when the sick came to him. Instead, he demonstrated love and power through his actions. Amen. He showed his compassion, his love, his concern. I'm talking about if that's what he was then, that's what he is today. If he was concerned for humanity and their lost condition, then he's concerned for every sinner today. God so loved the world. He's not willing that any should perish, but that all would come to life. So as we have said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. That means his power, his principles, his compassion remains unchanged. The same Jesus that healed the blind, raised the dead, cast out demons, is the same Jesus who works and lives today in lives of believers. Amen. Listen, I mean it's he's here today in the form of his Holy Spirit. And so the attitude of the Holy Spirit toward the sick is to heal them. Amen. His attitude toward the lost is to save them. He's unchanging. Amen. He cannot change. Now again, you see, he he God must always remain consistent in his dealings with with man. He healed. If he healed before, he heals now. If he saved before, he saves now. Amen. Otherwise, he would have made a mistake the first time. And that's impossible. God is perfect in all his ways. The Bible said he is the rock. His works are perfect. All his ways are just. He's a faithful God who does no wrong. He's upright and just is he. That's the God we serve. Yes, sir. So why don't we see his power so often? Why don't we see it? It's because the church has settled for less than what God has promised. Instead of stepping forward in faith, we hesitate. We doubt. But I want to say the word remains true. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, then ask whatever you will and it'll be done for you. The word has not changed. It is people's attitude toward the word and toward the promise that is changed. Now, he's the only door. He's the only way. He's the only door to heaven. There is no other way. No other name, no other path, no no other means of access through him. And of course, we know then that faith is the key that unlocks that door. Amen. Amen. So if Jesus is a door to every promise, then his then faith in his finished work grants us access to every treasure of the kingdom of God. every promise that he has made, if it's salvation, if it's healing, if it's deliverance, if it's peace, if it's power, it's all unlocked by faith. And faith isn't a passive belief. It's a force that holds God's word. Amen. You know, no matter how great the key is and how accurate it is and how it will turn the little levers in the lock, it takes a hand to turn it. And that hand, my brother, sister, is faith. That's right. It's the only thing that will unlock the the treasures behind the door. And that door is Jesus. Your only access to Jesus is by faith. That's right. You must believe. Yes sir. All things are possible to them that believe. Amen. So faith is not just a passion belief is a force. And the moment faith is exercised, the door swings open. Amen. What was once impossible then becomes possible. You know, no wonder the the scripture declares the just shall live by faith. Amen. Because without faith the door remains closed. But to all those that believe all things are possible. Faith is not optional. It is vital to the church. Brother Brandham even would preach in some of his latter sermons on perfect faith. A people with perfect faith that brings them into a rapturing condition. It it's it's the only approach to God. You see, unbelief and doubt are the enemies to faith. The very forces that led to humanity's fall. You see, if unbelief was the separation, then faith is the bridge that brings us back to restoration. So everything we receive from God must come by faith. There is no other way. Amen. That's right. He that comes to God, the Bible said, must believe that he is. This is Hebrews 11:6. And that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. That's right. Now, notice he they must believe that he is, not he was. He did it yesterday, but not today. Amen. You see that? but that he is a living, present, active God. And without faith, it's impossible for you to please him. So those who waver between doubt and and and belief are double-minded. They're unstable in all their ways. And such a person cannot even expect to receive anything from God because you faith has to stand firm. It has to be unwavering. It has to be fully persuaded that whatever God has spoken, he will bring it to pass. It is faith that lifts you up into God's presence. Amen. Come on. Amen. It's doubt that keeps you bound, hesitant, afraid. So, we need to cast aside all unbelief and step into the full assurance of God's great promise. For the just shall live by faith. Oh, I want to bring this forward from last Sunday. And and and by the way, if you want to write down for references, you can go back to the two sermons on God and simplicity because I'm going to be I'm going to be using things from there and and also the fun fundamental foundation for faith. And uh so you'll find these truths there. But I I I spoke about this last Sunday, but I want to bring it forward again. I want to make it a part of this sermon. I want to I want you to just breathe in these words and let it take a root in your soul. Faith does not come by fasting. I'm getting this fun the fundamental foundation for faith. Faith does not come by fasting. Faith does not come by praying. Faith does not come by reading a book. Now fasting is good. Of course, praying is good, reading is good, but those things alone do not create faith. Faith is a deep settled in a certainty in the heart. It is unshakable knowing, a divine assurance that what God has said is already done. You know, sometimes we are saying, "I'm going to be healed." No, it's already done. I'm going to be saved. No, it's already done. Amen. You see, it is a finished work. It's already done. It's already paid for. It's already yours. So, you see, it is an unshakable knowing, a divine assurance that what God said is already done. Not it is going to be, but it's already done. Now, it is as natural as breathing. Amen. It's as unconscious as walking to your car. How many times have you heard Brother Brandham say, "Faith is an unconscious thing." It's as unconscious as walking to your car and turning the key and driving home because you already know you can. You don't analyze it. You don't question it. You just do it. Amen. Amen. Now, that's how faith is meant to work in the believer's life. The reason we struggle is because we have not yet become fully accustomed to the laws of the spirit as we have to the laws of the natural. Amen. Amen. But when the church, when you fully grasp God's laws of healing and his power and his deliverance and that they're just as real and and as active as as gravity itself, there'll be no stopping to the outpouring of his spirit. Amen. It'll flow unhindered. You see, we must come to a place of absolute conviction. A place where doubt is no longer entertained. A place where miracles are no longer unexpected. I'm talking about a super church. I'm talking about a super race. A place where faith operates like a second nature. Amen. And let me tell you, we are in that hour. We are that people who have been called to walk in faith, perfect faith. Come on. We have been called out of doubt, unbelief, confusion. Come on. Well, what do you think you heard the call? Come out of her, my people. What was it calling you out of confusion? Babylon. Amen. Calling you out of doubt, unbelief, shadows that have been placed over the word of God. bringing your faith settled securely securely on the word of God. Let me tell you, somebody's got to be the Enoch in this day and walk with God up the king's highway and take their position of sunship in the heavens. Now, we were never meant to be powerless and weak. Amen. And if we could just clear the channel and we could just sweep away man-made doctrines and fear and doubt and religious formalities and fully surrender to the will of God. Let this word, this message really take root in your heart. Then you'd see the church explode and into its supernatural function. You'd see it doing the works of God, becoming that invisible army. But when we're afraid, when we're in doubt, when we're in fear and we're drawing back, the Bible say, "If any man draw back, I my soul has no pleasure in him." God's pleasure is only found when people are progressing forward and reaching higher heights and digging deeper. We were not called and created to live beneath our calling and beneath our privileges. We were born again to reign, to have dominion, Amen. I, you know, I I can't get over how many people think that they have the Holy Ghost and they're still slaves to pornography or or illicit sex sins or alcohol or cigarettes. You cannot you cannot be uh slave to that. You have been set free. You see, when when we were born to reign, to have dominion, Amen. Amen. Amen. To to live a holy life. We're new creation in Christ. We're designed to control to to rule to bring praise to the almighty God. And you can't bring praise to him. And your life's still in the dregery of sin. That's right. We got to die to ourselves. And to do this, we got to let go of our own limited understanding, our our little bitty human thoughts. Because our little human thoughts thinks it's impossible. It cannot happen. I can't do it. I I'll never make it. I I can never be what I should be. That's your little human thought. Step off of that to the mind of Christ. I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me. I can be an overcomer in this evil age. I can rise above the sins, the problems of this age. I can be an overcomer. I can be victorious. He made a people to be victorious [Applause] to walk in victory. That's right. We must create lean on the smallmindedness of human understanding. Learn to lean on the mind of Christ. You get the mind of Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's how you get it. That's right. Then you have his thinking because you have his nature. Amen. Amen. So you see we but we when when that happens then then you think like Jesus does and when that happens impossibilities all become possible. Amen. So we have to abandon our will for his will. lose our control completely over to him. Amen. And then the same power that operated through Jesus would flow through us just as naturally as breathing. And miracles would no longer be rare, but they would be expected. Wouldn't you like to be a part of that kind of a church? Amen. Where where healing would not be occasional, but it would be continual. It would be what we expect. Amen. Until even we expected so great until even our bodies would be changed and glorified where we would be operating in the dominion of the spirit instead of struggling in the flesh. A lot of it talks a lot of us talk about our struggle in the flesh. We hear a lot of preaching about that. Friends, I want you to know you are to overcome by the spirit. Amen. When man sinned from the beginning, listen, he started out wrong. He sought his own way back. He did wrong. He sinned and he tried to hide it. They tried to cover themselves with fig leaves, but it was insufficient. That's right. Amen. But God made a way and that involved the shedding of innocent blood and he killed an animal and he clothed them with skins. And this act established a principle that I don't want you to miss that the only way, let me say it again, the only way to be reconciled to God is under the shed blood of an innocent substitute. That's the only remedy for sin today. Amen. You say, "Oh, brother Tim, we believe he's ought the mercy seat." I say, "Shame on you." Because you have cut off, you have cut off the approach to God. You have cut off the way to forgiveness. You have cut off from people the blood of Jesus Christ because his blood is what intercedes between God and man. Now you see from the from from the moment that moment on of where he established this principle of the shed blood God never met man any other way. Amen. Abel by revelation he understood this. He realized when he offered a lamb by faith and God accepted it that that this would this was what God did and this was what God would accept. He saw what covered God man's sin and brought an audience with God before was the death of an animal or taking of a substitute. Amen. And so he comes and offered to the same thing. And he realized the only way to be reconciled to God is under the shed blood. And so by revelation, he offered a lamb. And that principle was established. And it continued through all the days of Israel. They were only able to meet God under the blood of the lamb. There was no other place to meet him. Amen. All you have to do is listen to a sermon called God's chosen place of worship. And brother Brandham establishes this truth. You know, there again, only one place God will meet a man. Amen. And that's under the blood. That's right. And today, the only way to meet God is through the blood. Not through an organization, not through good works, not through traditions, but through the blood of the lamb. With without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of sin. Amen. And when Jesus ascended, think about it. He didn't leave some kind of physical relic, a piece of the cross or a nail of his robe or or nail or his robe or something like that. He left us. He left us something greater than that. Oh, he didn't even leave us a vial of his blood so that we could just reach down and chips every person down to be saved and get them under the blood. No, sir. He didn't do that. What did he leave us? The Holy Spirit. The life that was in the blood. He left the Holy Spirit. He sent that back to the church. You see, that's why the bride or the church is the blood, not the spirit. Because you can only be born again by the spirit of God, which is the blood of God. Amen. Now again, he he said it, "Behold, I send you the promise of my father upon you, but tear you in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." Don't do anything. Don't preach. Don't go try to heal the sick. Don't do anything until you come under the blood. Amen. That's right. Amen. Yes. You see, when he commissioned his disciples before his before Calvary and to heal the sick and cast out devils, he did it because of his personal presence being there. Amen. And they went forth in his power in his name. But friends, when he left and he went away, he was not here physically to back up those words and promises. Come on. But so what did he do? He sent back the Holy Spirit. Amen. To do what? To back up his words and promises. And when Jesus died at Calvary, he commended his spirit to the father. And on the day of Pentecost, that same spirit returned to the church. And the Holy Spirit is the life of the blood that is given to the believers as a seal, a comforter, a guide until the day of redemption the day he comes for us. Amen. But man has always been trying to find another approach to God through his own means. They'll try religion or philosophy or traditions or human efforts. And that's why men are even trying today even in the preachers in the message trying psychology and it won't work because God don't change his way of approach. He only meets man under the blood. The only way to deal with sin's problem is the blood. Amen. Now, Israel could only worship under the shed blood today and make denominations, organizations, scientific achievements to create unity and a fellowship with God. But they've all failed. Every one of them. Amen. cuz there's only one place where God will meet a man and each and with true unity and that's under the cross. For the Bible said there is but one God and one mediator between God and man and that's the man Christ Jesus. Amen. Now, so of course we live in a scientific age. Everybody wants to run and assimilate God through their limited abilities of the peanut brain of a human being. But you can never scientifically prove God. He must be accepted by faith. Amen. Because as we've quoted already, it's impossible to please him without faith. He rewards those that comes to him in faith that believes that he is. And when you look at the the the Christian armor, they it's all supernatural. For he says we walk by faith and not by sight. So look at that. Look at the armor of of God. Love, joy, peace, faith, patience, meekness, gentleness. These things cannot be bought or can neither can they be proven scientifically. They are all supernatural. You can't buy love. It's supernatural. You can't buy peace, it's supernatural. Come on. It's all supernatural. Everything that that comes from God is supernatural. You know, and your battle is not a flesh and blood battle. That's right. But we are in a a spiritual battle. And just like nations have spies to uncover other military strategies. You know, Satan seeks to expose weakness in believers. You see, you see, he's doing everything. And we're wrestling not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of darkness. We're being attacked. Your faith is being attacked. You see, God knowing this battle would come, he provided the proper armor for his children. Salvation is our helmet, faith is our shield, and the word of God is our sword. And he fortified his children all the way from Eden behind the protective word of God. And and we must take the whole word of God and use it because every part of it is needed. The Bible said again, "Man must live by every word." Amen. That proceedth out of the mouth of God. Amen. Man must live. This the only way to live is by every word. Hallelujah. You can tell whether people's got life or not. Because if you really got the Holy Ghost, you're going to believe all every word. You're going to live by that word. Amen. Because man shall live by every word. Just as a just shall live by faith. Amen. Man shall live by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. So there's real danger in doubting God's word. real danger. The word must be believed. Look, look at the theme of brother Brandhamson in the Christ, the mystery of God revealed. He says, "When he can get preeminence in a man, he can take them back to Eden." That's right. Amen. When his word can have preeminence. Well, that's true even in salvation. When you give his word preeminence through repentance and baptism in his name and fully obeying the word of God there, it entitles you to the token for Eden to come down in your life for heaven to descend and come within you. That's right. Amen. That's where God wants heaven. Not just up there, but in here. But that one doubt, that one question lured Eve away from the fortress of God's word and sin entered into the world. And that's exactly how the how the that Satan attacks the church today. Introducing just a tiny bit of doubt. If he can get you to question one word, he's already won the battle. There is no safety in churches. That's right. Not even here. Amen. No safety in in organizations or religious experiences. The only security is by believing and acting on God's entire word. That's right. As the Bible said in Proverbs, every word of God is pure. The word is a shield to them that put their trust in him. So, we must stay behind the word. It's important to never leave the word. Hey, in your battles, don't leave the word in your temptations. Don't leave the word. When you are are approaching God for healing, don't leave the word. Right. Amen. Keep confessing what the word said. Amen. So, we must stay behind the word. That's always been God's program from the Garden of Eden to today. If we accept God's word is absolute truth and approach him in faith, he will answer because he said, "Knock and it shall be open to you. Ask and it shall be given. Seek and you shall find. Now, he is the only way, as we've said, to God. I am the way, the truth, and the life. There's not a dozen ways to God. There's not there's not one, you know, you know, if you're Muhammad and that's the way, and you're Buddhist, that's the way. No, there's only one way. and and he said, "No one can come to the father except by me." So, he's our approach to God. And he wasn't just a prophet or a good man. He was God in the flesh. For it says, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God." And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. But before before man's fall into sin, he was a son of God. He was an offspring of God. He was an inheritor of the earth. He had dominion and and he could he could speak and and he could actually speak things to in existence. He reflected the very creative nature of the father. That's right. But Adam lost his inheritance to the earth and to his right to eternal life. That's what this question book represents. And notice his Satan then becomes this quarter upon the earth because he is the one who surrendered to it. But he couldn't take the book. He was not worthy. So it went in the hands of God until a worthy man could come. Amen. And Adam, what he did was exchange his faith in God for Satan's reasoning, didn't he? Amen. As a result, he forfeited his eternal life. He forfeited his right to the tree of life, his dominion over the earth. Yeah, he transferred everything, including you and me, all of his offspring, into the hands of Satan, and you would be born in sin, shaped by iniquity, speaking lies, when man sinned in Eden, he lost everything. He lost sunship. He became a sinner by nature. He fell, became a slave to sin. He come under the grip and dominion of Satan. He separated himself from God and he crossed a great chasm, entered into death and could never return on his own. But then God in his mercy Oh my. Amen. Here, even before Calvary, he accepted a innocent substitute, a lamb, a goat or sheep, and he shed his blood as a cover for sin. And just as Abel is spoken of on the other side of the chasm, first with animals, then ultimately with his own son, the blood of bulls and goats, it could only cover sin. But the blood of Jesus Christ remits sin. Amen. Now, I'm going to go going to the the things that Brother Brandham taught us in God's simplicity. And he talked about if a red stain is covered with white, the stain remains. That's right. But God sent a true cleansing agent from heaven, the blood of his son. Yeah. And when our confessed sins are dipped into God's bleach, they disappear forever. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you realize where that places you as a son perfectly sinless before God? Wonderful. Oh, if you can just get a real revelation of justification and by faith believe it, receive it for yourself. How many Christians today are still walking in condemnation looking at their past and thinking that that's going to control their future, right? Amen. Your past has been been plunged in the bleach of the blood of Jesus Christ and they're everyone of God gone never to be remembered again. Wonderful. Now, brother Brandham in his sermon there in God and simplicity he took for an example a simple drop of ink. Now, I used a little research to come up with this because really I've got a limited knowledge of chemistry. So, I just kind of I just had to do a little research here to be able to formulate this into words and hopefully you'll grasp the principle today. So, it's as brother Brandham said, it starts with a little drop of ink. But what is ink? Ink is made up of chemicals. Well, let's break that down. Where did that come from? Well, you say, well, it contains water. Water is H2O and and that's a fundamental component, but that's just a part of it. Ink also has color. But where does that color come from? We know that white light is the origin of all colors. Every hue is derived from it. White light is considered to be composed of all the colors of the visible spectrum. Meaning it can be seen as the origin or combination of all colors. Every color of the rainbow, red, orange, yellow, blue, green, indigo, violet, is all in the light. Yes, sir. Amen. Many of you have seen this done, you know, in a classroom when a light is shown through a prism. It it fractures the light and shows all the colors that's in that white light. So now then, how did this specific black ink come to be? Well, let's trace it further. The color and ink comes from pigments or dyes which are chemical compounds. And these compounds originate from molecular structures formed by by by elements interacting in precise ways. I need your glasses just a minute. You can tell this ain't brother Tim right here. I got this egghe head business from what I researched. So this ain't me. But let me just try to break it down for you. I'm trying to get your attention. So let's talk about it for a moment. At a deeper level, these molecules consist of atoms arranged in specific patterns. Right? If a certain set of atoms had combined differently, let's say one atom more or less, the color might have been different. That's right. So what determined that? Everything follows a structure and order. The chemical properties, the molecular interactions, and even the existence of matter itself. None of it happens by chance. If ink is a creation, it must have come from somewhere. A creation points to a creator. Now, all of my smartness is gone. My chemistry lesson is over. But I want you to get it. Our sins were as black as that ink. That's right. Hallelujah. But dropped into a basin of pure bleach. What happens to that ink? It dissolves it completely. It appears without disappears without a trace left of it. There's no fumes. There's no residue of it. There's no nothing. It's gone forever. You can't call it back. Amen. It's returned to its original state as though it never existed. And that, my friends, is exactly what the blood does to sin. It fractures it. It divides it. It dispels it. It goes down through the chains of the molecular structure until it is no more. Hallelujah. Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow. And though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool. Confess your sins. You plunging them into the blood of Jesus. They're not just covered. They're completely annihilated. The blood does not hide sin. It erases it completely. Animal blood hid sin, but this blood does not hide it. It erases it. That's why, little bride, you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. Because the new birth takes you back to your origin of where you came from. And no sin can be attributed to a seed of God. Amen. So the blood does not hide sin. It erases it completely. It castes it to a sea of forgetfulness. never to be remembered again. That's what Micah 7:19 tells us. The color of sin is completely erased going back to the mediators of time till it falls upon Satan the accuser and he's got to bear it to the day of judgment. Hallelujah. So that's what happens to your sin. Yeah, that's what happens to Satan. If you're redeemed today, your sins forgiven. Your sins are on his head. It has been changed. Hallelujah. From the worried one who twisted the word from faith to unbelief. And God turn took it right back through time, places him back on the head of Satan. And he'll go to hell for your sins. He will burn for your sins because they are not your sins. They were his to begin with. Who is it that condemns us? Yay. It is Christ who has set us free from the law of sin and death. Amen. Amen. But here's the question. What happens to the one who's redeemed? We know what happened to sin. We know what happened to to to Satan. What happens to the one who's redeemed? He's restored. That's right. To perfect fellowship with the father. He stands again on the other side of the chasm with no memory of sin against him. As Hebrews 8:12 says, I will forgive their wickedness and remember their sins no more. That's why you're blameless. That's right. That's why you're without spot. That's why you're without wrinkle. Cuz just as he dissolved in the bleach can never be restored, sin annihilated in the blood of Christ. Amen. Can never come back again. When a sinner is cleansed by the blood of Jesus, every trace of sin is destroyed. The sin itself returns to Satan who will be carry who will carry it until the final judgment when he's cast into the lake of fire. Amen. Through this, the chasm is bridged forever. And I even like it when brother Brandon would carry this thought further in later sermon and he says, "There's not even a chasm." That's right. Amen. There's not even something to point back to. That's right. Of where you ever failed. Not even a chasm. Yes, sir. You stand justified, covered, not just covered, but declared righteous. I'm telling you what he's done. Now, let me just reference the scripture. I want you to write this one down. You're not going to be able to follow me along, but I'm just going to preach it for a minute. I want you to go to Ephesians chapter 2 in your notes. Just put it there. But I want you to look what the son of God, the second Adam's done for us. Because once we were separated from Christ, we are alienated from the covenant of the promise. We were without hope and without God in this world. But now through the precious blood of Jesus, we who were once far off have been brought near. And so he is our peace breaking down the wall of separation, destroyed the hostility that once stood between us and God. And through his sacrifice, he abolished the old commandments contained in the ordinances, and established a new creation, reconciling both Jew and Gentile into one new man into himself. Amen. And he did not merely covered our sins. He abolished it through his death. He shattered the enemy's grip. He removed every barrier that kept us from the presence of God. And when he arose in victory, he proclaimed peace. Peace to those who were far off and peace to those who were near. Hallelujah. And through him, I want you to get this. Through him, we have direct access to the father by one spirit. I'm still preaching from Ephesians 2. No longer are we strangers or outsiders. We are fellow citizens with the saints. We are members of the household of God. No wonder we say brother and sister cuz we got the same fathers. And we're not just merely followers. We are are part of a holy structure. We're built upon the foundation of apostles and prophets with Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone and him in him the whole building is fitly framed together growing into a holy temple for the Lord a dwelling place for God through the spirit. You see this is the power of redemption. Jesus just not didn't just save us from sin. No, he restored us to sunship. That's right. To dominion, to fellowship with the father. The barrier is gone. The division is erased. The redeemer has made us one with him. Do you believe that? Amen. So, we ought to rise in faith then and walk in in the fullness of our inheritance. We hadn't touched the tip of it yet. and realize all that what we are as sons and daughters of God. Listen, we believe when sin is completely broken and is confessed on the basis of the blood of Jesus, just as a drop of black ink dissolves into bleach, so does sin dissolve into nothingness, returning to where it's come from. Amen. And that is the power of the blood. We sang it about it a while ago. But this blood restores you across the chasm of separation and makes you a true son or daughter of God. The creative power of God is then within you. Yes. Amen. And when God commands us, it will be done. Oh, brother Tim, we'd love to see the power of creation. What? What do you think happened in Atlanta's lungs? That was the power of creation. Come on. When we are open when the when the door of was opened by faith and the channel was open. Come on. And rejoicing was made in the truth. Amen. Believing it was already done. Go back to the doctor the next day and not a trace of it. What about the alipcia of old Mariah? Same thing. Same thing. Creative power at work. Oh, we're waiting for the spoken word, Brother Tim. Creative power is at work. It's not coming. It's already here. That's right. Oh, just let us get our channels cleaned out and opened and every flu, clear, and every obstacle removed so we can hear the voice of God. Somebody's got to hear his voice. The Bible said, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit is saying." So, where is the church today? If we're really sons of God, then why do we live below beneath our privileges? Why are we going around, you know, broken and in doubt and and and whatever? What didn't he write in the laws? I said you were God's. Amen. I'm not making this up. Jesus said this himself in John 10:34 and he was referring to to to Psalms 82 and6. So if the word of God came to the prophets and they were called gods because they spoke on the behalf of the almighty then how can we you know doubt our identity in Christ. You said but that was prophets. Listen listen listen to revelation 10. Thou must prophesy again. So the bride must be a prophet speaking his word. Somebody help me preach. Now I want you to get this because if the word of God came to the prophets, what do we see in Revelation 10? the word, the book taken by the angel, the Holy Spirit to wear the bride represented by John, take it, eat it, consume it, become one with it, and prophesy. Speak it. So the word of God came to the prophets, and they were called gods because they spoke on the behalf of the Almighty. Then how can we doubt our identity in Christ when he confirms the covenant one more time? Do you remember in Revelation 10, he swears with an oath? What is he doing there? He is confirming the covenant. Why do you think the whole divine healing movement went through before the word came? because he was confirming the covenant. Confirming his attitude toward sin, toward sickness, toward disease, toward affliction. He was confirming the covenant. Amen. Before he even revealed it. Amen. And when he revealed it, it didn't take away its power. It magnifies his power. That's right. Amen. And so, so you said there again, the word came to the prophets and they were called gods because he spoke on the behalf of the Almighty. Who in this day is going to be chosen to to speak on the behalf of the Almighty? He's got to have a voice on the earth. He's got to have somebody that speaks for him. Amen. There Revelation 3 shows the church Leodysia cast out of his mouth. He said, "They won't speak for me, but he'll have a voice, and that voice is in the bride." Now, didn't he declare in the book of Acts that we are his offspring? Did not he say in the in first John, "Now you are the sons of God." Then it's time to realize that this is adoption age where God is placing us in authority and power. That's right. Yeah. They were they were you know infants in Wesley and Luther and Wesley and adolescence and so on coming up in Isuza Street. But this is a day of the mature church of adopted sons. Yes. That means placed sons placed robed with authority. Ring put on the finger. Time to act. Time to speak. Amen. Time to take dominion. Yes. This is the age of full restoration, of full redemption, of the handing of the title back to man. Oh yeah, I know we still wait. We've grown within ourselves waiting for that complete adoption, the redemption of our bodies. But right now, right now, we are to reign in victory. That's right. Yeah. I I realize there's a lot of things that are going to happen in the millennium and and and the and and the sons of God will be manifested, but right now, right? Yes. Right now, we need manifestation. Amen. Let me just reference Hebrews chapter 2. And and again, I'm not going to read it. I'm going to preach it. Amen. For when God created the earth, he did not subject subject the the the world to come to angels, but to man. The psalmist testified to this truth. What is man that you are mindful of him? Or the son of man that you care for him. You have made him a little lower than the angels. You have crowned him with glory and honor. You set him over. Listen. You set him over. You set him over. You set him over the works of your hands. And you have put all things in subjection, all things in subjection under his feet. And yet, though all things were placed under man's authority, we don't yet see this fully recognized or realized. But before you start looking at yourself, we see Jesus. A man, that all things were put under his feet. That through him all things could be put under our feet. Amen. Amen. Here the second Adam, he humbled himself coming down lower than angels, taking down human frailties to accomplish the greatest triumph of all the ages. And as I have already established, his his humiliation was not defeat. It was the very pathway to his ex exaltation. He suffered death. said by God's grace he might taste death for every one of us that through his suffering he was made perfect not in his divinity no cuz he was already perfect always perfect but in his mission as our savior the Bible said he learned obedience through the things that he suffered he fully identified with human beings he experienced our struggles he he stood in our face. You know why he done that? To bring many sons to glory. Not to be alone in his victory, but to bring you into that victory. The Bible said that Jesus the sanctifier and we that are sanctified, we now share the same father. Now in this parallel he he takes him as a man and shows him as our brother. But but we also know he is our father. But Jesus the sanctifier. We the sanctified now share the same father because of this. He is not ashamed to call us brethren. Is that Bible? How many Bible student know that's true? Amen. He says he says there um he said here I am and the children that God has given me. This is Isaiah's prophecy. You see he identified with us. So when we as God's children, we we we have flesh and blood. Christ took on human form not to remain as God above us. Remember brother Brandham's teaching of God above us, God with us, God in us. Well, he didn't want to remain as God above us. So, he became God with us. Amen. And he took on human form to become one of us. That through death, he stripped the devil of his power. He rendered him powerless. Satan, that one that once held the power of death, he was defeated at the cross. Amen. Listen, until Jesus came, nobody could go in God's presence. Man was bound forever. That's right. Forever is just a has a has an end. It's not eternity. And there came an end when Jesus came because he empties paradise. the place that the holy place the way where they could not come into God's presence and they ascended up with him. Are you with me? Amen. So you see for years for many many thousands of years centuries we can say mankind lived under the fear of death because why? We die but we we just we were in as it was la land. We we were waiting for a redeemer to come. Amen. There was nothing to take away sin. Come on. They were under the blood of bulls and goats, but it couldn't take away sin. Sin was still there. It had to be dealt with. When Jesus went to the cross, he dealt with the sins of all men all the way back to Eden. And when he raised, they raised with him. Hallelujah. Proving Amen. what the blood and the power of the blood can do for you and me that are waiting on our glorification. We already know in works. They paraded the streets of Jerusalem. They were seen among many. That they were alive, alive as Jesus was alive. Who made them alive? Jesus made them alive. Who will quicken the dead? That they're in Christ. Jesus will quicken the dead in Christ. Amen. Now, but what is the great mystery in all of this? The mystery is that God didn't extend his deliverance to fallen angels. There's no redemption for Satan. There's no deliverance to demonic spirits, which are Satan's angels. But there is to the descendants of Abraham. Now to accomplish this, Jesus had to become a faithful and merciful high priest. And he had to become fully like us in order to do that. And and so through his suffering, he made the atonement for sin, not just covered it as we've been through, but erase it entirely because when he was suffered and was tempted, he is now able to help those who are being tested. No temptation, no suffering, no burden is beyond his reach. He is our victorious redeemer, our intercessor, our brother who stands before God on our behalf. What does this mean to you? That means that sin is conquered. Death is conquered. Satan is conquered. He is a defeated foe. Amen. And we're no longer bound by fear. That's right. We're no longer sl enslaved by Satan's accusations. The blood of Jesus Christ has redeemed us and restored us to our rightful position as sons and daughters of God. That's right. Therefore, we should walk in victory in the authority that he's given us. We ought to be boldly proclaiming victory. Amen. Your prayers ought to be bold prayers. Come on. Not weak prayers, but bold prayers. Ask him for big things. Brother Brandham challenged you. Said, "Don't ask God for little things. Ask him for big things." Amen. Standing in faith, knowing that all things have been subjected under his feet and our feet. Amen. Now, if the blood of Jes bulls and goats, if that if that mere blood, animal blood that couldn't take away sin, gave Moses the authority to stand before Pharaoh and stretch forth his rod and command nature and say, "Let there come flies." And flies came. How much more power then do we have under the blood of Jesus? That's what brother Brandham was trying to get us to see in the message God in simplicity. How that Moses even under the blood of bulls and goats walked in God's word and God put his words in his mouth. And that's where his word is to be in you is in your mouth. Yes, in your heart, but it's got to come out of your mouth. Where is the sword of the Lord held? It's held from the mouth. You speak his word and demons flee. You speak his word. You declare his word and people are healed. You declare his word and people are saved. It comes by declaring the word. You want to keep it hidden your heart, it ain't going to do any good there. You got to bring it out. Moses was told by God, "Stretch out your rod toward the east and declare, let there be flies." Moses obeyed and the word spoken through a man became reality. Now, that's what happened in the blood of bulls and goats. The word of God spoken through man became a reality. And at first, maybe there was a single fly. Soon they stick with them. Yeah. Because why? God, he the creator was speaking through a man under the blood. So you see Moses spoke and frogs covered the lamb. The words left his lips and creation responded. It was God revealing his power in a simple man. Now, Moses didn't speak something and say, "I ain't nothing happening yet. Well, I guess I might as well go on back now." No, he didn't quit. He stood right there. God told me to say this. That's right. And he spoke and he called and he and he released the word and creation responded. And when you release the word on your situation, creation is going to respond. Amen. Because you see, if that happened of God revealing his power in that simple man, Amen. that was under the blood of bulls and goats, how much more under the blood of Jesus? That's right. Hallelujah. Cuz if the blood of bulls and goats could empower Moses to speak God's creative word, as brother Brandham said, why do we stumble at the power of the blood of Jesus? Don't stumble over simplicity. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Because of his blood, we're fully pardoned. So if you say to this mountain, that's what we're preaching on. Mountain movers, if you say to this mountain, it's time your mountain hears your voice. Come on. Whatever you If you believe, you don't doubt in your heart, but you have that conviction, doubt in your heart, that what you say will happen, it'll be done for you. Amen. You see, it's time that we face the issue, that we quit perpetuating the church ages, but we we face the issue. We have arrived to the age of sunship. This is not adolescent time anymore. This is where field sons speak and their words are backed. Yes, sir. Come on. Now when Moses encountered the burning bush, he met the light, the pillar of fire, he stood there only with a divine commission as a prophet. And when the word of the Lord came to him, he spoke and things were created by the word. Now, if this was possible now under the blood of bulls and goats, how much greater is the power of the blood of Jesus? Not mere covering but completely removing it. His blood places you in the presence of God as a redeemed son. Amen. You say, "Well, brother Tim, but Moses, Moses stood there in the presence of a pillar of fire and he received a commission." If you have the Holy Ghost, if you have received the Holy Ghost, that today that is even a greater encounter with God than what Moses had. Amen. That fire, that fire anointed Moses. But I tell you what, it don't just anoint you. Amen. It comes on this inside of you. It dwells within you. You never lose it. And it commissioned you. If it commissioned Moses to go conquer Egypt, it commissioned you to be a devil defeater, a serpent bruiser, to cast Satan out and to pull his kingdom down to plague him until he lets you go. Hallelujah. I wonder how many believers are willing to stand there and bring plague after plague on the enemy until he turns your promise loose. It's time somebody do it. Stand right there firmly on the word of God. Amen. If you don't move here, I'll bring another promise. You don't move there, I'll bring another promise. Amen. I'm going to resist you and resist you and resist you and resist you until you flee. Satan, I've come to tear your kingdom down. I have not come as a as a failure. I have not come as a defeated person. I have come into this world to be an overcomer by the new birth of the Holy Ghost. I was commissioned by the pillar of fire to be a serpent bruiser, a devil defeater, an overcomer. Put your foot on the head of the serpent. Hallelujah. I'm not preaching anything new. I'm preaching the principles of this message. The church has lived too long below its true standard of living that God made for it because we often hesitate instead of stepping forward. There's something wrong with the churches. Brother Brandon would say this over and over when he when he went into God simplicity. I I tell you, the one in Albuquerque, he he really nails it down again. And he says there's something wrong with the churches today, and let me just paraphrase it for you. They're too They're too earthbound. When they should be heavenly minded, you know what heavenly minded is? Heaven lives by the word. Amen. You see, they should be heavenly minded, living by the word. But denominational systems have twisted minds and and left people uncertain about how to walk in true faith. Yet we we've been promised that revelation will come. We've been promised that those who know their God, what did this message come to do? To reveal Christ. To reveal Christ. And those who know their God will be strong and do exploits. This message was given to you to empower you. Amen. We've allowed vain philosophies, empty traditions, powerless teachings to weaken our faith. The mind has been so bombarded with with theologies and opinions and intellectual reasoning and scientific knowledge and till it's been pulled away from the unshakable power of the word of God. Think about it. We've settled for words. We've settled just to have a message and at the line ourselves and be a good thing as a moral compass and a guide and something to give us a little inspirational thought for today. We have settled for words when they were meant for demonstration. But I tell you, we're at the hour. Friends, we've run out of time. We're at the ends of the church ages. We're at the day where the the voice of God has called somebody to wake up. Amen. To to to realize where you are in this day and recognize what has always been yours. We're We're in the hour when faith must rise up within a people. Amen. where they're unshackled from doubt and the church moves on in the power and the anointing of God that it was meant to do. We're in the time of the casting down of Satan. And the hour of the resurrection and restoration. Do you get those words? Restoration, ascension, rapture. We're at the hour where where the church ascends and is raptured and Satan is cast out and his accusations cease. As long as the intercessor remains on the throne, Satan still accuses us before because he stands as the opponent of Christ presenting a case against humanity. And he does it every day. Don't play super spiritual and say he don't. He accuses you every day. Bringing doubt, fear, unbelief, sin. Every sin is unbelief. Amen. Satan will argue, "Oh, but wait, Adam fell. I deceived him. I convinced his wife to believe a lie. You declared she would be condemned for it." And yet standing before him is the mediator, the kinsman redeemer, holding the blood that washes away all sins and transforms the vilest heart. And the mediator declares they're not guilty. For the blood has eradicated every evidence of sin and sin has returned to its urgent back to Satan who perverted it at the beginning. And through the blood of Jesus, a sinner is made holy, stands in God's presence as a son, and he stands as a redeemed child of God on this side of the chasm as a restored son, an heir to the earth. Amen. He can command nature, speak into existence, and reflect the creative power of God. You say, "Oh, brother Tim, that's way out on a limb. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you will ask what you will." Even Jesus, as I've already stated, pointed out, said, "Didn't I say even in the law, you're gods?" Well, brother, if if they were gods, that was only potential because it couldn't happen till the new birth. Amen. How much more are we that have been born again? Gods. Amen. I've said it over and over again. Listen, if a dog gives birth, it's a dog. If a cat gives birth, it's a cat. If a horse gives birth, it's a horse. If a human gives birth, it's a human. If God gives birth, Hallelujah. What is it? It's an offspring of God. It's another God. You were created have dominion to walk in power, to walk in victory, to walk in faith. That's right. Hallelujah. We have been given restored authority. Walked completely free from every condemnation of sin. across the chasm. We are redeemed po people walking in the creative power of God already. Not one day. Already. Now, let's talk about it for a moment. Let's talk about the word as I bring this down, you know, in these final thoughts today and head down toward the climax of this message. A word is simply a thought expressed. Right? Before Moses spoke, God had already wield it. When God placed his word in Moses' mouth, Moses declared it. It became a reality. As I've said, maybe there wasn't a single fly around, but an hour later, here come one fly buzzing by and then another. No time, the whole land's filled with flies. That's the way your mountain moves sometimes. One grain at a time, but you got to stand there believing it's being moved. Amen. What was it? What was that when that happened with Moses? The creative power of the spoken word of God through a mortal man. Creative work that belongs in the church of Jesus Christ today under the blood of Jesus Christ by his word. Direct quote. So you see if Jesus is the living word then what is written in this Bible is not just text it is a part of him. And if you receive this word not just as mere letters on the page but as the living infallible voice of God it comes alive in you by faith. Now I want you to catch this revelation. The word enters your heart and if the Holy Spirit dwells in you, it is immediately quickened and it's no longer just written words but a living powerful force in you and every promise becomes real. Therefore, if you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart, it shall be done. Why? Because it's no longer you speaking. It's deity speaking through you. Amen. Did not Jesus say those words? Don't fear when you're brought before magistrates? Don't even think of what you're going to say because I will be in you and I will put my words in your mouth. Did not he say that would happen to believers? Well, then don't you know then if you if you're brought before the devil and and the accuser comes and sickness comes into your home, don't you know that you can do the same thing? Don't even have to think about what you're going to say. But the Holy Spirit will put words in your mouth. That's right. Quickening power. That's right. To make the devil flee. Hallelujah. Now, Brother Brandham tells us in the church age book, this word he left behind on printed page is a part of him when you accept it by faith into his spiritfilled life. Amen. He said the word was life. John 6 63 John 16:6 says I'm the way, the truth, the life. Romans 8:9, if man have not the spirit of Christ, he's none of his. So we have the spirit. There it is. He is spirit. He is life. That's exactly what the word is. That's exactly what Jesus is. He takes the word so that when a spirit born spiritfilled man in faith takes that word into his heart and places it is upon his lips the same as deity speaking every mountain has to go. Satan cannot stand before that man. Amen. You take his word. You hold it before the throne and you declare father this is your promise. Yes. Hallelujah. Now you got the question. Yeah, brother Tim, but how do we get to the throne? By being born again. The heavens opened for you as it did for Jesus. Didn't it say that at his when the Holy Ghost came upon him, heaven's open? Is that the truth? Amen. So the heavens open for the spirit to ascend and descend. And you climb the stairway through prayer. Through prayer you climb the stairway. And as you ascend in the spirit you denounce all accusations of the devil, all fear, ever doubt. And once before the throne, you declare, "Father, it's your promise." Then you go to the enemy and say, "Satan, you are defeated. Now go." And something's got to move. Amen. Now the Bible tells us the earth is the Lord and the fullness thereof the world and all that dwell in them. He founded it on the seas and established on the floods. Who shall ascend unto the heel of the Lord? Or who shall stand in his holy place? Here's the question and the answer is of who can ascend into the hill of the Lord or who can stand in his holy place. The answer is he that hath clean hands and a pure heart and who has not lifted up his soul unto vanity or falsehood nor sworn deceitfully. He shall receive the blessing from the Lord and the righteousness from God the God of his salvation. So he's asked the question, how do we or who can ascend into the holy hand into the holy hill of God? Who can come in God's presence? And it says, "He that has a clean hands, a pure heart, who has not sworn deceitfully, who hasn't lied, Amen." Basically, he that's born again. Come on. Come on. I just described to you who's born again. If you're born again, you got clean hands. You got a pure heart. You have not every lie you ever told, everything you ever done wrong is has all been taken away by the blood of Jesus. Amen. You can go before the holy hill of God and receive blessings from the Lord and righteousness from the God of your salvation. Hallelujah. So spiritual authority comes by revelation that flows from the throne of God. It comes by the Holy Spirit. That's why you got to be in tune with the spirit of God. Because you still have a human spirit. Yeah. And that human spirit only knows the spirit of a man and the things of a man. But if you're born again, then you have the Holy Spirit. And and as I quote brother Brandham here, if Jesus had to spend much time in prayer to stay in fellowship with the spirit that was in him, how much more do you and I have to spend time in prayer? You see, you cannot weld this power that we're talking about. We want creative power. We want to we want the power of the spoken word. We we want to speak flies. We want to do this. We want to have the power of creation. You cannot wield this power without divine revelation. Jesus said even though he was the word made flesh, he said I do nothing till the father shows me first. That's right. Amen. So we too have got to be led by the spirit. Amen. It is is not the word to you until it's made manifest to you. And that's why many people can't believe in miracles today is because the word hasn't been revealed to them. They claim the days of miracles are passed because they've never experienced the manifestation. That's right. But Jesus said, "All things are delivered unto me of my father. No man knows the son but the father. Neither knows any man the father save the son and he to whomsoever the son will reveal him." So you see, once God reveals to you what must be done, you can stand like Jesus stood and declare it with authority. Jesus, the very word of God did not act out of the father's will. And when Jesus or when the father revealed it, Jesus spoke it. It was done. And the same applies today. People deny miracles and baptism of the Holy Ghost, the full power of God because the word isn't revealed to them. But yet the truth is when when the word is quickened to you and the Holy Spirit has made you a fully redeemed son or daughter of God, then you speak not as yourself but as a vessel of divine authority. Amen. Now, God could have used the sun to preach the gospel, the moon, the stars, the wind to declare his glory. But instead, he chose you to do it for you to demonstrate. Yeah. Weak, humble vessels that you are so that his strength can be made perfect in our weakness. But what's wrong today? We're not fully surrendering ourselves to the power of God. We're holding back. Amen. If the blood of animals could give Moses that kind of authority, what about the blood of Jesus? Amen. We we must have faith that moves mountains. You see, because when that is faith resides in you, the creative power of God is in you. Or at least when God commands it to be done, it'll be done. But you can't stand there just fumble in your mind and say it with your human spirit. You got to get out of your human realm and get in the spirit of God and catch the mind of the spirit and become the voice of the spirit. Find out what he wants done with the word. Amen. Now, somebody is going to give ear to the spirit. Somebody's going to give a voice to the spirit. Amen. I'm wondering today, are we in tune? Are we hearing too many other voices that are crowding out the voice of God and we're not hearing it? I can't believe that God no longer speaks. I can't believe that he no longer heals or delivers or set free. I believe that the church gets out of where they're not listening. They're not hearing his voice. They're distracted by the evil age that we're that we're in. Amen. Listen. Listen, friends. When Elijah went up, he sent back a a double portion of his spirit. When Elijah went up, he dropped his mantel, given a double portion. You believe that? Well, then what happened? When Jesus ascended on the right hand of the father, he sent back the Holy Ghost to empower his church. These sons shall follow them that believe in my name they will cast out devils. They will speak with new tongues. They'll take up serpents. They drink any deadly thing. It'll not hurt them. They'll lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Is that the word? Amen. Then why do we live below our calling? We got to get back to the gospel. Amen. We got to stop settling for imitations and and weak traditions and seeking substitutes when you can have the real genuine power of God. Amen. The Holy Ghost is real. It's real today. That's right. Same power that raised up Jesus from the dead dwells in us. That's right. But we got to have the mind of Christ where you stay into his presence until every doubt and every fear and every hesitation has been burned away by the Holy Ghost. Because if you're still struggling, if you're still doubting, then something's wrong with your experience. But when you're born again and your sins are confessed and washed in the blood, you stand there unadulterated, a child of God, the life of God in you. And when that happens, you can speak that word and it'll come to pass. Amen. Now, Jesus humbled himself and was glorified. We've got to humble ourselves to this word. We got to say, "Yes, it is for us." We got to quit making excuses. It's time to start to stop doubting and start believing. Amen. The blood has been shed. The spirit has been given. The word has been spoken. How many believes the message has been given? Then we ought to walk on it. Amen. Walk on that stairway into the power of God. You know, doubt and fear and all of those things are like skates that are left by children on the stairway. You know, you don't step on them. Down you'll go. Amen. But to ascend the stairway, you've got to avoid ever fear. Denounce ever doubt. Climb the stairway. Get in the presence of God. Amen. Amen. We're a word bride. And when we receive his word, it's his power working in us. And Jesus said these words, "Whatever you ask the father, in my name, that will I do." Amen. How many believes that? Whatever you ask the father in my name, that will I do. Yes. Do you believe it? Well, then have you ever stopped? Have you ever really stopped to think about what it means? This is what brother Brandham taught us in this fundamental foundation for faith. That when you go before God in Jesus name, it is as if Jesus himself is praying. Did you hear that? Yes. Do you realize when we go before God in Jesus' name, it's as if Jesus himself was praying. It's no longer just you or me standing there with our own words and our own weakness. No, when we pray, he stands in our place. Amen. I want you to think about it. If if I come before the father in my own name, I come with my flaws. Right? My failures, my doubts. But when I come in his name, everything changes. God doesn't see me. He sees his son. He hears Jesus voice in my prayer. That's what the prophet taught us. And what did Jesus say? Whatever you ask the father in my name that I do. Not my do, not could do, I do it. So when I go to the father in Jesus' name, it's not even me praying anymore. It's him, his spirit, his authority, his righteousness praying through me. And if Jesus is praying, how could the father deny it? How could his word fail? It can't. That's right. It won't. It'll do exactly what he said. That's right. You know why? Because when Jesus speaks, things happen. That's right. When Jesus pray, mountains move. When Jesus intercedes, heaven responds. And when we pray in his name, we step into that same power. Not because of who we are, but because of who he is. So we are to humble ourselves before God. and he will exalt us. Amen. And as you humble before God, you're exalted or lifted into heavenly places. But real submission requires resisting the devil. That's what we fail to realize. Real submission to God requires resisting the devil. standing firm in the faith knowing that when we resist him, he will flee. Amen. That's right. This is vitally important. I I can't overemphasize it. And as I close this morning, I want to want to emphasize it what I can. Submission will require much more than just a humble attitude of a stooped shoulder. and a bowed head or bended knees, but it requires resisting the devil. Come on. I I I've quoted you the scripture. Submit yourself to God, resist the devil. Submit yourself to God, resist the devil. Come on. stand firm in faith and knowing when we resist him, he'll flee. Resisting the devil is part of submitting to God. I've submitted it to God, Brother Tim. Uh but have you resisted the devil? When we stand firm on the word of God, the devil has no choice but to flee. I want you to get this thought. I want you to fill your soul with it as you go home. moment. I want I want it to change your thinking forever. What does it mean to submit to God? He's the general, right? We're in a war. We're in a battle, right? Amen. He He's the captain of our salvation. Correct. Amen. So, he gives the marching orders, right? His orders are resist the devil. Did you get your orders? Look, the orders he left the church was resist the devil. In my name, cast him out. In my name, heal the sick. That's right. So, he left us a commission. He left us orders. You see, to not actively resist is insubordination. To be passive and let the devil run over you is defying God's authority and refusing to obey orders. The orders are kick him out. Amen. Oh, if we could just clear the channel and sweep away our man-made doctrines and fear and doubt and religious formalities and our excuses and fully surrender to the will of God, that the church would explode in the supernatural. Why? Because it would kick Satan out. This is the time to bring Satan down. It is the casting down of Satan. Amen. It is the ascending of the church. It is time that you as a body of Christ rise in power, knowing your calling, seeing you're under the blood. Your sins are gone. You stand as redeemed children of God. And every devil's got to go. Every mountain's got to move. Amen. Satan is defeated. And Jesus Christ is a conqueror. And we're we're behind his banner this morning following our captain who said, "Take the devil out. I want you to resist him in your life. Cast him out of your home. Cast him out of your family. Cast him out of the church. And let the spirit of God reign supreme. Let's stand together and worship God. Hallelujah. Amen. As the musicians come, we were we were we weren't created to live beneath our calling and our beneath our privilege. We were born again for reign, to have dominion, to be a new creation in Christ, designed to rule, to control, to bring praise to the Almighty. But die to your thinking. He told you to resist. He's going to flee. Are you resisting the devil? Is the church resisting the devil? Oh, no. We just pray a little passive prayer and oh God help this poor person. We got to believe that he is and that he'll reward those that climb the stairway. Come into his presence. Ignore the voice of the accuser cuz he's going to accuse you every step of the way. He going to tell you why you shouldn't climb a little higher. Why that you don't deserve to be in God's presence. reminds you of past failures and faults and and what you've done in the past. But I want you to remind him this morning, Jesus paid it all and all my sins are gone and I'm washed in the blood of the lamb and I stand as redeemed property and healing is mine and deliverance is mine and salvation is coming to my house today. Amen. Deliverance is coming to my home. Amen. We're going to walk in victory. We are a people of faith. and walk in that faith. Yes. Hallelujah. The blood shall never lose its power. [Music] We got to quit leaning on the smallmindedness of human understanding and learn to lean on the mind of Christ. What did he say I am? Not what you feel like. What did he say? Not what reason says. The doctor says you can never get well, but God says you can. I'm the Lord God that heals all diseases. [Music] His blood will never lose its [Music] power. It won't. He's still the intercessor. You see, false traditions want to make it where, oh, that's all passed. If that's true, the blood is no more. And there no intercession through the blood and that's the only way you can come. So that means no one else can be saved. Oh, we'll give them life. You can't give them life. Only Christ can give them life. Salvation comes only through the blood, the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit is just as viable and real today. And it's for every person. It's for everyone. [Music] The same power that operated in Jesus ought to flow from through us just as naturally as breathing. until miracles are no longer [Music] rare. I'm looking at the end. You might be looking here. I'm looking at the end. Remember the boy with the bicycle? Amen. The way he won the prize was how not by looking at here and all the dangers here and falling off. They they put it on a a little tiny pathway, you know, and the one who could ride this this deal all the way would win the new swim bike. and all of them fell off. But this one little boy, he wasn't all that athletic. But when he got down to the end, he looked up to the other boys and said, "Boys, the reason why you fell because you looked down here. I kept my eye on the end." I'm looking at the end. I'm looking at, friends, where the bride will be glorified. Where we're going to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling eye, where all sickness will fade away, where missing limbs will be restored, where blind eyes will be open. Come on. I'm looking at the end. I'm looking at the full promise. And I'm just saying as we're pedaling down the road, that power that the Holy Ghost is taking us right into there. And as we near that, the baptism of the Holy Ghost gets stronger and stronger and stronger. And the power of of the church rises. It don't decrease, it increases. Yes, sir. So expect increase in your power. And for us to be glorified. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Can you just stop and thank him for a minute of what he has done for you and what the blood has done? Can you just stop for a minute and say, [Music] "Lord, you've taken the vile center. You made me clean, acceptable in your sight. And right now I'm coming by faith in your presence. Through the door, Jesus, till heaven was open, the stairway was made. Oh God, let me ascend in your presence as I walk ascending into the holy hill. Let your spirit come down, Lord, delivering me, oh God, bringing deliverance for me, my family, for my needs in Jesus name. Thank you Lord for your blessings. Thank you for your power of your blood. Lord may we never forget what the blood has done for us that we're a people born of the blood of God in Jesus name. Lord I give this congregation to you Lord. I ask that faith will rise in their hearts. Lord, that they'll just step up a little higher today in their walk with you in Jesus name. [Music] The blood Jesus shed for me. Great. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day will never lose it power. Come on, sing it now. For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the valley. Oh yes. The valley that it gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose his power. For it reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain. Thank you Lord. And it flows to the Lord Valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. It saves my bounce now. [Music] through the my all [Music] [Applause] my and it cries all my tears. The flow gives me strength day today. It will never lose it power. [Music] Let it go. [Music] For the blood gives me strength day and today it will never lose his power for it to all my doubts and it calls my [Music] feet and it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength day to day. It will never lose its [Music] power. For it reaches to the highest [Music] fountain to the lowest valley. of that gives me strength from day to day. It will never It'll never lose its power. No, it will never lose its power. Sing it again. It will never lose it. [Music] Power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Mercy, your mercy. [Music] I have my soul cast worthy my life [Music] My [Music] life my soul cast down God's mercy [Music] rebuild. God's mercy. [Music] I love I I know myself. [Music] You are [Music] here with our I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker. God is that darkness. My God is maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, hiding in darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here turning life around. I worship you. I worship you. I healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are a way [Music] maker, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Applause] are. Maker, here come in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here every heart. I worship you. I worship you. For you are manger, miracle worker, promise keeper. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker. How is he right in the darkness? My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't even see it, you're working. Even when I feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. You are here touching every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here meeting everything. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Hallelujah. Why don't you just lift your hands right where you're at? Lord, we thank you for coming by our way this morning. Lord, you're touching every heart. Lord, showing us that we've got overcoming power. We're not waiting for it to arrive. We're in speaking condition. Help us to walk through that open door this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. I can. I will. I do believe. I can. I will. I do believe. I can. I will. I do believe that Jesus heals me now. Oh, I can. Lord, I do believe I can. I do believe I can. I will. I do believe that Jesus heals me now. I'm trusting. I'm trusting in the Lord. I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trusting me [Music] in. He me. Oh, I can. I can. I will. Oh, I can. I will. I do believe. I can. I will. I do believe that Jesus is me. Hallelujah. Amen. When you're walking through a valley and the shadows are all around. What did he say? Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you or forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. Puts a song up in this part of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We were sinners so unworthy. We had more to die. filled us with his holy spirit that can stand it and [Music] testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy it will never end. God is good. God is good all the time. Songs all the praise in this. God bless you this morning. You're dismissed. We'll see you on Wednesday night. The darkest night
