################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - Faith in God’s Provision - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on May 7, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-07
Title:    Faith in God’s Provision - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on May 7, 2025
Speaker:  Timothy Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iB5QyWyOfgY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] All I've ever needed. Oh, come and make me new. Say, pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh. Oh, fill my cup. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit [Music] out. Lord, I seek you. Oh, tonight help me find. Oh, how I need your touch. Oh, find my drive. in broken places thirsty for your love. And Lord, forgive me if I wander far away from you. Oh, you are all I You're all I ever needed. Oh, come in vain. Make me new and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall and fresh. Oh, fill my cup [Music] again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Cuz I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. Oh, I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move. Oh, can you say it again? Say I'm [Music] expecting, anticipating. Oh, a move of God. A move. Sing it again. Say, I'm expecting. I'm expect. Oh, anticipating a move of God. The move of God. Oh, I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a [Music] victory for the battle. Oh yes. Let's all stand and sing it now. Say, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle. Oh, say it again. Say that I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, and I'm going to see a victory. A [Music] victory. The battle belongs to you, Lord. And nothing comes close to the Lord Almighty. Nothing as sweet as your love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord. Almighty, nothing as sweet as. Oh, in mercy nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty, nothing as sweet as your love and mercy. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful, such an awesome God, so [Music] selfless. Oh yes, Lord, so faithful you are. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful, such an awesome God. So, so generous. [Music] Oh, you are you're such an awesome God. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more of you. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain. I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more of you, God. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you. Oh, is that your prayer tonight? Sing it again. Say a fire down in my soul that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more of you, God. will set a fire that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more. One more time. Set a fire down in my soul. Can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. Oh, I want more. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Oh, here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. Oh yes, Lord. You're all together one and here I am and here I am to work. Oh here I am to bow. Oh here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together love. Oh yes, Lord. You're all together. Oh. Oh yes. Sing it to him again. Say, "Here I am. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Oh, here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together love. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] You're wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. Love me. All together. Oh, just tell them, Lord, you're wonderful to me. You're wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Ask brother Joe Adams if you open the service for us in prayer. I want to continue to remember to pray for brother Ben Coleman. sent a message earlier that they were going to be moving him to a rehab facility. Just still needs prayer as he recovers from that surgery and the nerves to recover, the pain to subside and and that he just have a total and complete healing in his body. Also want to remember to pray for brother Ron Spencer tonight just that the Lord would continue to move on his situation, touch him in a supernatural way and amen be with him. Also, we had a prayer request that was sent in from Sister Kathy Morgan. She asked that we'd remember her in prayer tonight with a lot of pain that she's having in her back, difficulty walking with that. Amen. If you have a need you wanted to lift to the Lord and ask him to come by your way. Amen. Whatever that need may be, you might say, "Lord, just set a fire in my soul tonight or come down and touch a loved one." Whatever it would be. Amen. I believe he's here to meet each one. Let's go to him together in prayer. Let's just take these knees to the Lord now. Father, Lord, we come humbly before your throne tonight to Lord, just to lift up our praise and adoration unto thee, oh God. Lord, we thank you first and foremost for all that you have done for us, Lord. Lord, as the scriptures would tell us that you first loved us, Lord, that's therefore we have a long ending in our hearts, Lord, to love you back. So thankful, Lord, that we were in your thoughts, in your mind, Lord, before the foundation of the world. And we are right now, Father, only displaying, Lord, those thoughts and attributes that you had of us. And Lord, you see our heart's desire is to just draw close to you tonight. Lord, in each and every day, every service, Lord, you have given us an opportunity to come in your presence, God. May it not be in vain tonight, oh God. But Lord, as we approach you, Lord, may we come with a an atmosphere, Lord, to worship you, to give thanks, oh God, to water that seed that's been planted with thanksgiving and praise, Lord. For Lord, if it had not been for you, then where would we be tonight, Lord, you had watched over that life. You watched over that seed that's been planted, Lord. You kept it from harm. You kept it from danger. And Lord, we are here tonight, Father, just to give our thanks back to you. God, I pray there'd be such an atmosphere of worship that'll be surrounded each and every one of us, Lord, as we combine together, Lord, with our licks of fire to create such an atmosphere, Lord, that'll usher in your presence. And Lord, tonight we want to pray for those that are in need. Lord, you see brother Ben, Lord, in the situation in his body with his back, Lord, retaining fluid. We just ask that you'd go to him even now, Lord, in that hospital room, as brother Mike said. Lord, you'd take all the the pain and discomfort away, God. All the swelling, God. May it subside tonight, Lord. And may you give our brother peace in his body. And Lord, calm the troubled waters that's come against him in his life. Father, we also pray tonight for Sister Kathy who's down on her back. Lord, touch her and God, just bring healing to that body and that daughter of God. Lord, we remember Brother Ron tonight as you see the need there. Lord, what a valiant servant he has been, Lord, through much adversity, God, battling cancer now four to five years. And Lord, you said if he would trust you that you would use him like never before. And Lord, certainly you're using him. But tonight, God, he's in need of a touch from you. And we ask that you'd go to your servant, Lord, our friend and our brother tonight and touch him in his body. And Lord, drive the sickness from him tonight, Lord. Not only him, Sister Donna Balor, they're suffering with cancer as well. May you move on that scene, God. And every hand that was uplifted to you tonight in the house of God, Lord, you you know the need represented by that uplifted hand. May you just touch that need and direct brother Timothy tonight, God, as he would, Lord, begin to break the bread of life and begin to preach under the anointing, God. May you just direct him to hearts and lives and situations in need. But we believe you're an ontime God. And Lord, we understand that you can move a man completely away from his notes just to deal with a heart. So we invite you tonight, God. Bless us in your presence. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. The brothers can take up the offering this evening. Lost or [Music] save find their way at the sound of your great name. [Music] All condemned. Feel no shame at the sound of your great name. And every fear. It has no place at the sound of your great name. And the enemy he has to leave. Oh, at the sound. Yes. Of your great name. And Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] hold for us. Son of God and man, you are high and lifted up. Oh, and all the world will praise your great [Music] name. Oh, and all the weak, they find their strength. Oh, aren't you thankful for that? At the sound of your grace. Oh, and hungry souls they receive [Applause] grace at the sound of your great name. In the fatherless they find their rest. Oh, at the sound of your great name. I know the sick are healed. Yes. And the dead are [Applause] raised at the sound. Oh, your great name in Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb was slain for us. Oh, the son of God and man, you are high. Oh, and all the world will praise your great [Music] name and all the way. Oh, let's sing it again. They find their strength. Oh, at the sound. Amen. Is that why you're here tonight? To receive strength from the Lord. Oh, hungry souls, they receive grace. Oh, at the sound of your great name. In the fatherless they find their rest. Oh, at the sound. Oh, of your great name. And the sick are here and the dead are raised. Oh, at the sound. Yes. Of your great name. Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb that was [Music] slain. Oh, the son of God and man. You are high and lifted up. Oh, and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Oh, what is he to you tonight? Say, "Redeemer! Redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my savior, defender. You are my oh redeemer, my healer, Lord, all my savior, defender. Oh, sing it again. Redeemer, redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my Savior. Oh, you are my [Music] king and Jesus. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, for us, son of God. You are highly lifted up. and all the world will praise. Oh, can you just praise his name tonight? Just give him a worship, Lord, however you see fit. Just lift your hands, clap your hands, just tell him how much you love him tonight. He's worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's worthy of our praise tonight. Amen. Amen. And he's proven to be a redeemer, a healer. Hallelujah. He's my savior, my defender. Amen. Don't you love him tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just tell him, Lord, you're worthy of everything I can give to you tonight. Amen. We thank you, Lord, for this time we have. Thank you, Lord God, for another service to worship you, Lord. Lord, that's what we're here to do, Lord, is to give back to you. We're not just here to receive, but we're here to give, Father. We give you our worship, our love. Lord, we give you everything we have tonight, Father. Worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah, you're wonderful to us, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over heart and every [Music] mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, tonight I speak Jesus. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to pray. Oh, we're here to declare tonight to a world that there's hope. There is hope. There is freedom. There is freedom. From every shackle I speak Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Oh, break every stronghold. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Tonight, Lord. Burn like a Your name is power. Say your name is power. Oh, your name is heing. Your name is life. Oh yes Lord. Break every stronghold shine through the shadow over like a fire. And I just want to speak to say that I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Yes. Over here in all anxiety to every soul held captive. Soul held captive by the praise. Oh, can you speak Jesus tonight? Oh, I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name. Oh, it's light and break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. her life of power. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus. Say, shout Jesus from the mountain. Oh, and Jesus is Oh, Jesus over. And I speak Jesus for my family. I speak the holy. Oh Jesus. Yes. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Oh, your name is [Music] life and break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows over loud the fire. Say it again. Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh yes it is Lord. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows of burn love. We'll sing it one more time. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Oh, just praise his name again tonight. Give him a hand clap tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shine through the shadows tonight. Amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Things happen when you speak the name of Jesus. Amen. We're thankful to serve a God like that that has a name so powerful, a name that is greater than any other name. At the mention of that name, every demon has to flee. Amen. We just want to go to him in prayer for a moment. Father, just ask once again that you would just speak to our hearts, meet us tonight according to your word. Father, we just give this service to you, Lord. Just as we've kind of had to fight to get here, but Lord, we're here. We're here to serve you and to be used of you, Father. We just submit ourselves to you for this moment in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Psalms 127 verse one. Also, Philippians 4 19 if you would. like to speak to you on faith in God's provision. Amen. Provision is a an arrangement or a preparation beforehand as for the doing of something or the meeting of needs or the supplying of means. Something that's provided a measure or means for meeting a need. How many has a need tonight? Well, he's a God that can meet your need. Amen. Psalms 127 and verse one said, "Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it, except the Lord keep the city. The watchman waketh but in vain. It is in vain for you to rise up early to sit up late to eat the bread of sorrow. For so he giveth his beloved sleep." Philippians 4 and verse 19 said, "But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus." Amen. Aren't you thankful you serve a God who can supply all your needs? Amen. We let you be seated. Just looking as we as we kind of break into this thought for a moment, something that's kind of been on my heart since last Wednesday is I would want to bring a portion of that as far as a quote back back to your remembrance. Something that struck me. You know, I was telling um brother this week, I said, "Sometimes you put things in your in your sermons or quotes or scriptures and and they're good and and they they do something for you is why you put them in there, but sometimes it's in the middle of the preaching and the anointing is taken over that you really see why you put it in there." A and so just looking at the scripture, except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. Except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh, but in vain. It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, and to eat the bread of sorrows. I I just looking at that, of course, there's many scriptures, amen, that talks about getting up early and not being slothful and all of this. So this this scripture is not contradicting that, but actually if you look at it, he's speaking about it is vain for you to rise up early or sit up late and be worried about everything that's going on and you get up early worried or you stay up late worried or and you eat the bread of sorrow and the things of worry and fret and all of that things that brings that that brings with it. Amen. Amen. But you know, if you would realize that it is God that builds a house, no matter how much you labor, it is God that does it. No matter how much you watch, it is God that keeps you. Amen. It is God that watches over you. It's God that has arranged and made provision for every step of your life. Amen. When you get down into times that you don't know what you can do on your own or or you've tried this or you tried that and you watch many times God in those moments allow you to get there and then he'll come and he'll drop handfuls on purpose. Amen. He'll bring provisions in your time of need. And and I believe tonight he's got a provision for you that if you have a need here tonight that he he's here to meet that need. He's here to uh Amen. to come down and to minister to that need. And I I this is this is a quote that I want to bring back. Amen. The bride in the rapture will come forth. It was all pre-planned by God. All backed up from by God from the beginning. He knows every man, every place who would sit all about it. It's all pre-planned. God knew it would be here. He made it that way so that when we get there, he's already prepared a place for you. Amen. When we get there, it's all prepared. Amen. just like even this night is prepared. I love that that that God is so uh he's so uh he pays attention to details. Amen. He's he's interested in every little portion and everything to where not there won't be an empty place at his table or neither will there be some surprised guest, but he knows each and every one that's going to be there. He knows each and every one that's going to have a place at that table at the marriage supper of the lamb. And he has made a a preparation for that. And and he's gone to prepare a place. We can read that in John 14 and verse one. He said, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. It will not so. I would have told you, but I go to prepare a place for you." Amen. I go to prepare. I go to make ready. I go to make the necessary preparations and to get everything ready. In other words, this is not a spur-of-the- moment event. Amen. This is not happen stance or con or coincidence. God is preparing a place for a prepared people. Amen. The prophet of God would speak about it in the Leoian church age. He said, "The throne room has been set up. The 12 foundations have been laid. The streets of gold have been paved. The ga gates of gigantic pearls are raised raised up and hinged like a pyramid. She stands so fair and glorious. The heavenly beings which who have prepared her watch breathlessly for she glistens and shines with a glory that is unearly. Every facet of her beauty tells the story of amazing grace and Jesus love. She is a city prepared for a prepared people. Amen. and she awaits only for her inhabitants. And as soon and soon they will throng her streets with joy. Hallelujah. I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to that time. Amen. That God has put such thought and God has put such effort and God has put such of his own of his own mind into to prepare a place, amen, to take me out of this world that this earthly body be dissolved. I have a mansion that is waiting for me. I don't know about you, but I'm not interested in a mansion as far as how uh four stories or five Amen. 5,000 or 18,000 square foot and all of this and gold door knobs and that that ain't the kind of mansion I'm looking for. But I am looking for a mansion that's about this tall and brown headed and brown eyes. Amen. And I'm looking for that mansion. And God has prepared us a place. Amen. But was as we heard Sunday, it's only going to be Amen. for a people that is prepared to go there. Amen. He said, you know, I don't believe that a person just happened to be here by chance. Come on now. I'm going to tell you right now, not one of you in this building is here by chance. You're not here, Amen. by by a whim or maybe you just, well, I I I wasn't going to go to church, but right at the last moment, it wasn't by chance. But God pulled on your heart and God brought you here and God has set you in a place. He said, "Think about it. When you come into the world, everything had been prepared for you." Amen. He said, "I don't want to hardly understand that how we could think a God that could prepare all these good things for us and we can't trust him in the middle of our trials. If he brought us into this chaos we're in now and he's prepared the good things of life for us here, how much more can we trust him to prepare things that are to come? Hallelujah. If God has prepared a place for you upon this earth and and he put something on the inside of you to draw you to him and he's brought you to a place Listen, you didn't come to you didn't come to this service by chance. You didn't come into this truth by chance. Amen. You didn't come to God by chance. It wasn't a lottery pick. It was not by chance. It was by the will and the word of Almighty God. God put you here. God placed you here. God done it. It ain't what man has done or what you have done. It's what God did. Hallelujah. So, if God's done this and God's brought you into this place and he's taken care of you and he's provided for you, listen, you may not have everything the world has to offer, but listen, that's nothing but temporary things anyhow. That's right. Sure, there's a lot of people with a lot more money and a lot of people with a lot more cars and a lot of people with a lot more land, but that's not what we're here for. We're seeking a city that has been built without hands. We're seeking a seeking a city that's not a a a city that'll one day he'll be here and the next day be gone, but we're seeking a place that has been spoke of and has been longed for and has been sought after and God has prepared it for you. He said, I I don't think you know that heaven is a place that my mother used to tell me about. Uh he said, "I believe the church has grown from that 100 years ago to think I think old-times used to think that every one of us died and we went to heaven and we had a harp and we sat on the clouds and we played a harp and they knew that there was a place called heaven." He said, "If that be so, all musicians would have it have it on us, you know, because they already know how to play. But that isn't that kind of place. It isn't playing harps at all." He said, "I don't believe the Bible teaches that." But that was a conception they had before the fullness of the word came into existence or the opening of the seven seals as promises in this age. Now we understand. He said, "I believe that heaven is a real place just the same as this is a real place." Come on, somebody. But how much more real is it? Amen. A place. Amen. Could you imagine living in such a wonderful place? Amen. but in this tore up, messed up body. But God knew that this body couldn't live there. So God went and prepared a body for you that you could also live there and you could have heaven on the inside of you and the eternal life moving and living inside of you. The place that you'll never grow old. You'll never be downhearted again. You'll never face anxiety or fear again. Amen. You'll never get up early or stay up late worrying and dreading and wondering. Amen. But God's going to give you a place without fear, without anxiety, without worry, without sickness. He said, I believe heaven's a place that's real. God started us on our spiritual grow growth in this place that we're in. And he said, "I believe that, but I believe that heaven is a place just as real as this. We won't sit up there for eternity and just sit on a cloud. We don't just strum our harp all from o from over here, you know, go over there. We're going to a real place where we're going to do things where we're going to live, where we're going to work, where we're going to enjoy, where we're going to live, we're going to have life, a real eternal life. We're going to a heaven, a paradise. Just like Adam and Eve worked and lived and eat and enjoyed the Garden of Eden before sin come in. We're on our way back there. Amen. That's right. Right back. The first Adam through sin took us out. But the second Adam through righteousness is bringing us back again. He's justified it and is bringing us back. He said, he said, "I know." He said, "You think sometimes that heaven is just that kind of place, but heaven is real. Just think of it." But think of it, he has went to prepare a place. He said, just like your earthly parents before you came here, before they even knew you were coming, they made ready for your coming, right? Amen. They they they they booted they knitted the booties. They I don't guess they do that no more. They bought Nike shoes, whatever they done. They they uh they put a crib up. They painted the walls whether it's going to be pink or blue or whatever. And they put it all just what was it? They were preparing for a a body. They were preparing for a little baby. So they were making preparations for it. And he said if those parents did that, if your earthly parent, Amen, made that kind of preparation for you to come up here on this earth, how much more is God making preparation for you to leave this place and to come home with him? Hallelujah. I I I just bear with my with me in my folly. But I believe God is looking. So, oh Lord, don't you think angels, he's going to like that right there and they're going to like that right there and they're going to like that right over there. Don't you think they're going to enjoy this? Wow. I can't hardly wait for me to receive my children. I can't hardly wait for them to come home to me. He is looking for you. And he's an anticipation for your coming making ready your earthly parents which were earthly parent only in type as a type of the heavenly parent. He said but he said in the scripture he said if you know to give good gifts to your children how much more does the heavenly father know how to give good give good gifts to his children. Jesus spoke these words they made ready for your coming. They made a little crib. They got some booties, Nikes, whatever little clothes and so forth. They made ready everything before you arrived. They prepared before you even took your first breath here on this earth. And Jesus has gone to make ready our coming there. Notice in my father's house is many mansions. It's many mansions. Hallelujah. He's got a He's a God of variety. He don't make just one cookie cutter mansion. And this is what we're all going to have to live in. Listen, he wants all of us in our own special way. Amen. Amen. Listen to you as a earthly parent. I gave birth to four children. Amen. Come from my lawyers and through the bedding ground of my wife. Amen. They're all four different. All right. There's two girls and two boys, but the two boys are different from each other. The two girls are different from each other. But I love them. Everyone, they're all special to me. I I I love their certain attributes they have and the certain characteristics that they have. Amen. But listen, God is even beyond all of that. God prepared you. He envisioned you in his mind before the foundation of the world. He actually got a glimpse. He got He got a picture of you before you ever went through a fall, before you ever made a mistake, before you ever got one scar. And he saw you in his mind. Yeah. Hallelujah. He didn't make us all Timothy Pruduit or Joe Adams or Aaron Hogens. He made us everyone different. All right. But he loves every one of us. Just as you love every one of your children. Come on now. So tell that devil he's a liar when he tries to tell you God don't love you. the world. He said, "Look," he said, he said, "I don't believe." So, maybe you didn't believe me. I'll read it. Okay. I don't believe when we get to heaven, just everybody will look just alike. Hallelujah. You know how boring it would be if we all looked alike right now? If I was literally preaching to 200 Timothy Puits, do you know what? What? Pick Pick a better one then, brother. Okay. What if I was preaching the 200 Joe Adams? I'd be Oh, glory to God. Boring. Same amens, same response. Same way of praising God. Same way of responding to the word. Listen, God loves all of his family. So, he made every one of us different. Some of us may shout real loud. Some of us may cry real hard. Some of us may not be able to do nothing but just let it all soak into the inner soul, inner realms of our being. And we don't know how to even how to even express ourselves. God still loves you. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what the devil tries to tell you. Amen. As long as when he comes through, you allow him to move how he wants to move. You allow him to come upon your heart and you fully surrender yourself to him. That's all that matters. He said, "Could you imagine?" And he said, "I don't believe all will be blondes or brunettes or all little bitty guys or all big guys, all giants." I believe that God is a God of variety. The world proves that he's got big mountains and little mountains. He's got plains. He's got deserts. He's got oceans. He's got land. He got a He made seasons, summer, winter, spring, and autumn. It shows he's a god of variety. He made us or you in a variety. Some men are real blusterous. Some are real dogmatic. Others are fine and others are kind. You see, it just f you find all different kinds of people in his kingdom. So what I'm trying to do is cut that complex off. Amen. Because you know the devil wants to come along and he wants to say, "Well, if you ain't doing it like this one's doing or if you ain't do listen. Oh, we all we're not wanting I can't say it enough. We ain't wanting a church full of just somebody just shouting just because that's what they, you know, just just because we're not trying to get anybody to that place." You understand what I'm saying? It ain't it ain't just a bunch of emotions. But what we want is when God moves, we want people that are able to release themselves and let God move in them how God moves in them. And if it's shouting, glory to God. If it's dancing, glory to God. If it's clapping the hands, glory to God. If it's raising a hand and tears coming down, amen, glory to God. Whatever it is. Amen. As long as you give a 100%. Amen. when he comes through and you say, "God, I want to be a receiving station for your presence." God's a God of variety. See, he says, you know, look at St. Peter and judge him by Andrew. Andrew, he said he was a prayer warrior. He stayed on his knees. Apostle Peter was a fire brand. Cut your ear off, you wouldn't care. Well, that was before the Holy Ghost. Paul was more scholarly like, notice, many mansions. Many kinds of mansions, like many kinds of hills, like many kinds of rivers. What would it be like if he went to go see the mountains? And you said, "What a beautiful mountain." And drove all the way over the country and is the same mountain. That'd get boring. Same river, same stream, looked exactly alike. He is a God of variety. Amen. He's a God of variety. He said, "Because the kindness of your heavenly fathers placed them." He said, "Because some men like mountains, some people like water, some people like deserts." Yep. There's some of them, too. Well, he knew your nature. He made it that way so you could enjoy it. Oh, glory to God. I think that's a wonderful father. Amen. Though he made it like this, I'm glad he made m He said, "I like mountains. I like that." Well, say, "Well, I can't stand all these mountains." Must be He must have emptied his mortar box out here. Brother James Wilson always told me that about about Missouri. He go up there in Missouri, a bunch of rocks. He said, "I believe that's where God put all the scraps when he was done." Right. God's got God got God got God got God got God got God got God got God got God got God got God got it all he he provided so if he knew there was going to be somebody that was here going to come on this earth that like mountains so he built a mountain and he knew there was somebody here that's going to like flat land so he built flat land and he knew there was some people that going to love deserts and and the cactus and things so he built a desert come on he was making preparations he was making provisions for what he knew knew his children was going to like. So why do you think that we're going to get over there and not like it over there? If we have enjoyed this earth and its fallen condition and we have enjoyed its beauty and we've enjoyed amen different parts and places of it, don't you know how much more we're going to enjoy it over there when heaven comes back here upon earth? And this earth is actually in the position and the place it was supposed to be before the fall. And we're going, you think we're not going to enjoy that? Of course, we're going to enjoy that. Well, then you say, "Well, I like the planes where I can see a long ways. I like them for about two days. All that wind." Brother Jeremy text me today asked me, "How's it doing?" So, I'm just going to bring him up. But Jeremy lives in Amarillo, Texas. Wind. It's all it is is wind. Just wind. Wind. Get up tomorrow be wind. Next day wind. Apparently he likes it. Lived there a long time. I like it about two or three days and I'm ready to get out of it. I like trees. I do. I listen. Understand me now. I I I don't I don't I don't look at Louisiana as one of the most beautiful places I ever been in the world. I'm here for one reason. It's this church. That's right. Come on now. Amen. But there's a lot of people that come to Louisiana and think this is the most beautiful place they ever saw. You know, cuz you know how it is. You start getting used to it and you start looking at the problems. You start looking at the issues and you start looking at this and the dirty the terrible roads and all whatever. you start all the stuff that is around and you start get negative and you start feeding on the negative and all you see is negative. You know, I actually went out to one of the most beautiful places I ever seen in the world was Flagstaff, Arizona and I wanted the Grand Canyon. I I I was just amazed. You know, I'd seen it as a little boy, but I got to go a couple of years ago and I was like, "Wow." You know, a man come up to me and said, "I'd like to live one." He lived there. He said, "I'd like to live one of these days in a beautiful place." So, I know a good place, Louisiana. Because all he could see was what he seen his whole life. And I don't know why I'm going here, but many times we get so caught up in what we can just see around us and the negativity of it. Listen, we ought to just enjoy. Amen. You grow where God has planted you. God will make a provision for you. He'll provide for you. He'll make a way where there seem to be no way. He said, 'Well, he said, 'Well, I like mountains. He said, 'Well, I like plains.' He said, 'Well, that's two different natures, both of us Christians, but the father knew that you would be here and prepared everything before you got here, so you could enjoy what you enjoy. Your first coming here, he had it ready for you when you got here. Isn't that marvelous? But remember, these are only temporary. These are temporary things that are around us, but they're expressing something that you see the tree that's struggling and trying to live. It means there's a tree somewhere that doesn't have to do that. He said, when you see a man struggling to live, somebody in a hospital or a sick bed or an AC accident struggling and the death rattles in their throat and pulling and crying, screaming for life, what does that mean? There's a place somewhere that there's a body that doesn't struggle and scream like that. Amen. It just doesn't do it. All these are temporary gifts, but they're only expressing that there is one that is eternal. This is a temporary earth as far as as what we're living on, but there's going to be an eternal. He said, "Remember the Bible said, "If this earthly tabernacle of our dwelling be dissolved, if it perish, we have another one that's already waiting." Already waiting. This is what he would tell the children of Israel as they would come out of the out of the land of Egypt and they would go into the promised land. He says, "Behold, I sent an angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared." So, it wasn't a place of just, "Well, I think y'all just go yonder way." No, he had a prepared place. He had a goal in mind. He had a He had a It was a It was made ready. It was furnished. It was a a direction that was arranged. It was an order to what they were doing. It may not have looked like it. Of course, it didn't look like it to Pharaoh because they seem to wander in the wilderness. But God had a plan. And we know what his plan was. He wanted Pharaoh to look there and say, "Well, they're entangled in the wilderness. Let's go back and get our slaves." But all he was doing is just enticing Pharaoh out of his kingdom down into a real a down into an ocean to drown. Come on, somebody. Amen. What was it? God had prepared them a place. God had a prepared place for them. And just as God has prepared you a place, each one of them had their place already ordained of God in the promised land. Psalms 34:23 says, "The steps of a good man are ordered," or that's another word, saying, "prepared." They are prepared by the Lord and he delightth in his way. Though he fall, he shall not utterly cast down be cast down. For the Lord upholdeth him with his hand. I have been young and now I'm old. Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread. For God is ever merciful and lendeth, and his seed is blessed. How many is the seed of God? Then you're blessed. I don't care if you just got $50 in your bank account tonight. You are blessed. That's right. There was a lot of seeds that got sown. Some fell on rocky ground. Some fell on places that couldn't grow and stone and birds come and picked them up and carried them away. He said, "But those which are sown in good ground," Brother Brown would take that and he would say, "It is prepared ground." Good ground such as hear the word and receive it and bring forth fruit. Some 30fold, some 60, some 100. That's Mark 4 and verse 20. The word of God is a seed and it must have a ground prepared beforehand. If you sowed seed, you know, and you just throwed it out on the ground, it's likely not to come up. How many ever tried to do a garden like that? Just walk out with some seeds and throw it out in the ground and see what's happening. No, you get your tiller out or whatever and you, you know, and you you make a you make a place or you build you a box and you you get the best soil you can find or whatever. What are you doing? You're preparing a place for seed to grow. Amen. This is what he did. He said he said, "So the ground has to be made ready first." So God in sovereign grace prepares the heart first. He makes provisions. He prepared you before the foundation of the world to receive him in this age. He forneew you by his fornowledge and ordained you to eternal life. He knew you. Therefore, he prepared you. Glory to God. That's the reason you staggered out of this and you staggered into what you have now. It was God leading you to the place where he had ordained you to be. And if this ground isn't prepared beforehand, it will not grow. That's the reason the seed of faith. When you're preaching faith, you see the discernment of the Lord. You see things taking place, the gifts of the Bible working. People work themselves. Oh, hallelujah. I believe it. Come up, find themselves disappointed. What was it? That ground has to be prepared. It's for ordained. It has to be prepared. And then you know when it strikes prepared ground. This is why we can't come to the house of God unprepared. All right. Come on. Hello, somebody. I'm on it right now. You wouldn't want the preacher to come here unprepared, would you? Amen. Ain't looked at nothing in 20 days. Ain't or or since the last whatever. A ain't read his Bible. Ain't looked at nothing. Ain't ain't prayed. Ain't done nothing. Just come up here with a blank piece of paper and say, "Well, that's all I got tonight." How many would go home disappointed? Yeah. You done made all the sacrifice. You done drove miles. You done got dressed. You rushed home from work. And you get here and there's an unprepared preacher not ready to preach. Well, let's flip-flop that around. Amen. A preacher gives it all and he prays and he and he looks and he's searching for the mind of God. God's got a word and that word's a seed, but it has to fall upon prepared ground. Amen. This is why we can't come unprepared. It's why we got to come praying and believing and asking and seeking God and saying, "God, help Brother Timothy. Help Brother Tim. Help the brothers. Whoever's preaching, help. I need something. I need a a jolt of the Holy Ghost tonight. I I need a little fertilizer. My leaves are all wilty and they're kind of hanging down. I need a little something that'll pick me back up." Listen, I ain't got miracle grow for you, but I got a miracle for you. Yes, sir. Amen. There's a miracle of his word that if it'll be received in in the prepared place, in a prepared ground, it will bring forth. He says, "So, of course, you came to this earth. You were trapped into this sin by your first parents, Adam and Eve. You came as a sin by nature, sinner by nature. You didn't want to be, but then you heard the gospel and revelation struck because there was something on the inside of you, brother L. Do you know how many other people heard they heard about serpent seed and they thought, "Man, that's the craziest stuff I ever heard." That is that is out there. What have you been drinking? What have you been smoking? My church don't believe that. But brother Hail heard it. And he's like, "Tell me more." What was it? It was something that was placed on the inside of him. Others had heard it, heard it, turned it away for who knows how many times. Brother Joshua went he he had told about he told this one, he told that. They laughed at and they scorned. All of a sudden, there came a place that was prepared and a word was spoke. Said, you know, it wasn't an apple in the garden. What was it? And he begin to give it to him. What happened is something sparked him on the inside. Come on. You know what that was that sparked for you? It might not have been serpent seed. It might have been baptism. It might have been the godhead. It might have been a a myriad of thing. But whatever, you know what it was. when it struck your heart and you said that's nothing but the truth. What was it? It fell on prepared ground. He said other men might sit right beside you and say, "I don't believe that stuff. That's nonsense. I don't believe it." But something was on the inside of you like they did on the day of Pentecost. They laughed. said, "These man men are full of new wine." But it was a great thing to those it was happening to. Woo! I could shout right there. Hallelujah. They can make fun. They can they can be a critic. They can do whatever they want to. They can gossip. They can clip. They can do whatever they want to. But let me tell you, it's a great thing to those it's happening to. That's right. They can laugh and make fun of somebody. Amen. Dancing in the spirit. But it's a great day to that one that it's happening to. They can make fun of somebody is crying their eyeballs out, but it's a great day to that one that it's happening to. While others laughed, these were rejoicing. Yeah. God was revealing himself to them. It was a revelation to the individual, which is faith. Faith that's revealed. If it wasn't faith then it wouldn't even be there. It was faith. These seeds has to have a ground prepared first. All the therefore all he forneew he called. All he called he forneew he predestinated. If you want to read that's Romans 8:28 and verse through verse 34. Ephesians 1 verse uh 1-5. All he called. All he forneew he called. All he called he justified. All he justified. He's already glorified. There's nothing out of order. It's hidden exactly the way God's word said it was. We see this message being rejected today. Isn't that just what the scripture said it would do? Amen. They would reject it. They would throw it aside. But there's somebody that's a it's it's a real thing it's happening to. There's something that struck on the inside and light came down and it broke the darkness that was inside. And that seed has come forth to life. Just like that chicken in or that eagle in that chicken pin. That eagle wondered all his life, why in the world I just don't seem to fit in with all these chicken. He tried. He tried to drink like a chicken. Tried to eat like a chicken, tried to b like a chicken, cuss like a chicken, I guess. Tried all kinds of them. Something just wasn't right. But all of a sudden, one day out in that chicken yard, you heard something. It was from another dimension. How many remembers that eagle screaming at you? It's a word speaking to the word. Amen. The eagle screamed. Amen. Something on the inside resonated with that eagle. It didn't resonate with no chicken. All it did was make the chicken scatter and they ran for the roost and they ran for the bar. Well, this eagle standing out the middle of that chicken yard say, "What is that?" Wow, that looks like me up there. I knew I didn't have the same feathers as these chickens have. I listen, he didn't all of a sudden become an eagle. He was born an eagle. Come on, somebody. You just didn't all of a sudden become a son of God. You was a son of God before the foundation of the world. It was the devil that stole you out of the nest and he put you in a chicken yard. But God's grace and mercy, he made a provision to fly over where you was at and call you by name. And something on the inside responded. God made provisions. God is still making provisions. He says, he said, "What?" He me going me going down. God making provisions, providing for you in this day that you could hear. Going back to Psalms 20 127 verse1, except the Lord build the house. Except the Lord keep the city, the watchman wakes up in vain, he's not going to be able to keep it on his own. It's going to take the Lord. You're not going to be able to make it on your own. It's going to take him. In other words, we can wake up with worry and fret and it'll not do you one bit of good. Well, what am I going to do about the bills, brother Timothy? What am I going to do about this? You're going to trust God. Sure, you're going to continue on and do what you can do as far as humanly, but don't don't get into that place to where you're worry and you can you know what that worry will do? It'll consume you to where you'll just sit down and give up and die. But it's God, the Lord builds a house. So all of our worry and all of our fret and all of that stuff. Amen. We got to trust that God is making a provision that God is providing. It is good. It has to be God that does the building and the keeping. Our worrying and our threatening about things allows pressure to build up and will do nothing but tear us down physically, tear us down emotionally, tear us down spiritually. Come on, somebody. No matter how hard you work, it is the Lord that has to build. I'm not telling you ain't got something to do. Amen. But no matter how hard you work, the Lord has to give the increase. Amen. No matter how hard you try to hold it together, it is the Lord that has to keep it. Yes. No matter if you rise up early, you sit up late or you're eating, you're eating a bread of sorrow and you're going from one thing to another, you need to stop all of that nonsense and just rest knowing that God is even working. When you don't see him working, he's building when you don't see him building. He's keeping when you don't see him keeping. He's in the middle of your storm. He's in the middle of your sickness. He's in the middle of your trial. He's in the middle of your struggle. He's in the middle of the things of life. When you think there's no way up, there ain't no way down. There ain't no way around it. God will open up a way and he'll make a way through it. Listen, that's not just that's just not here happy golucky preaching. That is the faith of almighty God that has been extended to you. The word is going forth. Is there a prepared ground to say yes Lord? I cast my worrying down. I cast my fretting down and I am going to trust you Lord. You making the provisions and when you can give it to him then you his beloved can rest. Cuz I want you to understand when you're in the middle of a trial does not change who you are. You're still his beloved. You've been made accepted in the beloved. Hallelujah. This is what it says in Proverbs 3 and verse 23. He says, "Then you will walk on your way of life securely and your foot will not stumble. When you lie down, you will not be afraid. When you lie down, your sleep will be sweet. Do not be afraid of sudden fear, nor of the storm of the wicked when it comes, because you are blameless. It's amplified. Cause you are blameless. For the Lord is your confidence and he is firm and strong and he will keep your foot from being caught in a trap. Hallelujah. In other words, he has made a way of escape. He has brought you to this place for a reason. He's brought you to this service for a reason. He's brought you here because he loves you and he's moving on your behalf even when you don't even see it. I I can remember many trials that I've been through with my children and think I think about Andrew being born with insufficient lungs lacking a substance there that he couldn't breathe. Watching their little body turn blue and his lips turn purple and all kind of fear strike me and watch them as they run down the hall with them. Of course, the devil wants to sit right there on your shoulder and say, "Well, must have really done something this time, boy. He really after you now. He wouldn't do that to you if he if you was his son. He wouldn't allow that to happen." All kinds of things started going through my mind. All kind of mistakes and failures and stuff that I had done started just like a gatling gun going. Anybody ever been there? Oh yeah. Well, if you'd have done this and this wouldn't have, you would have done this. And he he wants to try to keep you up at like late at night guessing what you could have done. Wake you up early thinking about what you could do. Here I am wondering what's what's the next step. And and I go in and they they begin to work on his little body. And I'm watching them. I'm just praying and I'm asking God to intervene and and they're pumping him. They're doing everything they can. They're putting oxygen in him and and they say the doctor saying, "Look, get get it. Get something." And she's screaming. He's not going to die on my watch. It didn't look like God was working. It looked actually the opposite. It looked like the devil was having a good time right now. My God was somewhere else. But even in the middle of the storm, he was still right there. I would go down to the Walmart the next day and my wife had had to have a C-section and I I I would go down there to go get some things. I was going to go see Andrew because they took him to another hospital over in Shreport because they couldn't he couldn't do nothing with him and mend didn't have the facility at the time. And here here he is being put in the NICU and all the all the things that's going on. And and I'm driving to Walmart to get something right quick for Sister Ruth or something. And I and I turn on the radio and there's a preacher come on there and he says and he just begin to read the scripture and he said Abraham believed in God. I said that's right. And I turned it off and I began to cry out to the Lord. I said to God, if Abraham believed you and he was way past childbearing and you gave him a son, then you told him to go slay him and he walks up there upon the altar and he puts him on an altar to sacrifice him, but you provided for him because he believed in you. And I said, I am also a son of Abraham. I said, I remember when Abraham done a lot of wrong. He he went to places he wasn't supposed to. God told him not to. He done things God told he lied. He done all kinds of things. But that was under the blood of bulls and goats. But there came a transfer and there became a new covenant. And it was no longer under the blood of bulls and goats. It was under the blood of a spotless lamb. And under the blood of that spotless lamb, God made a provision. Yes, sir. Oh, hallelujah. And in that provision, not one of Abraham's faults was ever mentioned. That's right. Matter of fact, it said he staggered not at the promises of God, but was strong in the faith. Oh, that ought to give somebody courage. You're not under the blood of bulls and goats. You're under the blood of the spotless lamb. You have not staggered. You will not fall. You will not go down. But he will keep you. Hallelujah. He will uphold you with his hand. I said, I don't know what's about to happen, but I know God's in moving. Tim would talk to me, my pastor, and he says, God's God will have a testimony. He wants you to have your own personal testimony because I was just entering into the ministry. And you know it's easy to tell other people's testimonies, but when God gives you one yourself, you can take that thing and you can wear that devil's high wear and wore his hideout for now 23 years. Whatever it is, how old are you, Andrew? 21 years. We got 23. I'll wear his hide out for 23. Cuz that devil, he tried to wear me out. He tried to tear me down. I love turning it back on him. Amen. I went, went back to the hospital and I told sister Russ, I don't know what we're about to go through, but this is what has happened. We're not going to look at monitors. We're not going to look at wires. We're not going to look at nothing. We're going to look at the promise of almighty God. It is God that gave us that son, and it's God that's going to keep him. Amen. What's the use of me worrying about it? I can't do nothing anyhow. My hands are tied. But my God, he don't He's not He's not kept back by hospital walls. He's not kept back by Amen screens and things that's there. He's not looking at none of that. He's looking at his promise. Oh, it got worse. went from a ventilator to oscillator. Paralyzed his little body. Looked like a dead little baby laying there with just little chest bumping up and down. But we didn't look at that. We looked to the [Music] promise. That's what you got to do. Who was it? Was it Daddy Bosworth? The son was in the hospital. Was that actually him? He was in a hospital and that boy was going down. Brother Brandon went and prayed for him. Nothing changed on the monitor. Nothing changed anywhere. Old Daddy Bosworth, it changed with him, though cuz he was a prepared place. Oh, come on now. The word had come and been prayed over his little boy, and he done saw enough of God to know God wasn't going to turn him down. And so what he do? He said, "Look, oh, honey, ain't it so good? Our our boy is about to go home. Ain't it so wonderful? He's healed. And that little nurse said, "Oh, man. What you looking? Look at this. Is it going down? It's going down." He said, "Oh, I'm not looking at that. I'm looking at a promise cuz God made me a provision." Come on, somebody. If you'll start not looking at what your children are doing or what's going on in your family or what's around you, but you'll start looking at your provision. That's right. You'll start looking at your promise. What God has given you, God will perform. Matthew 25, the musicians can come. Verse 31 says, "When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gathered all nations, and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats. And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, and the goats on his left. And shall the king say unto them that are on his right hand, come you blessed of my father, inherit the kingdom prepared. Amen. Prepared for you when? From the foundation of the world. God's already made a provision. He's already made a provision. Do you got faith in his provisions? Oh, we'll have faith in stock markets. Good luck. We'll have faith in all kinds of things. Put our faith in a lot of doctors. Love doctors. Appreciate them for what they do. But it's time we put our faith in his provision. God provision. God's provided. God's provided. Quit looking at symptoms. Start looking at his provision. Have more faith in his provision than you do in the symptoms. All symptoms are real. I'm not trying to say they're not. They can be very real. that God's provision is more real, more powerful, more able. God bless you tonight. Let's bow our hearts. Want me to say, "Lord, I I want to have faith in your provision tonight, Lord. What you provided, what you've given me, you you prepared for me to be here. You made it my life to be a certain way. Oh, yeah. Sometimes it's hard. Ask Abraham, Sarah. It was hard. Ask Hannah. It was hard. Ask David. It was hard. Wasn't always kingdom authority with David. He had to go through a lot of things before he ever got there. And even when he was king, it was still hard. This earth is not made to be easy. But God has made a provision for every step of your way. Have faith in him. God will provide. If you need a job, God can provide that. If you need bills to be paid, hey, I know God can provide for that. Whatever you need, God's a provider. He is Jehovah Gyra. He's more than enough. He's more than enough. Father, you see the hands that were lifted all over this building. Help us, Lord. Sometimes it's so easy to look at negative things around us, negativity of life, to see all the hard times and all the bad times. But Lord, we even in this fallen world, we've enjoyed a lot of good times, a lot of wonderful times, Lord, where you provided and you made a way, you opened up a path, God, sometimes it seems so hard because it's just one thing after another. I I was just thinking the other day on a tractor how hard life can be. And seemed like one thing after another. And then I get a phone call a few moments later about my little grandson being sick. And he spends days in and out of the hospital. And yet today, Lord, you're his provider. And you made a way, Lord, that he could be healed. We're thankful for that, Lord. God, we get bad news a lot. We see a lot of bad things happen. There's a lot of bad things going on in this earth. Sometimes it gets so easy to get caught up in all of that. But at the same time, one of the most wonderful things that's ever happened in this this whole world's history is going on as we heard Sunday. A rapture that is taking place. Oh God, may we just be enraptured into your love and mercy and grace into your Holy Spirit in those heavenly places we heard about. Lord to take us from this place into another dimension to change these old bodies to go to a prepared mansion. Bless your people tonight. Bless every hand. You know the need represented behind that hand. God, God, may you meet it. I pray meet it according to thy riches and glory. Lord, may all their worrying and fret, may they just lay it down. Say, God, this is your city. This is your body. This is your life. It is you that keeps it. It is you that builds it. It is you that take care of it. It's you, Lord, that watches over with that allseeing eye, seeing everything that's going on. God bless each heart I pray. Strengthen us today Lord by your word. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. So many times I've questioned certain [Music] circumstances things I could not [Music] understand. Many times the trials and weakness blur my vision and my frustrations get so I am reminded I've never been foren never had to stand the As I look at all the victory, the spirit rises up in me. Oh, it's through the fire. My weaknesses. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy. and that you would not be hard to find. He'd never offer victories without fight. [Applause] [Music] Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in just our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. So many times of question, oh certain circumstances, things I could not understand. So many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision and my frustrations get so out of hand. Oh, I am reminded I've never been forsaken. Then I have never had to stand the test. I love all the victory. The spirit rises up in me. Oh, and it's through the fire. My weakness is made strong. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy. that the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered a victory without fighting, but he said help would come in. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in just so long our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire I know within myself say I know within myself that I would surely perish. Oh, but if I trust the hand of God, I know he'll shield the flames again. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. [Music] He never offered more victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. [Music] Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you to fire again. So just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire [Music] again. and you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made say you made a way when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made a way. And you move mountains. You cause the walls to fall with your power. Perform mirales. There is nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you made. [Music] You made a way when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way. And we're standing here only because you made you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way and we're standing here only because you may. Though the oions may roar and the mountains be shaking, I know I'm not forsaken. You are with me. Every step that Oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. Though the ocean may roar and the mountains be shen, I know I'm not forsaken. Oh, you are with me every step. Oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me. You are Jesus. You will never leave me. Mountain top or valley. God, I know that you are with me and I'll keep holding to your promise. When all I see is darkness, God, I know that you Oh yes, Jesus, you will never leave me. Mountaintop or valley, God, I know that you you are with me. I'll keep holding to your promise when all I see is darkness. God, I know. Oh, say it again. Though the oceans, Though the Oions may roar and the mountains be shaken, I know I'm not forsen. You are with me. Every step that I take. Oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. Oh, you are. Every step that I take, I won't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. You are with me. And Lord, we are the ones called by your name. And we humble ourselves now as we pray and renouncing every sin and wicked way. Oh, we lift our voice. We lift our voice. We seek your face and say, "Oh Lord, send the rain and pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall and heal us one and all." Oh, fall a fresh on. Oh, say, "Lord, send the rain." Hey Lord, send the rain. Oh, and pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Oh, aresh. Sing that first verse again. Lord, we [Music] are Lord we are the ones called by your name. And we humble ourselves now. Oh, as we pray and reouncing every sin and wicked way. Oh, we lift our voice. We seek your face and say, "Oh Lord, send the [Music] rain and pour out your spirit. Oh yes, Lord, let the fire fall. Oh, heal us one and all. Oh, fall aresh." Say it again. Say, Lord, Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit and let the fire fall. Oh, heal us one and all and fall. Oh, sing it again. Lord, send the rain. And Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your [Music] spirit. Oh, and let the fire fall and heal us one and all. Oh, fall fresh on. Oh, could you say it again? Say, yes, Lord, send the rain. Oh, pour out your spirit and let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Fall oppress on [Music] me. And this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. And this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. And the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. This victory that I have. Oh my God gave it to me. And this victory that I have. Oh my God gave it to me. And this victory that I have, my God gave it to me. Oh my God gave it. The devil can't take it away. And this Holy Ghost I have, oh my God gave to me. The Holy Ghost that I have, oh my God gave it to me. And the Holy Ghost I have, oh, he gave to me. Oh my God gave. You can't take it away. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. And this joy. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. The world. Amen. Amen. I think we can sing this verse after the sermon tonight. He's an on time God. Yes, He is. Oh, an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's in on time, God. Yes, he is. And he's on time, God. Yes, he is. Oh, and on time, God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Cuz this victory I have, oh my God gave to me. And this victory I have, my God gave it to me. Oh, this victory I have, my God gave. Oh, my God gave it. The devil can't take it away. Oh, my God gave it. The devil can't take it away. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you love him this evening? Hallelujah. Amen. We'll let you be dismissed. Remember the prayer request this evening. Those that Amen. can't be here. Amen. I know many, many hearts would want to be here. And we're thankful that we could come enjoy the atmosphere, enjoy the word of the Lord. And Amen. and be in prayer for the service on Sunday. Amen. As God continues to move. Amen. How many is going to get that ground ready this week? Get the ground ready. Be prepared. Amen. Come expecting a great thing. Amen. Amen. Let's just go singing that as you're dismissed. Oh, this joy I have. Oh, my God gave it to me. You see, my God gave it. The devil can't take it away. [Music]
