################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - Faith in Your Calling and Election - Bro. Timothy Pruitt April 23, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   Faith in Your Calling and Election - Bro. Timothy Pruitt April 23, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13OYw2LJ1_c
========================================

[Music] [Music] I All my world the holy consuming. fire. Oh, and all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see, oh, is Jesus. Oh, shine through me. And hear him say. And hear him say, "Oh, well [Music] done my prayer. Just [Music] one." Oh, well [Music] done. Oh, well done. [Music] Oh my f. Oh, all I want to see and all I want to see is Jesus. [Music] Oh, all I want to see is him in me. And all I want to see is [Music] Jesus. Oh, shine through. Oh, let's try it again. And I love him. Oh, and I love you. Oh, yes. I [Music] love you. Oh, [Music] because because you first. Yes. love. Amen. Sing it again. And I love him. Oh, and I love I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, [Music] because you first lovelu. [Music] I am alone. He my comfort holds me close. Oh, hallelujah. I am not. Oh, can we all stand and sing that together now? He's my comfort. Oh, he's my comfort. Always holds me close. He walks beside me. Oh, and he walks beside me. Oh, through mountains and valley and his joy is refreshing. Oh restores [Music] my [Music] soul. I know his mercy and goodness. Oh, they give me [Music] assurance. Oh, that I'll see his glory. Yes. That I'll see his glory. Oh, face to [Music] face. Oh, we sing out hallelujah. Oh, I am not [Music] alone. Yes. And he's my comfort and always holds me. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Yeah. Hallelujah. I am not alone. Oh yes, Lord. And he's my comfort. always holds me close. And you are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now In the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now, oh in the good times and bad, oh you are on your throne and you are God alone. You're unchangeable. unchangeable and unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable and unshakeable. Unstoppable. [Music] That's what you are. And you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are. You are God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have a praise report that has turned in from family thanking us for our prayers. his blood work. He doesn't need to take the shots that they talked about. Wanted to praise the Lord for that. We have a number of prayer requests. Just wanted to say we had a wonderful time at the youth camp. Certainly thankful for each one that came on that gave their time whether control so many different parts it takes to make the camp happen many lives changed number of baptisms certainly thankful for that one of the boys that was wonderful to have there was just a lot of joy real helpful on the front row there with his singing and his worship. Many many of you are just wonderful time there. He sent a message asking you remember him in prayer wheezing a lot from asthma. He's expecting a healing that brother EJ Parker is having swelling in his feet and his legs. He's going to see a heart doctor tomorrow. Ask that we'd remember him in prayer. Also, Sister Geraldine Salceto injured her leg and needs a touch in her body. So, we want to remember her. We also have a prayer request for Sister Lorie Snow. Said it looks like she has had a spinal stroke. Really needs a touch in her body. Just multiple multiple needs there. Know that God is faithful. We saw a miracle at camp with brother Ron. We know can perform a miracle tonight. Amen. Amen. We just ask that he'll do that. Also, Sister Hollis there, she needs a touch in her body. The family needs touch right now. Sister Danette Puit is sick in her body with a cough and fever, dizziness. Ask that we remember her. Brother Joel Puit hurt his knee and they believe he may have cellulitis in it. So, want to remember him. Also, several of his family are sick. Sister Phyllis Osborne that asked for prayer. She regularly streams our services and reached out saying that she's on some very heavy antibiotics for infection. Wanted to remember it tonight. So hopefully I got each one of those. I know there's a lot. But I believe God is faithful and I believe his word is true. Thankful for each one that Amen. is putting their lick of fire here together tonight. Let's just go to him together in prayer. Lord, we love you. Lord, you see my need. Lord, you see all of our needs tonight. Lord, each one that's written down. Lord, we think of those that are battling cancer. Lord, those that are b battling cellulitis, fever. My brother David, Lord, sick in his body tonight. Sister Gerald that's injured her leg and Zach with his difficulty breathing, Lord. Many, many needs that are represented tonight, Lord. And our heart just cries out for more of you, Lord. We need more of you in our physical body, Lord. We need more of you spiritually, Father. Lord, I pray that you'll bring down just another outpouring of your Holy Spirit, Lord. for more of just a fresh refilling tonight. Lord, sweep over this congregation. We pray. Father, we thank you for this opportunity we have, Lord. We thank you for each one, Lord, that's here giving their worship, whether it be, Lord, with their voice or with their hands clapping your praise or lifting them to you, whether it be on an instrument or in Lord, a booth in the back, wherever they may be at their post. Lord, we pray that you'll move, Father. Lord, move on the specials. Move on the ministry. We pray be with brother Timothy, Lord, as he prepares. Lord, I pray that you'll use him in a very supernatural way. Lord, that we wouldn't just look back and see the wonderful time we had at youth camp in 2025, Lord. But each time we came together in one accord and with one mind with a focus Lord of seeing more of you Lord that you once again showed out Lord and Lord that you came down and touched each heart. Anoint each one Father we pray Lord forgive us of anything we may have said that was wrong that hurt Lord. Anything that we may have done Lord Lord that may hinder you. We just want to be direct in the channel tonight Lord. We want to be in tune with where you would want us. Father, bless the tithes. Bless the offering. Lord, we pray it'll go where you would intend. Lord, bring in that last one back to your fold. We pray. We love you and we thank you. We give ourselves to you in Jesus name. Hallelujah. The brothers can take up the offering. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ask Sister Jessica and those singing with her to come as they right after they're finished singing have Sister Laura Burns sing her special. Amen. As they're coming, let's just sing that chorus. All my life you have been faithful. I know we sing it a lot, but I think we can tell them that a lot. Amen. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so [Music] good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the good. The brother's going to take up the offering. We'll just sing that again. Oh, all my life. Say, "All my life you have been faithful." Amen. Sister Jessica, Sister Caroline, you can sing it with me. All my life you have been so so good. Oh, with every breath that I am able. [Music] Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Say it again. Say, "Oh, my life." Yes. All my life. [Music] And you have been good. [Music] Oh, so so good. With every breath, breath. Oh, I will sing. Oh, of the goodness. Oh, your goodness is running. Say, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. Oh, it's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, it's running. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's just give the Lord a hand as you take your seat. Amen. [Music] I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord at all times. And his praises shall [Music] continue when I am down. When I am up, I'll sing a song. I'll lift you up. I got a reason to cate in the good and the bad. My hands are raised. This is the day that the Lord has made. So I will give you praise. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord at all times and his praises shout continually. Be in my mouth. Be in my mouth. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord at all times. And his praises shall continually be in my mouth. Be in my mouth. When I am down, when I am up, I'll sing a song. I'll lift you up. I got a reason to cate. Cuz in the good and the bad, my hands are raised. This is the day that the Lord has made. So I will give you praise. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord. Let all his praises shout in my mouth. Be in my mouth. I will bless the Lord at all. I will bless the Lord at all. And his praises shall continually be in my mouth. in my mouth with all of my heart, with all of my soul, with all of my strength. I will bless the Lord with all of my heart, with all of my soul. Oh, with all of my strength I will bless the Lord, with all of my heart with all of my [Music] soul, with all of my strength. I will bless the Lord. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord at all times and his praises shout continually be in my mouth be in my mouth. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord at all times and his praises continually be in my mouth. in my mouth. And his praises shout in my mouth. [Applause] [Music] try to make the [Music] faceear so heart, a weary soul with a worn out heart that's barely beating. But every time I get that feeling, I hit my knees with my hands high, saying, "Dear Lord Jesus, you know I do my own. Lord knows I tried, but I'm good at falling down. Thank God you're good at picking me up off the ground. The world's going to try to break me, but I know the one who makes [Music] [Music] me like's a You can always go when [Music] you matter how old it gets. There's power in the [Music] words. And when I'm desperate for revival, I hit my knees with my hands held high, saying, "Dear Lord Jesus, you know I can't do this on my own. I can't do this on my own." Lord knows I tried, but I'm good at falling down. Thank God you're good at picking me up off the ground. The world's going to try to break me, but I know the one who makes me strong. [Music] Oh, [Music] strong. I'm even weak. The strong arms of my savior are holding on to me. I hit my knees with my hands held high, singing, "Dear Lord Jesus, you know I do my [Music] own." Lord knows I've tried, but I'm good at falling down. saying, "God, you're good at picking me up off the ground. The world's going to try to break me, but I know the one who makes me [Music] strong. Oh, you make me. [Music] Oh, this world ain't going to break me. Cuz I know the one who makes me. [Applause] Hallelujah. We all stand together. Amen. Do you know the one who makes you strong tonight? Amen. Amen. And I believe we can say I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only the star. [Music] Now I am chosen, free and forgiven. I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be intending a grave. I was called by name, born and raised back till I forget. Oh, I was made for more. Oh, why would I make Oh, yes. It's running my way. I know I am yours. And I was made for more. And I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. And the cross of salvation was only the scar. Oh, I've chosen. Say now I am chosen. I'm free and forgi. Oh, I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, cuz I was a man. Tend in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life. Oh, I was made for more. So why would I make Oh, and why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I wasn't. So why would I make and why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was faithful. Hallelujah. Let's just our hearts. Father, we come to you, Lord, with our hearts open before you, Lord, realizing, Lord, we're helpless on our own or many times we try to do things and we try to make our own way or we try to make our own decisions, many times get ourselves in a lot of trouble. Lord, if we can just follow your leadership and follow you after what you have for us in our lives, Lord. Oh God, may we do that with our whole heart today, realizing Lord, we is made for more. We was made to serve you and be in the image of Jesus Christ. Father, may you touch each heart and each life here, Lord. And just help us, Lord, to step out of the way and let you come and speak and touch and do what you do. we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Turn to Romans chapter 9 and verse 10. Amen. Good to be back in the house of the Lord and had a wonderful time this weekend. Enjoyed ministry and all the things that God did for us there at the camp. And so no doubt so many lives were touched and lots of testimonies and things. We're just thankful for every life that God did touch and turn around, heal, deliver. Amen. We're thankful to him for those things. Romans chapter 9 verse 10 says not only this but when Rebecca also had conceived by one even by her father Isaac the children being not yet born neither having done any good or evil that the purpose of God according to election might stand not of works but of him that calleth. It was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger, as it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." Amen. We let you be seated. I just speak to you on faith and your calling and election. Amen. How many is glad to be called by God? Amen. To be loved by him. You know uh we want to also read Romans chap 11 and verse 29. For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. We want to read that in the amplified says for the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable. They're irrevocable. For he does not withdraw what he is given, nor does he change his mind about to those to whom his grace he gives his grace or to whom he sends his call. How many's thankful for that? Maybe maybe I'll just read that again. Amen. For his for the gifts and the callings of God are irrevocable. For he does not withdraw what he has given, nor does he change his mind about those to whom he gives his grace to or to whom he sends his call. Amen. I'm thankful for that. I'm thankful that he doesn't change his mind about me. But amen, if he saw me in his mind before the foundation of the world, and I believe that with all my heart, that amen, he doesn't come, you know, and see me in mistakes or see me in failures. But in spite of all of that, amen, his love has been granted to me and to you. Amen. Amen. Second Peter would would also say, he says in first second Peter 1:10, it says, "Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fail or never fall." See, but I I want you to understand, it isn't us making ourselves anything. That's not what he's talking about. He's not talking about us us making sure that we're called or us making sure uh uh uh that that we have that we're in the right place. Sure, you do seek after those things as far as repentance and those things in your life, but ultimately the call that's been placed in your life is because God called you. Amen. It is a gift that was placed in you before the world began. Amen. You know, this is what Paul would say. Paul would say, "I'm an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God." Because if it was his will, he would have done other things. And he was on his way to do other things. And they wasn't good things. It was, Amen. going to persecute the church of the living God. But, Amen. God in his grace stepped in Paul's way and changed him. Amen. To where he no longer was according to what the will of Paul was, but I'm now an apostle by the will of God. You know, brother Brandon would say it like this, you know, because he says, he said, "A son of God can go a long time before he recognizes he's his son." I'm thankful for that right there because that gives me grace. Amen. It was a long time before I realized it. Maybe it's a long time for some of you till you realize, hey, I I'm not I'm not a I'm not I don't belong to the devil. I I don't belong to what he has or what he's purposed for my life. That's not who I am. I am a son of God. Amen. I was made for more. I I wasn't born to be tending a grave or or or tending things of the past or or or living in the past. I was made for more. I I was made to be a son or daughter of God. Sometimes it takes years and years and years for a man or a woman to realize that. But when they can realize, amen, that God placed that in them before the foundation of the world. That's why when they come down to that moment and they feel that pull, amen, it was there all the time. They just pushed it away. Maybe they didn't heed it. Maybe they didn't. They just kind of pushed it into the back somewhere. But God put that there before they had ever sinned. Before they had ever done wrong, before they had ever made one mistake, God placed the sea gene on the inside of them. And at the right time, in the right moment, it was going to come to pass. Amen. But listen, I don't care how long it takes, they will come. Amen. They will come. This is what he said in John 6 and verse 37 and 44. All that the father giveth me shall come to me. I I don't see no negotiation there. Amen. If you are if you are belong to God, Amen. you will come. There ain't enough devils. There ain't enough hell. There ain't enough sin. There ain't enough sorrow. There ain't enough mistakes. There ain't enough drugs. There ain't enough ain't enough things of this world. Amen. to keep you from coming. If you are a seed gene of God, you shall come. Amen. There ain't enough devils in hell that can keep it from happening. Every one of us had demons that were assigned to our life. And they were tried there to keep us from realizing our true potential, to keep us from realizing who we truly are. Amen. But there was something that was more powerful that was placed inside of you before the world began. It was that seed of God. And there was that fierce force of life that came out of you and it pushed back through hell and it pushed back through demons. Amen. That you can be a son of God. Amen. And he said, "And him that cometh to me, I shall know why it's cast out. No man can come to me except the father draw him." Amen. There's a key right there. It wasn't you looking for God. It was God drawing you. Amen. And I will raise him up in the last day. Amen. In John 1 and verse 12, it says, "But as many as received him, to him gave him power, he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of mind, but of God." Amen. But of God. Amen. That's why we we we brother stated it. Amen. We have stated it. Amen. God doesn't have grandchildren. This is not something that's passed down through a blood a human blood lineage. Amen. From one father to a son. Amen. It's passed down. Amen. By the will of God. That God saw you in his mind before the foundation of the world. Amen. When did God choose you? He didn't choose you at an altar. He didn't choose you five minutes ago or or or 10 years ago or whenever it was. But he said according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. Amen. We're making our calling and election sure. It's not my calling. It's his calling. It's not my election. It's his election. And God put it in my heart. Amen. before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. See, Jesus is choosing himself a bride. He's choosing himself a people. Amen. Amen. Just the same as a man chooses their bride today. You know, it ain't it shouldn't be that the bride is out looking for the man. Oh, come on, somebody. And it shouldn't be that the bride is out looking for the man, but the man is looking for the bride. Hallelujah. Amen. The man is looking for the bride. The bride today is not, you know, just simply decide, I'm going to marry this one or I'm going to do this. It's a groom who decides and chooses a certain woman to be his bride. Amen. It's what he said in John 15 and verse 16. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. Won't you stuff that in the devil's pipe and let him smoke it for a little while? Amen. I didn't choose this. God chose me. Amen. God placed me here. God put me in this position. Some of you young people need to look at that devil right in the eye and say, "God chose me to be a young person in the Leodysian church age to overcome you. God chose me. God placed me. God put me here. And there ain't nothing the devil can do about it. Said according to the word of God, the bride was a chosen before the foundation of the world. The chosen of the bride was purposed in himself. Amen. In Romans 9:11, the purpose of God according to election might stand. According to election might stand. You can't read it any way. The heart purpose, the eternal purpose of God was to take a bride of his own choosing. Amen. That and that purpose was in himself. And being eternal was decreed before the foundation of the world. This is why, Amen. This is why it's important to see this because many times we think, well, the devil's chose me or I was chosen of the devil. Listen, before the devil was ever created, God chose you. Before the devil ever existed, God chose you. So before the devil and all that he has, his anxiety, fear, depression, sin, before all that had ever come upon this earth, God had already put his mark upon you and said, "That one's mine. That one's mine. That one's mine. That one's mine." Amen. So before the devil could ever come and put drugs or sin or any kind of thing, alcohol, sexual things, whatever it was, God had already chose you. So before there was ever a speck of stardust, before God was God, ah man, that's taking it way back. God is an object of adoration and no one was there to worship him. So before he was even God, he was only known as an eternal spirit, but you was already in his mind. Hallelujah. Ain't it wonderful sometimes to get a card in the mail to know, Amen, that I that somebody's thinking of you. Amen. I believe that's what tonight's all about. Something coming in the mail tonight to let you know somebody's thought of you. Maybe the president ain't thought of you or anybody else around you hadn't thought of you in a long time and you feel so all forgotten and somewhere else and nobody's seen you or nobody's noticed. Amen. But God seen you. God chose you. Amen. Before the foundation of the world, before there was ever a speck of stardust. Amen. He was only known as the eternal spirit. You was already his mind. Yeah, you were. She You was existing in his thoughts. What about those thoughts of God? God. Are they not eternal? Amen. The eternal thoughts of God. He said, "Let me ask you, are the thoughts of God eternal?" Said, "If you can see this, you will see many things. God is unchangeable in both essence and behavior." We've studied that and proved it already. God is infinite in his ability. So therefore, God must be omnisent. If he isn't omnisent, then he's not he's not he's not now learning, nor is he he taking counsel even himself. Nor is he any time adding knowledge to his or adding to his knowledge. If he can add to his knowledge, he's not omnisent. Amen. The best we could say is sometimes he will be, but that's not scriptural. He is omnisient. He has never had a new thought about anything because all of his thoughts he's always had and he always will have. And he knows the end from the beginning because he is God. Hallelujah. So therefore, if he had this thought of you before the foundation of the world, he had a thought of you when you was in perfection. He had a thought of you before you ever sinned. Before you ever done one thing wrong, before you came into this world speaking lies, he had a thought of you and that thought has not changed. Come on. He doesn't look at you all down and defeated and tore up. No, he still has that thought in his mind. I see her as an overcomer. I see her triumphant. I see her whooping devils. I see her. Amen. Rising above every sin. That's how I see her. I see her in perfection. I see her that God has seen you in his mind and that has never changed. So in other words, anything that happens here on the earth does not change God's thought of you, right? Job found that out. Job was in terrible place one time and he was all tore up and defeated and been through a lot. You know, maybe he just come out of a camp service and just had a wonderful time and all of a sudden lost everything. His wife's turning against him all kind. He's sitting on ash sheet with balls and God's come down to speak to him. He says, "Joe, I want you to gird yourself for a little bit. I want to speak to you like a man. I want you to not just look at five minutes ago or 10 years ago or a hundred years ago. I want you to go back before the world ever began. Where was God taking him?" God wasn't taking him to where the last time he sacrificed or the last time he had a good time in church or or the last time he had an outbreak in the Holy Ghost. Come on. He wasn't taking him back to just those moments. Amen. He was taking him back, Amen. all the way to the mind of God. And he said, Job, let me ask you, where were you when the sons of God shouted for joy? Where were you when the morning stars sank together and they saw the plan of redemption? and they saw all this take place. Where were you? You were in my mind. Amen. You were there rejoicing with them. He's never had a new thought about anything. Thus, the thoughts of God are eternal. They are real. They're not just simply like a man with a blueprint has drawn up which one day will be translated into substance and form, but they're already real and eternal and part of God. So in other words, to God it's done. You know, with us here at this church, we had to have a blueprint. And we looked at that blueprint for maybe a year or whatever and we thought about this. and we moved this over here and we we done this over here and we thought no that wall would be better over there and we want to look like this and we want that and in the middle of the building we doing this and doing that. That ain't the way God operates. God does not he's already saw it already finished. Amen. He already seen it done. Amen. This is why he could say in Romans 8 29 for those whom he forneew read the amplified before the for those whom he forneew and loved and chose beforehand. Hallelujah. He is also predestinated to be conformed into the image of his son and ultimately share in his complete sanctification. So that when he would be the firstborn, the most beloved and honored among many believers and those he has predestinated, he has called. And those he has called, he is also justified, decreed, I mean declared free from the guilt of sin. And those he justified, he is also glorified. It's already done in God's mind. But see, you know, when Abraham, it was Abraham, you know, doubt maybe was a good man, but it wasn't because he was a good man that God elected him. God chose him. It wasn't Abraham ever choosing God. It was God choosing Abraham. It isn't you ever choosing God. is God chose you. Amen. Now this he says may be strong. He said but I want you to notice immediately after the choice election it separates from everything else. As soon as he calls he elects and when he calls he separates you from everything that hangs on to you. Come on now. Amen. If God has truly called you, he's going to separate you from those things that try to hang on to you. If it's truly a work of God and God has come down and put his mark upon your life, he's going to separate you. That's right. He going to separate you from a lot of friends that used to hold you down. He going to separate you from a lot of things that would would hold you back and in times before. Why? Because God calls you. He's going to separate you. Going to cut it off. He said, because you know with Abraham, you know, Abraham took his father-in-law and he took his nephew and and all that was fine for a moment, but it caused a lot of problems and and it caused him to have issues. He said, but see, he said, he said, it isn't a two or three people together thing. He expects every individual an individual affair with every person. This is what God desires. It isn't because your mother is saved, therefore you're saved. It isn't because you go to this church that you're saved or you go to all the camps that you're saved or you go to any church that you're saved. Amen. I believe you will go to church if you're saved. Don't get me wrong. Amen. But that's not why you're saved. It's because God chose you in Christ. That's why you're saved. It isn't because you don't make mistakes. It isn't because you pray five times a day. It isn't because you laid everything away and you walk just as virtuous as you can walk and you've done everything you can do and it's all works. That's not what this is about. It isn't because of all that you're saved. You're saved because God chose you. And if God chose you, he can't uncheoose you. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what the devil wants to work you people over a lot because you make a mistake and you make some failures or or you do something wrong. Listen, it's just get back up again cuz God chose me. Therefore, if I make a mistake, he won't unchoose me. He won't throw me to the wayside, but he'll pick that clay up and he'll begin to mold it all over [Applause] again. Not you choosing yourself, not your choice. That's what he said. How much you prayed, how much you turned over a new page, you had nothing to do with it. It's God. Oh my. When you see, get to see that that truth. You mean that I didn't turn to the Lord? No sir. You had no way of all of turning to the Lord. Your whole nature, your whole makeup was against God. But God called you. In the garden of Eden when man sin first looked first look at the nature of of a sinner he was hiding hiding back and when the presence of God came down in the garden what did he do he went and hid tried to make his own way try to do his own thing he didn't come out and confess it make it right he then when he was confronted with it he he blamed somebody else come on now there's a lot of people good at that. Amen. They're confronted with so with an issue in their life. Well, it's because of such and such I got this. And it's because of this over here. I got this. No, you got it because you choose to have it. Amen. You know, uh, brother me and brother Aaron's had this conversation several times. him being a teacher, he saw a lot of people that were raised up in a lot of terrible situations. We we were just talking about this. Hopefully, I can bring it back to my memory. There was there was somebody telling the story about two boys. One was a successful businessman. One was a bum. Brothers, twins, rather, same mother, twins. And here they are. One is this way and one is this way. You know why they said that? Why? You know when we asked him said, "Well, how how how?" I asked the man who was very successful said, "Well, how did you get this way?" He said, "I I I watched my father." The other one that was a bomb. He said, "How did you get this way?" He said, "I watched my father." One saw what to do. One saw what not to do. Amen. You see people that because I don't want to preach this in a way because we were put here as as free more agents. Amen. When it comes to life, we have a choice. We have a choice to lay stuff down and not go back to it and say, "I'd rather die." Adam had a choice. He could have come out and said, "God, I'm sorry." But no, he hid it all. And this is what people are good at. They're good at hiding stuff and and staying behind complexes and things and allowing all this stuff to stay there, you know, and keep them hidden and and the true reason why they're in the condition that they are. But if there's a seed of God on the inside of them, God's going to call it out. That's right. Amen. There's a time when hiding's going to be over with. Adam, where art thou? Adam was hiding. God calling Adam. That's the nature of a sinner. Run away. Get behind something. But God's calling. He said, "What was it?" His grace. Amazing grace. Now, notice you say, "Well, that was Adam and Eve." It's always through the Bible. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draws him." That's the word. That's the way we want it. The word. That's when you know you're where you're standing. He said, "How many How many in here are Christians tonight? Know you're Christians." Amen. All right. There's something in you says you're a Christian. All right. Then why should why you that why you should be the happiest people in the world? You should just believe that. That's easy. Take God's word for it. Before you can become a Christian, God called you. Amen. Now you're calling God. It wasn't you calling God. God called you. He called Abraham. He's the father of his all. He said, Abraham, what was it? It was election. That's right. It was God's election coming down. He He said, "Now, you didn't want to maybe you didn't want to become a Christian." Amen. Because you you become a Christian before you know in the world and all the things in the world. But before you were born, God ordained you to be a Christian. Maybe you didn't want to. Maybe you fought against him. Maybe you tried not to. But before the foundation of the world, God ordained you. That's why when you heard that, Adam, where art thou? Adam, where art thou? Something on the inside was greater than that want or that desire to be something else. You know, we use that gifts and callings without repentance because uh towards ministry and it does apply there. No doubt. Amen. Because you see a lot of men that are called and gifted but yet their lives are still still in a mess. Brother Brandon would take that and he says if somebody asks him a question about being a preacher and he says now he says he says now you can't just be a preacher because you want to be a preacher. He said, "Matter of fact, most of the times those people ain't even really caught if you" He said, "And you check your motives and your objectives. Your motives is, well, it'd be an easier job or I don't know how how that's possible, but anyway, easier job or easier way or easier way to make a living. I'll just be a preacher." He said, "See, your motives are wrong." He said, "But if you'll realize when you realize, listen, it ain't what I want to do or or because somebody else wants me to do it or my daddy wants me to do it. It's because God called me to do it." And that goes beyond just being a preacher or being anybody. Amen. It goes to everybody. I'm not I'm not living this because my daddy wanted me to or my mama wanted me to or or even I wanted to. I'm doing it because God put it inside of me. God placed it there and there ain't nothing the devil can do to take it out of me. Come on, somebody. Before you're born, God ordained you to be a Christian from the Garden of Eden, before the foundation of the world. Says, "Is that right?" He said, "That's the truth. Before you you ever knew anything," he said, "There was a time your mind was darkened to that." Now, there was there only been one man on earth that knew that he was before and that was Jesus. Knew what he was before and that was Jesus. He said, "Glorify me, Father, with the glory that I had with you before the foundation of the world." He was the incarnate God. He could move back there and know where what it was. But our minds are blackened to there. But we are ordained predestinated. He said, "You know what predestinate means? The destination of anything was pre-saw by God. Hallelujah. That's what he said in Jeremiah 29:11. He said, "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end." Amen. I predestinated you. I' I've already saw you over on the other side. He already has seen the end from the beginning or the beginning from the end. He's already saw how it's going to work out and how it's going to be. He's not necessarily concerned about all this that goes on in between. He just said, "I saw you at the beginning. Therefore, I know what you'll be at the end." Come on. It's the same God that said that to the children of Israel. He said, "I'm going to take you out of a land, but I'm going to take you into a land." God already saw him there. Regardless if they saw themselves there or not. That's right. Many times all they saw was a Red Sea or a problem or a situation. God already saw him over there. Ephesians the first chapter Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God. No, he said no seminary sent me out. the will of God to them which are at Ephesus to the faithful in Jesus Christ. Watch what he's addressing straight to. Not to a sinner, not to a baby, but to them that have grown up. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God. Look, grace be unto you and peace from the Lord from God the Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Who's he addressing? Not a bunch of babies, but to people that sat in heavenly places and are blessed. He said, "You know something? You've been taught. You're saved. And I want to tell you what it's all about." I like that. He said, "Don't you? I want you to put your feet up in the heavens a little while." Hallelujah. Instead of being so earthbound, said, "Now, I want to tell you why. I want to give you a little boost, a little revival, a little stimulation." Amen. I like that. the stimulation that kind of builds you up especially when you know where you can say is thus sayeth the Lord. Now I want to speak to you. He says you have been set in heavenly places in Christ Jesus and been blessed together with all spiritual blessings the gifts of God manifesting divine healing prophecies and everything going forth. He said now you're grown up people. I want to talk to you. I'm addressing this to you now. Watch. He said I hope I hope you get it. I'm going to let it soak in real good now. According as he hath chosen us in him. Who did? I heard it. Not come, brother. No, you never did. He hath chosen you. Hath chosen you. Past tense. Hath chosen you. The church, us, you in him. How long ago, Paul? last week when I was a camp when there was the last revival. No, before the foundation of the world. This is why you why you're saying this so much because I want you to understand where you are standing at. You're not standing on something you received just a few days ago. You're standing on something that was given before the world ever began. He said, "Now you can ride on the cloud." See what he done? He chose us in him, Christ before the foundation of the world. Amen. That what we should be holy. Amen. He didn't choose me because I was holy. He didn't choose me because I could scroll quote all the quotes or I could I could say all the scriptures or I could roll up the scrolls and I could put a pen through it and tell you where everything dotted touch. No sir, I couldn't do none of that. Matter of fact, I was lost and I was undone. I was gone as far as the world could ever see. Amen. But God rich in mercy. He chose me that I could be holy. That I should be holy. It's not my holiness. It's his holiness. That's right. My holiness. Your holiness is nothing. It's his holiness. Well, you say, "Well, do you believe that you can do this or do that?" Said, "I never said that. Look at a grain of wheat can only produce wheat. It can't produce cocka birds." So in other words, if you if you really believe it like this, Brother Brandham, don't you believe that you can still sin or you can still do wrong or you can still do that. No, he's speaking to people that have grown up filled with the Holy Ghost, adopted sons and daughters of Jesus Christ. Amen. He says if there's a life of a cockaur still in you, you're going to produce cockaurs. If there's a life of a sticker or a cactus or something on there at you, that's what you're going to produce. But if there's a life of Jesus Christ in you, then that's what you're going to produce. So don't be deceived. Said you better search through this close now. See, if he keeps on saying, "Well, I I don't condemn. It don't condemn me to do this. It don't condemn me to do that." Things of the world. He said, "I'm hurt you a little bit. Pull the feathers back the other way." But this is one sure evidence you've never been to Jesus Christ. Amen. If the things of the world don't condemn you, you never been to Jesus Christ. Amen. You never been born again. He that loves the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not in him. Amen. He said, "Now you can just quit doing it because you know you not ought not to and quit doing this and quit doing that." He said, "That's a sign you ain't got nowhere yet. But when that thing becomes dead, I didn't quit it. It's dead. Cuz if you quit something, you can go back to starting it over again. Well, if that dude is dead, you can't go back and pick it up. Amen. Amen. When it's dead, it's gone. It's done away with. The nature of is done away. There's another person in there. And it can only produce the Holy Spirit that was in Christ is in you. It'll produce the Christlike life. Nothing you do is what he did. He chose that before the foundation of the world. Come on. Someone said, "Well, I know I got saved because I quit smoking." That wasn't why I got saved. That wasn't why you got saved. You got saved because God chose you before the foundation of the world to be saved. That's scripture teaching. Amen. That's when we begin to feel find out it's not about me. It's all about him. He chose me. Because you know all that prof confess or profess Christ is not Christians. Direct quote. All that go to church are not Christians. All Abraham's seed wasn't that that all all Abraham's seed that had the promise. It was an elect. It was a promise. The promise was foretold to Abraham. The elect of God were for ordained before the foundation of the world. Neither because they were a seed of Abraham or they they are they the children. But in Isaac shall thy seed be called. Not in the rest of the Jews. Abraham had other seeds. But out of Isaac thy seed shall be called. That's the rest of the He said, "Not in the rest of Jews, but in Isaac, though Isaac, through Isaac came Christ." It was Abraham's seed in Christ. And the seed of Abraham first wasn't through sexual seed. It was his faith that God reckoned. It wasn't through faith in it. It is through faith in us and to believe the death, burial, and resurrection of Christ brings us to be Abraham's seed. And Abraham was circumcised as a seal, the promise of his faith. He didn't receive it because he was circumcised. He received the promise before he was circumcised. But the promise brought the circumcision. He received Romans 4 tell you that he received the promise before he was circumcised. When he was given circumcis as a seal to be of his obedience of faith that's why the different brothers Billy Graham Charles Fuller Billings and all them why were they're talking about them Baptist brother and I told them many of them so Rufus Mosley and other whole bunch said well we had 20,000 converts to in two weeks and they go back and they can't find 20 people. I said they wasn't converted. Oh, well, they accepted Christ as personal savior. I said, they still was not converted. You're not unconvert. Convert means to be changed. Peter had believed on the Lord. He had been baptized, been given power to heal the sick, cast out devils, raise the dead. And Jesus told him the night before the crucifixion, "After you are converted, strengthen your brethren." Amen. Amen. Right. Both been been both saved and sanctified but hadn't been converted. That's scripture. Oh, what was he sanctified? Yes, sir. Sanctify them, Father, through the truth. You think he'd put that spirit in a vessel that wasn't fit? No. They went out, but they cast out devils. They came back shouting. He said, I've seen different ones. Methodists, different one returning, praising God. Said, "Oh, the devils are subject to us." What did Jesus say? Don't rejoice because devils are subject to you, but rejoice because your names are written in heaven. Amen. What was he saying? Listen, you're going to receive the spirit to overcome. That's what you need to rejoice about. You see the virgins, 10 of them wise, 10 of them foolish. What was the difference? Oil. oil. What is the oil? The Holy Spirit. So, it's not just accepting something and saying, "Well, I believe on the Lord Jesus Christ." No, it's being converted, changed, filled with the spirit, coming down and moving down with they were all virgins, live good, clean lives. He said, "Well, I I don't go to dances. I I don't go to shows. That's just a He said that's just a moral thing. Unless there has been a supernatural something happened. This is not because you shouted, not because you spoke in tongues, not because you jumped up and down, not because you did this, but something supernatural has happened that changed you and put a seal and you're sealed away from into God. You're anchored then and there shouldn't be ever anything ever shake you from it. Well, you don't believe in those things. He said, "I believe in shouting. I believe in dancing. I believe in all of this, but that isn't the answer." Said it last Wednesday. Well, last time I ministered. It isn't. That's not what we're seeking after. Do we enjoy it? Yes, we do. Does it happen when the Holy Spirit falls on somebody? Yes, it does. Methodists thought they when they shouted they had it. They found out what they were, you know, they found out they were wrong. A lot of them shout and didn't have it. Pentecostal came along, spoke in tongues, said we got her. But they found out they were wrong. Many of them spoke in tongues, had nothing. Though I speak with tongue of men and angels and have not love, it profit me nothing. They didn't have it. That's right. And that's the reason the whole world was deceived by it. And through the other thing, that isn't the answer. Not any fleshly demonstration or emotion, but something has happened in here that changed your whole opinion. It changed your whole nature. You are converted. It's not you, but Christ has come into you and converted you. And your old nature is dead, and your old man is dead, and you're now born again into a new creation in Christ Jesus. That's what we're wanting. That's right. We've read a scripture, Esau and Jacob. For either child was born, If they even knew what was right and wrong, the that the election of God might stand not of works, but him that calleth. Whoa. Well, I thought if I did this and I thought if I that you have nothing to do with it. If you're saved, it's because God called you before the foundation of the world and saved you. As is written, as he said it to her, the elder shall serve the younger. As is written, Jacob have I love, Esau I hated. Before either child was born, God said, "I love one and I hate the other." How could he say that? Because he already saw what they were going to do. It's God's word. The election is nothing that you had to do. It's what God done for you. God did it in Christ for you before the foundation of the world. All that the father has given me will come. All the father has given me will come. And he that come to me I will no wise cast out. Amen. Amen. But what is it? What do you what are you fearing? God has promised you unconditionally that the love of God ringing in your heart. You know that you pass from death into life. You love everybody and the whole world has become different and you anchored and nothing moves you happy and move on. Glory to God. Let nothing turn you around. Oh, you might get out and get cold and get shook up a little bit, but that seed of God will remain true. The Bible said though, we disbelieve, yet he cannot. He's true. He stands faithful. What shall we say then? What shall we say then? Is there unrighteous in God? God forbid. For he said unto Moses, I'll have mercy on whom I have mercy, and I'll have compassion on whom I compassion. Then it's not him that willth. Or you say, well, glory to God. Hallelujah. I got saved before I die. You will. I'll get saved before I die. You will. God has something to say about that. Not him that will, nor him that runth, but God that showeth mercy. Aren't you glad he showed you mercy in your life? I just don't believe that go by accident you was placed in a certain family to to be raised to hear the truth of the hour. I don't believe it was by accident that God allowed all this to come together and you be sitting on the pew tonight and and God allow watched over your life and he kept you. Amen. And there not be something on the inside of you. But I believe God has allowed it to come where you can see amen tonight. Amen. God chose me before the foundation of the world. Amen. The devil might have had me, but he lost me. The devil might have tried to cover me up, but God in his mercy reached down and he picked me back up again. The devil might have crumbled my life apart and it might have been laid in pieces, but thank God he didn't throw the clay away. But the master over the clay reached down and he picked it back up and he said, "Nope, this one's mine. It might look broken right now, but I'm going to make beauty out of this brokenness. I'm going to make something so wonderful out of this." And he starts to weld all those pieces together. And he pushs it together with deity. I don't know. I told you about it before over there in Japan, how they take those broken vessels and many times they're broken. somebody's favorite dish. Some of them worth a lot of money. Amen. But they got a way of taking them and they take gold and they begin to put them back together with gold. And the worth of the latter is greater than the former. Amen. Because the gold that's on the inside of them has made them worth more. Though they look broken, though they look scarred, though they look all torn up, but a master came and he put them all back together. Hallelujah. This is what God has done with some of your lives. Some of you were found broken. We were all broken and undone. But God, rich in mercy, reached down and he said, "I got some gold for that. I got some gold for that. I can put it right here and I can put this piece together and I can put this piece together." And now you're worth more than the former cuz it's not you that doeth the work. It's God that liveth on the inside of you. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Have faith in your calling. Don't let the devil shove you around. Well, I only come to the Lord about five days ago. No, he had you in his mind before the foundation of the world. He thought of you and he said, "That one's mine. That one's mine. That one's mine. I'm so glad he looked at me and said, "That one's mine." He said it before the devil ever could. That one's mine. Oh, the devil came along, tried to tear me up, turn me upside down and backwards, inside out, whatever. Destroy my life. But God already had his mark on me. That's right. Said, "That one's mine." And he might have found me in a broken place, but he puts it all back together by his deity. Gold filled cracks worth more now than the former. What a wonderful thing God has done for us. That he called us. He loved us when we were unlovable. What a mighty God. I want to just lift your hands to him and just say, "Thank you, Lord, for the call. Thank you for choosing me, Lord. Thank you, Father, that I've been found worthy, been accounted worthy to escape the things that are upon coming upon this earth. Cuz you saw me, yet you love me, picked me up. You turned me around. You placed my feet on solid ground." Oh God, we love you tonight, Father. We're so thankful, Lord, that you placed your life on the inside that seed gene of God, on the inside, and demons have tried to destroy. Demons have tried to kill. Demons have tried to tear down. Demons have tried to carry to hell. But there was a seed on the inside placed there before the foundation of the world. And one day, we heard our name called as that little eagle in that chicken yard. We really looked up and we realized, hey, I wasn't born for this chicken yard. I wasn't born for the things of this world. I wasn't born for drugs and alcohol and sexual problems and situation. But I was born for the heavenlies. I was born to be seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And God rich in mercy called me out of darkness into this marvelous light. God, we got so much to thank you for. We got so much to praise you, Lord. You didn't leave us where you found us, but Lord, you saw that cup and you reached down and you cleaned it all out and you sanctified and you justified us and you filled us with your spirit and you set us aside for service. Oh God, we love you with all of our hearts. We praise you, Almighty God. I want to thank you personally for saving me. I want to thank you for choosing me. When you could have chose 10,000 other people, you chose me, oh God. I thank you Lord. I thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] And I know it's not [Music] except for a heart singing. Oh, I'll throw up my hands. I'll praise you again and again. All that I have is a heart. Oh, [Music] and I [Music] know except for a heart singing. [Music] Oh, say I'll throw up my hands. I'll throw up my hands. to praise you again and again with all of [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I know it's not much, nothing else. Oh, except for a heart singing [Music] highle. I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. And all that I have is a high [Music] And I know it's not nothing else fit for except for a heart singing. Oh [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. You buried my past. I'm not going back. Oh [Music] hallelujah. You called out my name. I'll sing out your hallelujah. Oh, you buried my past. I'm not going back cuz I wasn't made to be. Tend in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. Oh, I was made for more. And why would I make a bed in my when a fountain of grace, oh, it's running my way? I know why. Oh, I was made for more. [Music] Oh, you called out my name. I'll sing out your hallelujah. You buried my past. I'm not cold. And hallelujah. You called out my name. I'll sing out. Say hallelujah. Oh, you buried my past. And I'm not going back cuz I wasn't made to be tend in a grave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life. Oh, I was made for more. Why should I make when a fountain of grace is running mine? Oh, say I know I am yours. Let's sing it again. I was made for more and a while. Oh man. Shame when a fountain of running my way. I know I am yours. I was made for more. I know I am yours. I know I am yours. I was made for. I know I am yours. I was made. Oh, sing it one more time. I know I am yours. I know I am yours. I was made for [Music] more. And you said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. You You said it. I believe. Oh, you said it. It is done. Oh, you said it. I believe it. Oh, you said it. It is done. Oh Lord, you said it. I believe it. Oh, yes, Lord. It is done. And you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Yes, Lord. And from you are all things and to you all. Say, you deserve the glory. [Music] Oh, yes, you do, Lord. And you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. Oh Lord, from you. Yes. and to [Music] you. You deserve the glory. Sing it again. You're worthy, Lord, and you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy. Hallelujah. Just tell him tonight. Yes, Lord. And from you, oh, and to you are holy, Lord. You deserve, you deserve the glory and you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it. [Music] Amen. Yes, [Music] Lord. From you all and to you are all [Music] you. How could you explain? [Music] How could you [Music] describe a love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is? [Music] Oh, you know our Yes, you do, Lord. Oh, and you know all [Music] our words cannot express the love. Oh, but Lord, we long for you to hear. Oh, can you just make that so personal to him tonight? Say, Lord, listen to my heart. Oh, and hear our spirit sing. Oh, the song of praise that blows. Oh, from those you have redeemed. Oh, and we will use the words we know. Oh, just to tell you, oh, what an awome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love. Oh, listen to. If words could fall, I pray. And if words could fall, I pray. [Music] Oh, from these lips of mine and if I had Oh, is that how you feel tonight? Lord, we just want to tell you how much you mean to us. So if you listen to my heart, oh and listen to my heart. Lord, every beat would say, yes, every beat would [Music] save. Oh, we thank you for the life, Lord. We thank you for the truth and we thank you for the [Music] way. Oh, and listen to my heart. Oh, and hear our spirits sing. A song of praise that [Music] flows. Oh, from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know. [Music] Oh God, [Music] when words are not enough. [Music] [Music] When words are not [Music] enough words are not [Music] Though the may roar and the mountains be Oh, I'm so thankful. I'm not forsen. You are with me. Every step that I take. Oh, I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide. Oh, you're with me. Though the ocean may be shaken, I know I I know I'm not forsen. And every step that I take, oh, I don't have to worry. I know you're Oh, sing it again. Though the ocean though the ocean may roar and the mountains be shen I know I know I'm not forsaken. Oh every step that I take. Oh I don't have to worry. Oh, I know your hand. I know your hand. You are with me. Though the oceanions of n and the mountains be shaking. I know I not forsake. Oh, you're with me. Every step that I take, I won't have to worry. I know you'll [Music] Hallelujah. Why don't we just give the Lord another hand clap tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Just praise him for a moment. Just thank him that he's with us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As brother Timothy said, gifts and callings without repentance, he's been following us every day of our life. Even when we didn't follow him, even when we turned away, though the oceans roared against us, he's been with us. What a wonderful, wonderful God. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Just want to tell him I love you, Jesus. How we love you. [Music] Lord, just before we go to sing another song, just felt to tell you I love you. You're so good to us. [Music] [Music] Thank you [Music] for hallelujah. Thank you for Yes. Never let me. My people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face. Turn from their wicked ways. I will hear from heaven. I'll forgive their sin and heal their [Music] land. Do you believe that word is still true today? [Music] That's where I am in your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your [Music] presence that's where I belong. [Music] Oh where you shelter me, Lord. In theft, in your presence, oh God, say it's in your praise, oh Lord, that's where I [Music] Oh yes. Oh Lord. And in your presence, oh that's where I belong in seeking your face. Oh, touching your grace in the cl of the rock. Oh, in your presence, oh God, it's in your presence, Lord. That's where That's where I draw my strength, Lord. In your presence. Oh yes, oh Lord my God. And in your presence, oh that's where I belong when seeking your face, touching your grace. Stand in the cloud. Oh, in your presence, oh God. In your presence, oh God. Oh, in your presence. Hallelujah. Oh, that's where I strong. Oh, your presence, oh Lord, and in your praise. Hallelujah. You can be dismissed. God bless you as you go. If you want to stay in worship, you're welcome to do that. Amen. Remember the service Sunday in touching your praise. or in the cl of the rock and in your presence. Oh God.
