################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - The Mountain Movers Completing the Harvest Cycle - Bro. Tim Pruitt on May 18, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    The Mountain Movers: Completing the Harvest Cycle - Bro. Tim Pruitt on May 18, 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnNSI2TklDs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Oh, glory to his name. [Music] I'm singing glory to his [Music] face. Oh, glory to his name. Oh, there to my heart was the blood of [Music] God. Oh, glory to his name. I am so wondrously saved. Oh, I am so wondrously save from sin. Oh Jesus so [Applause] sweetly abides with him. And there at the cross where he took me in. Oh glory to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. All glory to his [Music] name. In there my heart was the blood of life. Oh, glory to his [Music] name and paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, free from sin, free to live now I am. Oh, and it reads on the page where my sins were written down. Paid for by the blood of the [Music] lamb. Oh, paid for by the blood of the lamb. I'm free from sin. free to live. Now I [Music] am. Oh, and it on the page where my sins were rented down were paid for by the blood of the lamb. And when justice [Music] proced no one worthy could be found above. Oh, but the precious son of God with the cross and thorny crown paid the debt with the blood of the [Music] lamb. Oh, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, free from sin. Oh, now I am bended re all the pain where my sins were rented down paid for by the blood. Oh yes, sing that next verse now. And oh, how great was the debt that I owed and bound to pay for the seeds I have sold. Oh, but in Jesus my Lord, the great treasure I have found, I redeemed by the blood of the lamb. paid in full by the blood of the lamb free from sin. Free to live. Now I [Music] am on the page where my sins were written down paid for. Amen. Let us all stand and sing that second verse again now. Oh, how great, oh, how great was the debt that I owe. Oh, bow to pay for the seed I have sold. Oh, but in Jesus my Lord, the great treasure I have found. I redeemed by the blood of the lamb and paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, free from sin, free live. Oh, I am handing grace on the day where my sins are written down. Oh, by the blood of the lamb and it reads, "Oh yes, it reads on the page where my sins were written down. paid for by the blood of the lamb. Amen. Amen. And he abides. Oh, he abides. And hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing as I walk the pilgrim way for the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. Oh, God's with me. He's with me. And he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm happy as a bird. Just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Oh, abides with me. And he abides. Oh, he abides. Say hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk their way for the comfort of us with me. And there's no thirsting for the things of the world they've taken. When long ago I gave them up instantly. Oh, my night was turned day. Oh, the comforter abides with me. Yes, he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, say hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk there away for the comforter. Oh, with me. And in that city where the land is the line. Oh, that city where they're coming. No. Yes, I'm a mansion over there. Went free from toilet care. I am going where the lamb. Oh, it's that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no. And I'm a man over there. When free from toil care, I'm going where. We'll sing it again. In that city, in that city where the land is alive. Oh, that city where they're coming. Oh, I man there. Oh, I'm going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know, oh, the sun that shines upon us so bright it will be changed to clouds and rain until we go. Oh, to that city where the land is the light. And in that city where the land is alive. Oh, that city where they're from not and I will [Music] man. Oh, I'm going where the land is the light. And there's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there come a night and if we're faithful by and by. Oh, it's that city where the lamb is the light. And in that city where the lamb Oh, the light. That city where they're coming night. [Music] Oh, and free from toilet. I'm going where the land is the light and the soul let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't wor me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. Oh, he walks with me and not her can harm me. Oh, no one shelter in the arms. We Oh, sing it again now. Let the storm in. Let the storm rage high. The dark clouds rock. They won't worry me for. Oh yes. within the arms of God. He walks with me and will harm me. Oh, I'm sheltered in the arms. Oh, can we sing that one more time before we take the prayer request? So, let the storms raise. The dark clouds rise, they won't worry me. For I'm sheltering within the arms of God. He walks with me and not [Music] harveing the service for us as he comes. want to ask you to remember to continue to pray for brother Ben Coleman. He's still at the rehab institute and uh the plan is I believe to have him discharged this week on Thursday. So praying that that'll happen and he'll just continue to receive strength in his body and relief from the pain that he's been having. Also, we have a prayer request from uh brother Paul Burgess who wanted us to remember a friend of theirs, Melissa, who just found out that she has stage four breast cancer and they don't believe that there's any cure that they can treat her with. So, wanted us to pray for not only that need, but also her salvation. We also have a prayer request that we just uh received for Sister Melissa Winters. She and Brother Brandon are on the way to the hospital to check on the baby. She's having some issues with her heart rate, uh, not feeling well, and she's asking us to pray for her as well as the baby. Amen. So, we want to continue to remember each one that's battling cancer, those that are unable to be here for health reasons, those that are traveling away this weekend. Amen. That God would be with them. Brother, God bless you this morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. How many would have a need on their heart? You know, I have a need. Our God knows what what that hand was lifted for. He there's nothing he doesn't know about us. So when that hand goes up, I know it's there's faith behind it. And that's what he looks for this morning is your faith. So let's go to him right now. Take these needs before him. Take your need, the one beside you's need. Let's just go to him and ask him to come. Dear Lord Jesus, we come this morning, Father. Lord, we're so grateful that we can come together, Lord, as your people and gather with those of precious like faith, Lord. And Father, to come to hear, Lord, the truth today, Father. How privileged we are, Lord. So we don't take that lightly, Father. But Lord, we come this morning inviting you, Lord. Father, if if you don't come, it would just be another meeting, Lord. And it wouldn't mean anything, Father. But if you come, it changes everything. So we come this morning, Lord. Father, our faith united together. Believe in your word. Whether two or three are gathered, there you'll be in their midst, Father. Lord, we know you're the discerner of the thoughts and hearts. Lord, you saw the hands that were lifted before you. Lord, before there was ever even a speck of dust created, a grain of sand, you knew the hand that was lifted and what the need was. And not only did you know, Father, but you provided for us. So Lord, we come thanking you this morning, Father, that we can have faith in your word, Lord, and believe you, Father. And how grateful we are, Lord, to have a God like that today, Lord, that can meet the needs of these that were read, Lord. Sister Melissa gone to the doctor today, Lord, because of this problem. But Father, you took stripes for her. So we claim that in the name of Jesus right now, Father, that you would come by that room where she is, and you would touch her, Lord. You'd be with our brother Ben, Lord, been in the hospital all this time, Father, the need in his body, Lord. I pray that you would touch him. Lord, that he could go home and all would be well. Lord, you would bring healing, Lord. The doctors can perform surgery and they can do what they can do, Father, but you're the healer. So we look to you for his need this morning, Lord. This one, Brother Paul Burgess, the friend, Lord. Melissa with with a need in her body, Lord. Ne for salvation, Lord. Oh God, we lift her up before you, asking that you would come on the scene, Lord. You would introduce yourself, Lord, as healer to her, not only of her body, but of her soul. Father, we pray. Oh God, come by our way now. We pray. Lord, may you anoint the ministry this morning, Brother Michael, Lord, as he leads us in worship to invite your presence. And then when Brother Tim would come, Lord, use him as an oracle of God to speak to hearts, Lord. We're here, Lord, because we're needy and we need you, Father. We're not like Leodysia saying that we have need of nothing, but we realize our need of you, Lord. And we come this morning, Lord, pouring our hearts out to you, worshiping you, Lord, with all of our heart. May you be welcome in our presence. We pray that you would come by now in Jesus name. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Dur was praying for that need for salvation. I thought of many. Amen. That he's just pray that he'll send his spirit down to many that lost loved ones, weward sons and daughters. Amen. I believe that there's a blood that reaches to the highest mountain. [Applause] Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. And the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, I know we'll never lose. Oh, it's power for it reaches. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest [Music] valley and the blood. Oh, from day to day, it will never lose its power. [Music] lost or s brothers could take up the offering, find their [Music] way at the sound of your great name. All condemned. Feel no shame at the sound. Your great name and every fear. It has no place at the sound of your great name. in the enemy. He has to leave at the sound of your great name. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain. Oh son of God of men. You are high and lifted up. All the world will praise your great name. Oh, and all the weak by their strength after. Oh, and hungry soul receive grace at the sound of your great name. In the [Music] fatherless they find their rest at the sound of your great name. I know the sick are healed and the dead are raised and the sound of your great in Jesus. Oh is the lamb. Oh, for us the son of God. You are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. Oh your name. Redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my Savior defender. Oh, can you tell him you're my king? Save redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty. My Savior, defender, you are my king. [Music] Jesus, worthy is the lamb that cross. [Music] Let us lift your hands to him. Let's just worship. [Music] Sing my soul to thee. How great thou [Music] are. Oh, how great. Oh, just take a moment to tell him this morning. Oh, let's sing my soul. Oh my savior God to thee. Lord, how great, how great you are, oh, oh yes, Father, how great. Then sings my soul. And that sings my soul. I sing your God to thee. Oh, how great. Oh, how great you are, Lord. How great thou are. And then sings my soul, oh my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are how. Oh, can we sing it one more time? Then sings my soul. Then sings my [Music] soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. Oh, how great thou are in this s. Oh my savior God to thee. I [Music] praise and you can be seated for a moment. Hallelujah. Far away stood an [Music] old rugged cross. It's an air of [Music] suffering. Oh, but I could say I love that cross. Oh, I love that old cross where the tears and vest for a world of lost sinners was slain. And so I'll [Applause] cherish the old rug until my trophies at last I lay down and I will bring to the old [Music] Oh, and exchange some of a crown. [Music] And all that old rugged cross so despised by the world has a wondous attraction for me. For the dear lamb of God, he left his glory above. Oh, to bear it to dark [Music] calary. Then I'll carry the old broken cross. Oh, to my throne is at last I lay down. And I will cling to the broken cross. Oh, and exchange it someday for a crown. And get that old rugged cross stained with blood so divine. There's a wonder of spiring I see. For it was on that old cross that Jesus suffered and died to pardon and [Applause] sanctify me. Oh, so I cherish your rough cross. Like trophies that I lay down, I will bring to your rug cross and exchange it some for a crown. [Music] So I'll [Music] clearish the [Music] old at last. [Music] Oh, I love you, Lord. And I live my life to worship you, oh my soul. Oh, take joy. Take joy. Oh, let it be a sweet. Lord, tell him again, I love I love and I lift my voice to worship. [Music] Oh my soul, rejoice and take joy. All taste for what you hear and may be a sweet. [Music] Just before we came out to sing, I was watching a video of a lady with a tracheosttomy and she has a speaking valve. Sounds very mechanical, a digital voice. She was singing this song. And I don't think it's just the voice itself that the Lord wants to hear this morning, but a heart singing I love you Lord. I believe it was I love you Lord that started the Welsh revival of somebody with all of their heart just lifting their voice to them and saying I love you Lord. You may not feel like you have much of a voice this morning but can you just take a moment to give them your heart? Say I love you Lord. Just truly just tell them that. And I lift my voice to worship. [Music] Oh yes. Can you just tell him, Lord, just take joy in the praise I give you. Oh yes, Father. In what you hear, then may it be a sweet, sweet [Music] sound. Oh yes, Lord. Say, "I love you, Lord." hand I love. Oh Lord, I lift my voice. Oh yes father to worship [Music] you. Oh yes father. [Music] Oh my soul rejoice and take [Music] my Oh. Yes. Oh, it may be a sweet. Oh, a sweet sound. I just want to tell you again, Father, I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. Yes, Father, I live [Music] my word. Yes. [Music] Oh my soul rejoice and take your [Music] name. Let it be a sweet. Say, "Let it be a sweet." Oh, sing it again now. Say, "Let it be a sweet." Oh yes, Father. Oh, let it be a sweet. [Music] I serve him. The sweeter you grow, the more I love you, the more love. Oh, and each day is like him. My heart overflows the Lord. I serve the sweet. Oh, with the Lord. Can we just all stand together again and sing that song that he grows the more love he bestows and each day is like heaven. My heart overflows and the longer I serve him the sweet. Oh, each day is like heaven. My heart overflows the longer I serve him. The sweeter he gives grace. [Music] Grace, God's grace. Oh, it will cleanse within. Oh, grace, grace, God. Hallelujah. is greater than all my sin. That is greater than all. Oh, give him his praise. Oh, can you just tell them again, I love you, Lord. I lift my voice. I thank you for that grace, Father. It's grace that will pardon and cleans within grace. [Music] God's grace that is greater than all my Lord. We thank you for grace. Grace that is absolutely amazing. the favor on our lives. And you promise, Lord, even grace upon grace, favor upon favor, love upon love, oh God, even an increase of divine love of heaven's atmosphere. Lord, we pray today you will bless us with your presence that you will anoint the word, Lord, as it goes forth. Anoint hearts to receive, oh God. Speak to us Lord. Open our hearts Lord as we come humbly before you Lord. If there is a key to a heart, let us find it so that it can be open. Lord, if there's a need in a life, I pray that there will be a reaching out to you today and saying, Jesus, I need you as you pass by. Lord, we love you and we thank you for your goodness. Asking, Lord, for traveling mercies and grace, Lord, on those that will be traveling home from different places, those who are different away at different places. I pray you'll be with them. But we are, while we are here, Lord, in your presence, I pray, oh God, you'll bless us from heaven. Open up the windows of heaven. Pour out more than what we're able to receive, Father. Lord, let it overflow until it overflows to all around us. Lord, that there would be healing in the church, healing in our midst. God, you know the needs of your children and there are many. But we believe, Lord, not even cancer can stand before our prayers. We believe, Lord, that you are triumphant over every enemy. And we're looking to you today to do exceed and abundantly above that which we're even able to think much longer ask Lord by that which we're able to even think or ask according to the power that works within us. I pray Lord let that power work richly within us today in the name of Jesus. Bring forth exceeding abundantly. I ask it. Father, speak to your children, Lord. Our hearts are laid bare before you. Father, we have looked at passages of scripture today. We've looking at prophecy that is being fulfilled in our midst. I pray, Lord, that today divine uncction will come, Lord, that the spirit will speak to hearing ears and hearts that are able to receive. I ask God that those that come in empty will go away full. Lord, those that came needy will go away with their needs supply. Lord, those that came in sick, may they go out healed, Lord. Those that came out lacking your spirit, go out filled, overflowing. I just give this service to you myself, Lord, as I report for duty. In the name of Jesus, I ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Thank you. God bless you. We so appreciate the Lord and his goodness to us. Amen. Good to see each one of you. And we want to welcome each of you and the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I want you to be turning with me to Matthew chapter 13 because it's from there we will read the scripture today as um and u while we're turning there and just thinking um just been getting some reports of the meetings in in um Kentucky and where the spirit of God has just been pouring out floods of his blessings and his glory coming down and we're so thankful for that also I I got a wonderful video clip today. I wish I could show it to you without without um it broadcast around the world because it's of the Chinese believers there and and as the work continues and grows on that we even went here and others did and we blew upon the flames and seeing it is continuing to burn brighter and um the glory of God just coming down. Amen. Uh the meetings there just tremendous is the Lord moving and by his spirit. And you know a lot of times we think about places like China and and Russia and oh our our country here would our government would say well those are our enemies and our rivals and whatever. But I want you to know even in nations like Iran, uh, where maybe we're we look there and consider them as enemies as a nation, I want you to know there are genuine believers there. Amen. And there there are believers there that are suffering even in Ukraine and and uh other different places around the world. And God's got his people. And so you know behind some of those systems that you see and remember there is a horrible system rising up out of America which is a beast according to the scripture and and and it it it's satanic because it'll speak as a dragon. But I want you. But of course, right here underneath all of that or in the midst of all of that, I should say, there is a bride of Jesus Christ as well because God's got a people around the world. So when you think about those places, don't think of them as our enemies. You think of them. There's our precious brothers and sisters that are in need, great need there this morning. And we want to remember them as we as we think of the of the great things that God is doing and the blessings that he has shared with people around the world. I'm glad we're not the only ones going to be in heaven. I'm glad it's going to be filled with people just like us from every nation, kindred, tongue, and people. I'm glad it's not just for the whites or the blacks or, you know, the Europeans or the Asians or what. I'm glad it's for whosoever will. Amen. And God has blessed us together. Matthew chapter 13 24. And as you turn there, um, we're going to be speaking on another great headstone this morning, a great climax in this day. And, of course, it goes with our theme from Zachchariah. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain. and the headstone, the capstone, the finishing stone, the finishing work shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying the favor of God, grace, grace unto it. Matthew 13:24. Another parable putting forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. And while men slept, his enemy came and swed tears among the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, there appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, "Sir, did thou not sow good seed in thy field? For whence then hath it tears?" And he said unto them, "An enemy has done this?" And the servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay, lest while you gather up the tears, you root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow together." What's these key words? Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I will say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears, and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn. Skip down to verse 36. Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house. And his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. And he answered and said unto them, he that sweth the good seed is the Son of Man. The field is the world, the good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that swed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels. As therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of this world. Then skip over to all the way to the last of the Bible to Revelation chapter 14. We'll read a couple of three verses there. And I looked, and behold, a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of Man, having on his head a golden crown, and his hand a sharp sickle. And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, "Thrust in thy sickle, and reap, for the time has come for thee to reap. For the harvest of the earth is ripe. And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on earth and the earth was was reaped. God bless you. Can be seated. We're going to be speaking today on completing the harvest cycle. Now, the parable of the seed and the swer is more than a teaching. It's actually a prophecy that stretches from the first church age all the way down to the end time. And we're no longer in the season of planting, but we are now in the time of harvest. The rapture anointing is already here. It is the call to thrust in the sickle and the fields are ripe. For we're living in the very hour when the tears will be separated and where the grain must be gathered in with the stalk left behind and the chaff blowed away. Now, in order to be a part of the rapture and of the first resurrection, you must have the quickening power of the Holy Ghost dwelling within you because no one will be caught away or raptured up without it. Romans 8:11 declares, "But if the spirit of him that raised uh up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you." And that quickening life is the resurrection power. And it alone will lift the bride from this earth. Now during the long dark seven ages of spiritual decline, the original Pentecostal experience which was the fullness of the Holy Ghost was lost beneath centuries of tradition and creeds of man. But the true Pentecostal experience, the one that fell in the upper room, is reserved for the mature bride. The saints of the early church had it. They were rapture ready. They were fully ripened. They were like mature wheat in the field and they were prepared for harvest. But instead of being taken, they were planted. They were buried as a seed in the ground. And uh so that at the end of the age when the gross cycle of the church would come its full circle the the same life in them would rise again in the end time bride. And now in this final hour the seed has come to maturity and the harvest is now ready. Now there are things that are laid in the scripture which were you know in times past were traditions um of of Israel. They were feasts that were be kept and they didn't realize that they were prophetical in nature. But in the Levitical law Moses spoke to God spoke to Moses and and everything there is a type and a shadow of what was to come. And in Leviticus 23:9-11, he tells us that as the Lord spake to Moses saying, speaking to the children of of Israel and say unto them, when you've come into the land that I have given you. Now notice uh these these are very important parts that we want to see. That is when you reach the place that I promise. When you come to the land that I swore to give you, when you arrive there, now this is speaking at that time naturally, but it is pointing to something greater, something that is spiritual. And and to the church has been on a long journey coming down to seven church ages. And just like Israel, we also are returning to the land of our forefathers. Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and of course Peter, James, John and Paul. So when you come into the land and I want to say we have arrived, we are here. Amen. That is fulfillment to come into the land for us means we have returned back to Paul's gospel again. The land represents the Holy Ghost. It means we fully possess what other ages only had in portion. You see, not just in truth or in doctrine, but the original experience of the Holy Ghost that goes along with the restoration of the word. Now, this is the land of the Holy Ghost that we have arrived at. After 2,000 years of of wandering through the wilderness of tradition and denominational bondage and spiritual drought, we have finally crossed over. You see, the seals opened it up for us. With the opening of the seals, it opened up the lamb of promise and the fullness of the Holy Ghost. We have journeyed from the upper room at Pentecost through the dark valleys of the ages. And now we're standing on the other side. We are here in the land of promise, the land of fulfillment, the land where the Holy Ghost reigns without measure. Amen. God said when you come in the land I that I swore to give you when you stand in your inheritance and I want to say this is that hour. And if you'll keep that scripture up for a little bit, you know that this is your hour when you come in this land which I give you when you stand in your inheritance. And I want to say again, this is that hour. We're no longer walking by shadows and types. This, you see, the book is open. The seals have been broken. The mystery hidden for seven ages have now been revealed. And now it is time. It is time to reap the harvest of the land. Amen. And I want to say this, this is not just another revival. Oh yeah. It is the bride's revival, but it's more than a revival. This is the end of the world. This is the final harvest. The seed that was sown at Pentecost has come to its full circle. It passed through the blade stage in the reformation with Luther's message of justification. And then the pollen stay and flowering stage of Wesley sanctification move and and into the husk uh shell stage and the theuza Pentecostal age with gifts and manifestation. But even as the husk wraps around the grain, it is not the grain. It looks like it's the real thing, but it's not. And that's why Jesus warned in Matthew 24:24 that this age would be so deceptive that it would deceive the very elect if it were possible. Amen. Now the Pentecostal age, the the the age was the shuck stage. It was the dry papery and lifeless compared to the to the grain. It had form. It had feeling. But it didn't have the life of the seed in it. It was the protective shell, but it wasn't the kernel itself. It's important to understand where we have come and and the difference of what they were and what we are. Because now in this final moment, the seed has emerged. It's not an imitation. It's not the husk, but it's the original grain again. The word bride of Jesus Christ restored to the faith of the valders and it's ready for the sickle of the harvest to be thrust in. We have arrived. We are here. Now in this stage the shuck or the chaff was thought to be the grain ends as much as it was actually misidentified as return to the original Pentecost. It was not Pentecost because Pentecost and the fullness of the word with the fullness of the spirit could only come when the prophet messenger of Malachi 4 came to turn the hearts back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. Nothing else could do it. Amen. Gifts and signs and wonders could not turn our hearts back to the original faith. It would take it would take a an Elijah prophet, a prophetic ministry. And but you see what seemed to be the answer then came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. And it was then believed this was indeed the long awaited restoration. And I'm quoting from the church age book. It was not for the latter rain can only come after the former rain which is the spring or teaching rain. The latter rain then is the harvest rain. And how could this be the real thing when the teaching rain had not come? The the prophet messenger who was sent to teach the people and turn the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers had not come. Thus, what was thought to be the restoration and the final quickening under the rapture had not come. But here now we have arrived. It's a different stage. It's no longer the shock stage. It is now the time for the full grain to be ripened and gathered. Now, John the Baptist declared that after the forerunner delivered his message, the Messiah would come baptizing not just with water like he was doing, but with the Holy Ghost and with fire. And this baptism would not be a passive experience. It would bring separation and purification and judgment. He said in Luke 3 and verse 16, "He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire, whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor and will gather the weed into the garner, but the chaff he will burn with unquenchable fire." Now, this is the prophetic language of the threshing floor. In the ancient time, you see the the grain harvest required threshing. It was a violent but necessary process where the grain was beaten or crushed to break it free from the stalk. And once it was thrust, the grain and the chaff were then thrown into the air. And this is called the winnowing, allowing the wind to blow away the worthless chaff while the heavier true grain would fall back down the floor and be gathered in into the barn. And that's where we are in this hour. We are on God's threshing floor. Hear me now. Amen. And the wind of the Holy Ghost is moving and the fan is in his hand. And the winds of the spirit are blowing through the church. Amen. And it's blowing through the nations and blowing through every heart. And it's a time of the Holy Ghost is winnowing. Amen. Where where the real is being separated from the false and the genuine from the imitation and the grain from the husk. So it's a great hour that we're in. is a very important time and I want you to really get a vision and an understanding of where we are in the harvest cycle because it's prophetical. Just as I placed you last Sunday in uh Revelation chapter 12 and placed the Israel and and the bride and what Satan is doing and the beast system and all of this, I want you to see your place in the harvest cycle where we're at because this again is modern events fulfilled by prophecy. Amen. Our pro prophecy now being fulfilled in these modern events. So the chaff everything that has no life, no substance, no part of the sea will be burned with unquenchable fire. Now this can mean and in some for some the tribulation period, some others will be burnt literally there. They will they will go to hell. But the true grain, the word bride is being gathered now into his garner. They are being made ready for the coming of the Lord. This is rapture hour. This is the time of harvest. This is exactly where we are in the time of separation. The grain is being separated from the stock and the chaff. It's the fan in the hand. The movement of the spirit that's that's that is doing this work. I I want you to understand the spirit has to move. Amen. And he said he would come after this forerunner and he would have a fan in his hand that would be of the winds of the spirit moving and it would blow through the church in its final hour and everything that is not true seed will be exposed and blown away while the true grain is being gathered into the gardener of God. What an hour we're living in. Now that was the purpose of the seals being opened wasn't just to give you some knowledge. It was to separate the grain from the chaff. What was truth from era? You see that means to remove the harvestable part. Those who are selected from all the world to be gathered into the grainery and to the garner and to the barn. Now this is this age then is the age of fullness completion where the Holy Ghost is poured out in his fullness. Not a not a portion of the spirit release but the entire breath of God. The wind of the spirit blowing in its fullness bringing about a time of separation. It'll separate you from sin. It'll separate you from religious creeds. It will separate you and pull you out of denominational systems. Amen. It will it will leave you there wi without chap around you a pure grain. That's where we are now. So that it's the age of fullness. And once you reap the harvest, once the promise begins to manifest, you take the first sheath. Now I want you to see this. Ye shall bring a sheep. Take the first sheath. The sheath was the first portion to reach full maturity. Now watch verse 10 right here tells us when you come to this land which I give to you and shall reap the harvest thereof when you receive what I promise you when the seals are open when the mysteries are revealed then you shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest to the priest and he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted for you on the tomorrow after the Sabbath, the priest shall wave it. Now watch, you will cut down the sheath. You will bring it to the priest. He waves it before the Lord is a sign. The sign is it is signifying the rest of the harvest is on its way. Hallelujah. And I want you to understand in our case, this harvest is going to include seven ages for even the dead will rise in this harvest. Are you with me now? Because you see, this is resurrection language. It's a resurrection prophesied for the wheat that was planted has now come back to full maturity again. Amen. And it's now the grain. And we have completed a cycle. This is true restoration. Amen. Pentecost was our origin and Pentecost is our destiny. And once we res return to the fullness of Pentecost in the final outpouring of the spirit, we go in a rapture. Amen. So now I want to step back just for a moment. I want to step back and I want to look at the big picture of the harvest. Not just in our time, but let's go back in time of a harvest that took place 2,000 years ago. And I want you to remember in that harvest cycle, there was a one to come to maturity. And not only that, there was also a resurrection of all the saints for all the past ages all the way back to Eden. So now as we look at this picture of 2,000 years ago when the first covenant, the old covenant came to his full completion, that entire covenant, every shadow, every promise, every prophet was a planting season or part of the growing cycle. And it all began as a seed. It was first spoken in Eden when God promised the seed of the woman would crush the serpent's head. And that promise took root in the faith of Abraham. And it grew through the lineage of the patriarchs. It was watered in by the law. And it was nurtured by the voices of the prophets. And where did it all lead? It came to a head. It all wound up in the harvest of one. I want you to get this because that's where we come back to the harvest of one. One bride. One church, one bride. And here he was one. The harvest of one in the person of Jesus Christ. All of the Old Testament headed up in him. He was a headstone coming crying grace, grace. Now he was the fullness of the law and the prophets. He was the very embodiment of everything in the Old Testament. He he was the word made flesh. Literally those men, the words, the portions of the word that they were living out was now embodied and made flesh in Jesus Christ. So it was not just a part or not just a piece but it was the fullness of God's revealed word in one man Jesus Christ. And I want you to understand the same thing happens in the last day. The fullness of the word gets made flesh in one body. The body of Jesus Christ the bride. Now Jesus was the first matured ripened grain, the finished product of the Old Testament harvest. If you listen brother Brandham in Christ the mystery he goes through this explicitly over and again as he as he says he was the prophets he was the law he was the song of Solomon he was he was the wisdom of Solomon he was the psalms of David he was all encapsulated in that one man so that he was the fullness of the godhead in a body God's full word now remember this he what has done in the groom is gets done in the bride. So keep keep the parallel going as we as we go along. So he was the word made flesh. He was not just a part. He was not just a piece, but he was the fullness of God's word in a man. He was the first matured ripened grain. Everyone else was immature. Everyone else was only a portion of him, but he was the fullness of them all. He was the finished product of the Old Testament harvest. And according to the law, the first fruits had to be waved before the Lord as a sign there's more coming. Hallelujah. And Jesus was that chief way. He was lifted up by resurrection power as a testimony that a whole field of grain just like him would follow. Hallelujah. He was not only prophesying that they would come from the past, but also the future. That there would be a grain that would be just like him that would follow. His life was the proof. His resurrection was the way. And and we are the continuation of that harvest, a people born of the same seed. Amen. We're ripen into the same image and we're filled with the same spirit and we're ready for the final end gathering. So what an hour we're living in. Tremendous moment we're here. Remember now the sheath was symbolic. It was a prophetic act for it represented Jesus. It was he was the first of God's wheat to raise from the dead. He was God's first cord of wheat. And by God's quickening power, he was raised up and waved before the people as the first fruits of those that slept. Let's look at that. 1 Corinthians 15 and 20. But now is Christ risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept. So now the Bible declares him. Paul picks up on this and he sees him. He's the first fruits. We've been waiting for centuries ever since Eden for it to come back to the seed again. Adam was the seed, but he went down into the ground and died and it come up down and it's grown now through through the Old Testament and through the prophets and by the law. But now Christ is risen from the dead and he is the first fruit of all of them. Amen. Now this waving of the sheath was was an act of faith. It was a thanksgiving to God. It was a sign that the rest of the harvest would follow. And because he came to full maturity, he was waved as a guarantee that the rest of the seed would come. That just as he rose from the dead, there would be a resurrection for us. And just as that sheep was waved in thanksgiving, it believed the rest would come. know that Christ was waved over us as a sign that the whole harvest is accepted. Amen. All the grain is accepted because he was accepted. Are you with me, church? And as he ascended, it was though he waved goodbye. You'll find this uh this in it is the rising of the sun, you know. As he ascended, it was as though he waved goodbye, ascending on high, signifying that the rest of the harvest, the resurrection of his people would follow. It was a sign, the harvest is coming. My resurrection is just the beginning. Hallelujah. Amen. And as he ascended and he waved goodbye, he was announcing the harvest is coming. And then came Pentecost. 50 days later, the first the feast of first fruits continued. It didn't stop with Jesus resurrection, but the feast of first fruits continued. And the Bible said in Acts 2 and2, "And suddenly there came a sound like a from heaven as a rushing mighty wind." What was that? That was quickening power. He was coming down and but it wasn't on Jesus this time but upon his body the church and the chief was now being waved again in resurrection power and this time over a people and when it did dead men came alive. Hallelujah. men and women who were dead in sins and trespasses came alive, resurrected to life, and were filled with the breath of God. Amen. And I tell you what, friends, it's not over because it's promised to be waved once more in the last day as Jesus said in St. Luke 17:30 when the son of man is revealed. He was waved again at Pentecost when the sound came from heaven like a rushing mighty wind. The word was waved over the people. Think of that. And and according to Luke 17:30 to be waved once more in the last day in the day when the son of man is revealed. And you might ask who is the son of man? It's the word made flesh. The word dwelling among us. John 1 and1 declares in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Now let me tell you that word was not just a concept. It was a person. Amen. I'll tell you with you. If you don't have the person, you don't have the word. You have theology but not the word. But when you get the person, you have the word. And he'll reveal to you the truth. Amen. So again, that word wasn't just a concept. It was a person. And if the son of man is being revealed in this final age, then it must be the word made flesh again. This time, not in one man, but in a many membered bride. Amen. That's where Armenia and the message got mi got mistaken. You know, they thought brother Brandham was the son of man. They thought that was the only place that was being revealed. But brother Brandham in the trial said, "I challenge you to believe that Jesus Christ is revealed in the son form of son of man in human flesh through the bride's body." Amen. So here's where he's been revealed. This is where Christ is being revealed. Sure, we saw him revealed in a prophet. But that was only one manifestation. Amen. But here he's now being revealed through the bride's body. And if the son of man is being revealed again, then he is the word. And he's being revealed today in flesh once again. Not in tradition, not in dead systems, but in a people, in his bride. Are you with me now? How many following me now? That's why the traditions of men are dead. And the spirit of God is alive and he's waving the sheep through a people that are baptized with the Holy Ghost and has given life to his people. It's not a tradition, not not some dead denominational system, but in a living people, a people so filled with the Holy Ghost that the same life that was in Christ is now being expressed in them. And that's why the traditions of man is powerless. They're dead. They're lifeless. They're empty. But if the spirit the spirit is alive again, it's waving the sheath. It's bringing resurrection life through a wordborn bride that that is baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire. Amen. So Christ was the first to raise from the dead, the first fruits. But the harvest demands another sheath in the end time. If we're having an end time, and that's where the Bible said the harvest would be, there has to be another sheep when we come back to the land again. Now, a sheep just like the ones in the upper room. They were the first from among the dead. Those early saints who came out of dead religious systems and rose in resurrection life. We too we have come out of the tombs of lifeless creeds. We are risen with him. No, not to return to the bondage of some religion. Come on. But to walk in resurrection power alive forever more. Amen. What is the sheath? It's the first one to mature. It is the proof the harvest is ready. And in this bride age, we have received the good news. It's the message that the full maturity of the word coming to the power and manifestation again in a people is waved with the same signs and wonders. The same spirit that Jesus had. Christ now revealed in his body. Jesus has come again. I don't see him. Well, look around. He is here in the bride body of his church. Amen. Before we meet him in the air, before we see the groom, he's got to manifest manifest himself fully in bride form on earth. Now when the priest waved the sheath in the Old Testament, it was a sign of action and acceptance and of power. And what was waved? I want to ask you what what Jesus that first sheath on that resurrection morning. It was the power of the resurrection. It was the spirit of God. Amen. And now in this final harvest, there is a another sheath that must be waved. A people brought to full maturity once again, bearing witness that the same Jesus lives again in bright form. You see, that's really your seventh seal. Seventh seal is a break in the silence. It is a revelation of his coming. The seventh seal is his coming and it's revealing where he is and what he's doing and where he's being revealed. Amen. Now, the harvest is here. The sheep is waving. The resurrection, as I said, is not just an event. It's a person. We celebrate it as an event called Easter, but it's not. It's a person. And he's alive in his people today. Amen. What is that, chief? It's it's the first message, the first life, the first people to come to full maturity in this age. You say, is it the message or is the people? The people are the message. Amen. Unless there is a people, there is no message. And if without the message, there wouldn't be a people. So in this, it's the first message, the first life, the first people to come to full maturity in this age. It's a bride who don't just have the word in theory, but has the life of the word flowing through her as he said, "Because I live, you shall live also." Now, friends, that's more than just a poetic language. This is resurrection reality. You got to get it. He He was waved in the early reign. Amen. In the former rain, called the early reign. He must be waved again in the latter rain. 2,000 years ago, brother Brandham would type it different ways, but in one of the types, he would type it. That was the early rain and we are the latter rain. So you see, he must be waved again. And it's a sign that the harvest is ready. Because I live, you shall live also. That's what he said to his bride. What a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is to be made alive in Christ by the same quickening power. Think of that. Having the same Holy Ghost poured out. Jesus Christ was the first to raise from the dead. He was the first of all the law and the prophets. He was the seed. He was the first of the Old Testament that came to full maturity. And in the last days, just like the original harvest, there must be a sheath waved again, a message, a matured word vindicated by the same signs and wonders that he performed. For once again, we have come back to the seed. the we're the first I want to say it the first of all the New Testament since Pentecost to come back to maturity immature in Wesley immature in Luther immature in Isuza but here we come back to maturity again the ripen grain because I live you shall live also you see That's resurrection. That's quickening. That's what restoration time really is. And he was waved before them at Pentecost. He was the word made manifest. And he'll be waved again at the end. Now hear me. Everything don't go to the garner. Everything ain't going in the rapture. Brother Brandon preached it. The seed will not be air with the young. So the whole field might grow together, but not everything is gathered together. We see tears bundled one way and we see straw bundled another. We see heads of grain carried to another. We see chap blowed away. Only the grain though is brought in the storehouse. the stock, the chaff, the husk that's left behind. And it'll either be burned or used as bedding for beast. Right? Amen. It's the grain that matters to God. You see, it's the part that carries life, the part that bears fruit, the part that's useful in his hands. And watch this. I I I want to get this picture to you of the harvest and this sheath waving because we get the wrong picture here. You see the wave offering didn't involve the whole plant. I want that to sink in because you get a lot of pictures a lot of times of this big bundle of of stalk with some heads of grain and the priest waving. That's not the way it was. What was it, Brother Tim? You see, God didn't ask for the stocks and the leaves or the husk to be lifted up before him. No, the priest didn't wave a a bundle of of of raw wheat or barley. He he w we w we w we w we w we w we w we w we w we w we w we wave thresh grain. Get it now. Only the grain is weighed, not the rest of the wheat plant. Only the grain. He waved threshed grain. Not just grain, but grain that had been crushed and sifted and ground into fine flour, refined, useful, and acceptable. Now, get the picture. Because grinding is violent, it's a process of being crushed, beaten, and processed. I don't know. I don't know sometimes why we go through the crushing. I don't know why sometimes some of us go through horrible, horrible tribulations and crushings and difficult times. But you even look at brother Brandham's life. In order for him to become something useful to God, he had to be crushed first. Come on. He had to go through the crushing and the purging and the learning not to listen to a mother-in-law and let family matters rule his and dictate it what he was to do. Are you with me? Amen. It's a process of being crushed and beaten and pressed and yet glory to God somehow out of that suffering comes transformation. What was once raw and coarse becomes something God can use. For that grain becomes flour and that flour becomes bread. Oh, let me preach this for a moment. Jesus Christ is our sheath offering. He was the first fruits from the dead. But before he was waved, he was wounded. Before he was lifted, he was beaten. Before resurrection, there was crushing. He was wounded for our transgression. He was bruised for our iniquities. You see, the stalks didn't take the stripes. The grain did. The husk didn't hang on the tree. The grain did. And after the beating, the scorgging, the nail piercing, and the blood shedding, God raised him up with resurrection power. And he said, "Here's my offering. Here is the bread of life. Here is the nourishment for the souls of mankind." You see, no wonder Jesus declared, "I'm the bread of life which came down from heaven." He wasn't raw grain. He was refined, beaten, baked by the fire of suffering. And he served to the world as living bread. And as a church, as a people of God, we're to be bread also. No, not raw grain. We get it. We get the idea a little bit wrong. In this wave offering, it's it's beaten grain in the fine flour. So now we come into this end time waving just as a waving of the first sheath. There'll be a waving of a people, a prepared people going to a prepared place. Remember, but listen, God will not wave the chaff of dead religion. He will not lift up stalks that are still rooted in tradition or husks that are puffed up with form and have no real substance to them. No, no nourishment, no nutrients. He's waving grain. He's waving people who have been separated from the chaff, threshed by the truth, ground by trials, refined by the fire, sanctified by the spirit, transformed from raw potential into a holy purpose. I'm talking about the grain, the sheepwave offering. They are the ones that God will wave in resurrection power. Oh yeah. You may wonder, why am I going through the beatings? Why am I going through the trials? How come the How come I never get a break? Because he's refining you. He's getting ready to pick you up and wave you before the world and say, "Here, this is my son. This is my daughter." Amen. These are the ones that God will raise will will wave with resurrection power, living sacrifices, living grain offerings. As he said in Romans 12:1, "Present your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God. This is your reasonable service." And once again, the grain is being ground. I hope you can say hallelujah. Amen. Because when it's ground, it loses its individuality and becomes one substance. All those grain become one substance. Flour, fine flour, one people, one purpose, one body. Amen. 1 Corinthians 10:17. For we being many are one bread. I'm going to take off my coat and I want your full attention. Don't stare around. Look here or there. You look right here. I'm the one speaking to you through the Holy Spirit. Hear what the spirit is saying. Focus in. We being many are one bread. We are one body. We are all partakers or part of that one loaf. Are you with me now? Now, so I'm just saying to you, let God grind you. Say, why? Maybe your faith needs a little more refining. Maybe your persistence and your patience needs to be increased. Maybe you need to be ground a little more till you fit his image. Don't curse the crushing. That's how the grain becomes bread. That's how your life becomes useful in the hand of God. And when the grinding is done and the refining is complete, then God will wave you as part of his harvest, not as a stock, not as chaff, but as resurrected grain filled with the life of the risen Christ prepared for his glory. So let me recap it. Once the grain is ground, it loses its individuality. It becomes a single unified substance flower. This is symbolic to the body of Christ. Many members becoming one bread, one offering. Amen. For we being many are one bread, one body. For we're all partakers of one bread. This, you see, there's there's remembrance of this. Every time we do communion, we share the broken bread. And yet yet it does represent the broken body of the Lord. Although none of his bones were broken, but his body was bruised and beaten and pierced. But as bread is broken and shared it, it signifies also the oneness of believers in Christ's body, the church. We're all part of that one loaf. So you come by in the communion line and you get your little one piece because all together we make one loaf. Not everything goes in the garner though. But those yielded to the process, those will be waved and and gathered and offered in the power of his resurrection. So I say today, let the harvest begin. Let the wheat be threshed. Let the chaff be burned. Let the grain be refined. And let the grain then be waved before the Lord because he's going to take a bride up in the rapture and said this is her way over there with her. In his sermon, it is the rising of the sun. And if I recap this again because I bring it often, you know, many times and I'll have I'll actually hit a couple of more points just to reemphasize them to you because I I want you to get it. But in the rising of the sun, brother Bradom illustrated the difference between the chaff left behind and the grain that is raptured. And he did it with this illustration. He's told us to picture two brand new Cadillacs side by side. Perfect mechanics, beautiful dokin leather, chrome wheels, powerful engines, boat filled up with gasoline. They're ready to run, but one won't start. Why? Because no spark. Now remember, he's typing, he's using this illustration. And he's been talking about the sheath waving and the difference the chaff left behind. And I tell you what, with it in this condition, and I want to say with the word revealed, the only thing that matters now is the spark. Gasoline by itself won't run the car. And that's what's wrong with too many people and and even too many churches. We we have the word, but often we're lacking the star the the spark. We we have the farm. We have the beautiful car. We have the structure. But we deny the power thereof. And the spark is what ignites the gas. It confirms it as real thing. If there's no spark, there's no movement. It might as well be water. You see, that's where many churches go wrong. They focus only on the mechanics. And I say at church, we have focused on the mechanics. And rightly so. We got to have the word, the word, the word, the word, the word, the word. It must be. We must have the word correctly placed. It must be preached. Without the word, we're not going anywhere. There's power in that word. Amen. But but you see they focus on the mechanics, the doctrine, the theology, and even tradition. But without the dynamics, the Holy Spirit, they're lifeless. The word is true. That's the gas. But without the spirit, the spark, it doesn't move. And brother Bradam told us, we have focused too much on the mechanics and not enough on the dynamics, the power of the Holy Ghost to quicken the word. We got churches with the mechanics. We have doctrines. We have programs. We have beautiful buildings. We, you know, have structure of church orders and and beautiful singing and worship and whatever. But no dynamics. No Holy Ghost and fire to ignite the word is really important, church. Amen. Because this is what makes the difference between the chaff and the grain. Because one goes up, it has life in it. The other does not. So, so the Bible said that this would be in the end time that would have a form of godliness, but deny the power thereof. You see, you can have the word, you can have the gasoline in the tank, but if there's no spark, it just won't move. It, as we said, it might as well be water because you just can't have the word. You see, the gasoline by itself won't fire. You you need the spark to prove it's really gasoline. You say, "Brother Tim, well, you know, you people there, you just you you know, you just got this steam and you go blow it out the whistle. You know, you're blowing it out the whistle. That's all you're doing. Shout it." Listen, let me tell you something. It takes fire to get enough steam to blow out the whistle. So, the whistling is only proven there's fire in the engine. But we want more than a whistle. We want it to move down the track. Amen. We want to pull you down to holiness. We want to pull you down to godly life. We want to pull you down to divine healing. We want to chug right down to every promise of God. So the spark proves the gas is real. The spirit confirms the word is alive. That's the resurrection life. That's the quickening power. That's the spark that sets the whole church into motion. But too many have focused on the chrome paint in the body. Running test on the engines. Oh, haven't we done that? Oh yeah. You know, but I'm here to tell you, it won't run without fire. You need the Holy Ghost. We need fire. I believe we got the word. Don't you? I believe Malachi 4 restored the word. Don't you? Amen. Well, what we need is the fire of the Holy Ghost to hit that word on the inside of you and raise you up to live the gospel. Amen. Quoting the prophet, you believe the message of the day just to believe is not enough. To walk around where it's at isn't enough. You get all these things from the token. See, that's to make yourself worse. For he that knoweth to good do good and doeth it not to him is sin. In other words, he that knoweth you should get the Holy Ghost and don't do it is sin to you. You say, "I believe the message." That's all right. But that's good and but you must have the token. Do you hear Brandham Tabernacle? You must have the token displayed. So, well, we got the token, brother Jim. It must be displayed. It must be displayed with signs, with wonders, with a life that is lived, with fruits of the spirit. It has to be on display. We heard on Wednesday night of of one of the displays of the token at work, the love of God living out your life. Without it, all you're believing in is in vain. I'm quoting the prophet. You'll live a good life. You'll listen to what the word says. You'll go to church. You'll try to live right. That's fine. But that's not it. When I see the blood, that's the token. God's looking for the Holy Ghost. So, he said, "Don't just come this far and say, I believe the message. You obey the messenger. Come into Christ." You say, "Well, I believe every word said, Brother Brandham, that's good, but that's just being able to read." Take the message, take it in your heart that you must have the token, the very life that was in Christ being you. When I see that, I'll pass over you. Amen. Now when the token you see when the when the token the Holy Spirit fire ignites the 10,000 octane word of God residing in a man or a woman a church it will move in the power of God. And that's what happened at Pentecost. That's what happens again. The resurrection power of God moves the church forward. Now the first sheath which was the son of God was weighed and since then many churches have come many brides but there must be one real bride. That's what brother Brandham said. There have been church and churches bride brides church and churches but there must come a real one. Not just with the word but he said with a power to bring it to life. Not just mechanics but dynamics. A church that doesn't just look the part. but moves in the resurrection power of the Holy Ghost. For Paul said in 1 Corinthians 2 and4, "My speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power." You see, you can polish the chrome all day long, but it won't drive without the power. You need both mechanics and dynamics. You see, he wasn't just the word. He was the life of that word. The dynamics of God entered the word and it shook his body laying in the tomb and it raised him up again and he said, "I am he that was dead." And even nature testified he was. But now the whole world must see he's alive. The word was not just truth. It was alive. And the bride is of that same life. Oh, get this. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall you do also. He gives the bride, you see, the same charge, the same power, the same life, dynamics in the mechanics. Didn't he do it? He said, "The works that I do, shall you do also." So, one church sits still. It'll be left behind for the junkyard of the tribulation. The other rises in resurrection power. Now, both claim to be the bride, but only one has the life to move. You see, it's not the gasoline alone. It's the spark. We've got to have the spark. We got to have the Holy Spirit because he said, "You can do nothing without me, but with me all things are possible." Isn't that the truth? Amen. And as Paul said, it didn't come in word only. It came in power. And I want you to know this message didn't come in word only. It came in power. And if it's the word, it'll still be here in power. And if he's the groom, then the bride must be the same. You see, she must be flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone and spirit of his p spirit and power of his power. And together it makes the full union of mechanics and dynamics together. And that's why the church and I want you to get this because this is very important. I want you to understand the fullness of the spirit has not returned until our day. And that's why the church must receive the same spirit that moved Christ. Amen. That's the spark in the engine because he said the works that I do shall you do also. You see, there's power in the word. That's resurrection. That's the resurrection message. And that's why that's what they received in the upper room. They and that's what we got to have right now. Amen. The very same thing you you just can't have the form, the teaching, the structure. But the spirit doesn't move. It's dead. It must come together. And one church will sit still and the other will rise. I ask you what church you want to be a part of. Both may look alike. Both may claim to be bride but only one will have the spark. And it takes that combustion, that explosion of the spirit, uniting with the word to move it. That that's resurrection life. That's the real power of God. The word and the spirit together. For it's the spirit that quickenth. The word is a gasoline, the Holy Spirit the spark. So he said, "As the father has sent me, so send you." So as he sent him, how did he send him? He went in him. And he is sending forth the people in this day. How's he how's he sending us? By going in us. These signs shall follow them that believe. They are the proof of the dynamics and the mechanics. Now, so Romans 8:11 says, excuse me, Romans 8:11, but if the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Now, brother Brandham emphasized this. He emphasized in this scripture the word if. See it there. If that's the key word. If the same spirit that raised up Christ is in you. You see what was in him must dwell in the bride. If that's the dividing line. That's what separates the real bride from the imitation. The real bride will not stay in the garage and it will not be something just abandoned on the roadside. Amen. For she will not settle for empty tradition. No. No. She will move because she has mechanics and dynamics, the spirit and the word united. And when that union comes together, we fulfill the prophecy that is written in in Isaiah 60 and verse one that speaks of us. Arise, shine, for thy light has come. And the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. Amen. The headstone coming down upon a people crying, "Grace, grace." You see, let's go back in a moment and let's look at God's first bridegroom, which was Adam. He had both male and female in spirit form, right? And when God created Eve, he didn't go get some new dirt. He took Eve from Adam. Same flesh, same spirit, same life. Took her from Adam's side. Not a new creation, but a part of that same word. And the bride must also be flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone and spirit of his spirit. Mechanics and dynamics united together. So it must be both. And when it does, it'll move just like he did. As brother Brandon said, if it if it hit on 16 cylinders, so will the bride. They'll be just like Jesus. And until the church becomes both mechanics and dynamics, word and spirit, she'll never move in resurrection power. So don't criticize seeing a little bit of steam coming out the whistle. Amen. Don't criticize. It's fire that has already started uniting, igniting the word. Come on. That's quickening power already at work. That's resurrection life. That's the real message. The real message is not just word but his spirit. Not just truth but life. And unless it has both the active both of them active as prevailent power then it's really not the real message. The real message has both. That brings us into raptured condition. Now, Brother Brandham preached this in the Easter Seal and he he showed you what it does to you as an individual. When resurrection power hits you, the old things, what does it do to our moral body? It turns our opinions. Oh, we got we got a world today trying to turn your opinion. But God's wanting you to to turn your opinion. And so what does this quickening power do? Our mortal body, it turns our opinion. It changes our notions. It sets our affections on things above. And the smoking, the drinking, the gambling, the things that you used to do is dead. It's beneath you. And what does it do? Now listen so you'll know. And this Easter, I want it to mean more to you than any Easter ever did. I want you to see it. We know what it done for him. But I want you to see it not will. It has done the same for you. What does it do? It quickens the mortal body. This mortal body that we live in, it quickens it. In other words, it brings it to life. Now once you who walked alone with a great big cigar in your mouth or a bunch of cigarettes and you women who once had short hair and painted and carried on wore shorts and things like that all at once something screamed and you looked down and it was the word. It quickened your you said no more shorts for me, no more liquor for me. No more lying. No more stealing. No more this or that. The spirit that raised him from the dead dwelling in you will bring your mortal bodies subjective to what? Christ. And who is Christ? The word. Not theology, but the word. Didn't you say these things? Oh, I think it's all right for women to wear slacks. When the word says no. See, it quickens you to that. You are drawn to it. See, it's you then you become part of the word. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm looking at I'm looking at men and women today. Quickening power is already at work in you. It's already turned you heavenly. It's already working in your mortal body. You used to smoke, drink, dope, carry on, fornicate, everything else. What happened? Quickening power got a hold of you, changed your opinion, changed your desires, lifted you up, resurrected you from dead works to serve the living God. That's the Holy Ghost that did that. I've been looking for him, brother Tim. That's him that did that. And he that started a good work in you is going to finish it. Look what you were and look what you are. You came from somewhere. Something happened. There was a change took place. Transformation power took work. The things you used to do, you do them no more. The desires you used to have, you have them no more. Your opinions is now changed. Your thoughts are on him. Oh, that's greater than speaking in tongues and running up and down the aisle. Come on, church. Amen. This change that has happened in you is a permanent change. And you see your atmosphere is changed. You've turned heavenly. You're caught up into it. When you're filled with the spirit, this is what brother Brandham said that happened at Pentecost. So rapturing up, raised into a, and I'm quoting him, raising up into a different atmosphere than they'd ever lived in. Even their language was quickened to a heavenly language. Say, "Not mind, brother Tim. I've never spoke in tongues. Listen. Listen. You've spoke heavenly language. That's right. You no longer speak the language of defeat, the language of darkness, the language of unbelief, the language of doubt, the language of sin. Hallelujah. You now speak the language of heaven. That's better than unknown tongues that nobody understands. That's something the world can see. Oh yeah. I believe in speaking in tongues and I encourage it. I say everybody ought to have that experience. But without this, it's nothing. That's right. Now, church, I'm 70 years old, and I know you are wondering when I'm going into mental decline. And when I'll start repeating myself and preaching the same sermons over again, I know what I'm doing here. I'm fully cognant of what I'm doing. This is not some forgetful old man. I'm bringing back to your memory, back to remembrance, emphasizing again some very important parts. Now, it's in this atmosphere, I'm covering it again. It's in this atmosphere, this Holy Ghost atmosphere, that we will meet him. Yeah. Not just a moment of joy and ecstasy, but a realm where faith and godly works converge in a holy harmony. This this isn't just emotional elation. It's a divine collusion of belief and obedience, a spirit and truth. It's the revelation of a people who didn't just say they knew him, but they actually live like they did. It's not enough to shout about being in the message and being rapture ready with a bold claim, well, I'm predestinated. But we must be spiritfilled and fruitbearing. For he's not coming back with a tree for a tree, a bride tree with with just leaves only, but one that is heavy with fruit, that has love and holiness and obedience and faithfulness and power. It won't be empty claims that rise to meet him. It will be lives that are full of his life. Lives that have abided in him, that have walked in him, that are now being caught up to meet with him. The rapture is going to be more than just a celebration. Oh, it'll be that. All right. But it is a culmination of a life that didn't just profess Christ, but manifested him. They didn't just say, "I'm in the message." And wear a message label. Come on. Amen. But actually manifesting Christ is more than a a pin that you get from voice of God. Amen. It's not just claiming to be connected to the vine, but it's bearing the fruit that we are the branches. Living extensions of his own life. That we're alive with his life. We're flowing with his nature. We're producing what only the vine can produce. Amen. In that atmosphere, it won't be empty words that rise to meet him. It'll be lives that are full of the spirit. Amen. It'll be full of his nature. For the bride is not only spiritfilled. She is fruitbearing. And it is that living, breathing, producing union with Christ that were caught up to meet him in glory. And listen to me. In that moment, he will not be meeting a church full of empty profession, but a bride made ready that is clothed in righteousness, whose wits are trimmed and are filled with oil and radiant with the spirit and have the fruit of the Holy Ghost. And this is more than professing than being than just professing. I'm connected to the vine. I have his life. Making that profession is bearing the fruit that proves we are branches. Brother Brandham said this in the message investments. Now listen, this goes along with brother Aaron's message Wednesday night. The world is wanting to seek Christ. Jesus said, "I'm the vine. You're the branches." And the branch bears record of the vine because it draws his energy and life from the vine. Well, the first vine, the first branch that came forth from this vine, they wrote a book of acts behind that branch. We see the way the spirit acted in the first church, that church of Pentecost. And then when we believe that if this original vine ever puts forth another branch, they will write another book of Acts behind it because it's the same life that's in the vine. And if the first branch put forth a bunch of grapes and then we find a bunch out here that's got watermelons growing on it or pumpkins or cucumbers, we know that it isn't the life that's in the vine. Therefore, I think, now listen close, that we who call ourselves Pentecostals has failed to represent the real thing that Christ has set forth for us to represent, the Holy Ghost and the life of the spirit. We sometimes represent sensations and we represent joy and that's good. Nothing wrong with that. But there's more to it than that. There is a fruit that goes with it. And the hungry man is looking for this fruit of the spirit. And that was the quality that was in Jesus. Amen. So it's the atmosphere where faith has real works, where love is expressed and projects from the inner atmosphere of our souls in both goodness and mercy. I want to read you a scripture. It's found in Micah 6 and8. He has shown thee, oh man, what is good and what the Lord doth require of thee, but to do justly and to love mercy and walk humbly before our God. Hold that scripture up for a minute. Let me read it in the amplified. He has told you, oh man, what is good. And what does the Lord require of you except to be just and to love and to diligently practice kindness, compassion, and to walk humbly with your God, setting aside any overblown sense of importance or selfrighteousness. So this is what God wants expressed. So, let me tell you, the rapture that we're looking for is not coming to get those who are lifeless and void of the spirit. And it won't be merely an event. It will be an atmosphere. The rapture is an atmosphere. The very word means ecstasy. Overjoyed is a atmosphere of great joy of expressions and it's an atmosphere that is saturated with a dynamic overwhelming infusion of love. Amen. That divine love which is the Holy Ghost. It will be so charged with glory. I'm talking about the atmosphere of the rapture. so saturated with the very voice of God, the very spirit of God, the very breath of God, until sickness will vanish, the lame will leap, limbs will be restored. Not through the laying on of hands. Come on, church. But by the very presence and power of his spirit. And in that sacred moment, we're going to be caught up. Yes. Not just lifted up into the skies, but into a dimension of glory that where heaven touches the earth. In that atmosphere, we'll caught up not just upward, but inward into a realm where heaven, as I said, touches the earth and the divine feels the natural. Yeah, I know. The word said we'll meet him in the air. That's the Bible. And truly we we may certainly rise like Jesus did and take it in the clouds and receive out of the sight. I'm not even going to argue that point and neither would I belittle that point. But the air speaks of something that is that is deeper. It's more more than oxygen and altitude. Is not just atmosphere sky. Is a spiritual realm that you ought to be praying this morning. Lord, lift me up above the shadows. Lift me up and let me stand. Bring me up on the mountaintop. Take me out of the doldrums to lift me up in the Holy Ghost. It's a spiritual realm, a heavenly atmosphere. It's a place of divine encounter. The space where the temporal gives way to the eternal. A divine intersection where the the natural gives way to the supernatural. The Bible said we'll be caught up to meet him in the air. And that air signifies and symbolizes that sacred in between that threshold between heaven and earth between mortality and immortality is where the the veil tears and eternity meets the soul. And it's the same kind of air that was in the upper room. Hear me church. There was a sound. A sound like a rushing mighty wind. Why? The atmosphere was shifting. Amen. Heaven was invading. The spirit of God didn't just sin. God breathed. Come on, church. Just as God breathed life into Adam, forming man out of dust, making him a living soul. So even at Pentecost in the upper room, God breathed life into the church and she became a moving, living, spiritfilled bride, alive with power and alive with purpose, alive with his presence. A people that were filled with heaven's atmosphere where the divine love permeates all and prevails. Wind is a symbol. Breath is a substance. The Holy Ghost is both. Wind and spirit in the scriptures always point to the spirit of God. And like the wind, the spirit moves how he wills. You don't always know where he comes from or where he's going or when it's going to blow. Come on, church. Oh, we're we're ripe for the blowing. It may be a little bit still in the building this morning, but it's time for the spirit to blow. Amen. And we don't always know where it'll come from, what side it'll even start on. How it will feel when it will come down. But you'll hear the sound. You'll feel the change. You'll see the evidence. You'll know it's there. You may not see a pillar of fire, but it'll be here. And you'll see like the wind blowing, leaves begin to move. Amen. The trees clap their hand. Amen. People waving in the spirit of God. Amen. The enemy being blown away. The spirit of God moving through the church. the dynamics of the Holy Ghost falling in the building. Hallelujah. You'll see the evidence. You'll know it's there. That's the spirit of the living God. He moves suddenly unexpectedly. And when he does, everything changes. Everything changes when he arrives. So I say, let him blow this morning. Even so, the bride being filled with the spirit, we have been made alive. We're not some cold, lifeless institution. We're not some dead formal shell of religion. We're a living, breathing, moving spirit anointed body. Hallelujah. We're breathing, worshiping, interceding, fruitbearing bride. That's who we are because we're alive. The breath of God is in us. Hallelujah. And where there is breath, there is sound. And it's the voice of the resurrection. It's the voice of the resurrection one lives through your life and blows through your being and it proves the spirit is there. Where there's sound, there's voice. And with that voice, the bride declares resurrection life. She has a voice. She has a voice. It's the voice of the resurrection. Is a voice, a power, a voice that declares the spirit in the bride say, "Come." See, we're not just waiting for a quiet escape. We're being prepared for a glorious eruption of life and glory and divine transformation. The rapture itself is the climax of a spiritfilled union when the when the wind of God catches a living bride and like a mighty eagle, she soarses into his presence forever. I don't know about you this morning, but I'm getting ready to leave this world. I tell you, you may be sitting down on a limb this morning. You may be resting from a trial. You may have went through persecution and a storm. You may have been blown down where you're just hanging there on a tree and just by a thread like it was. But let me tell you something this morning. If you can feel the wind, hallelujah. If you can feel the spirit moving, if you can feel it coming and ruffling up your feathers, if you can feel it moving, I tell you, set your wings. Lift your wings. Rise up. Take a jump off of that low limb. Get out of that depression. Get out of that unbelief. Get out of that spirit of darkness and rise. Let the wind lift you up. Let the Holy Ghost lift you up into a rapture atmosphere where all things are possible. Where the sick are healed, where cancers are gone, and where the body of Christ rises in power. Hallelujah. God's one to take you who have been ground. God's one to take you have been bruised. those of you that have been wounded and ground in the fine flower and wave you with resurrection life and say this is my people. Amen. She overcomes death, hell, and the grave. She's more than a conqueror. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Until we say the same thing as the spirit. The spirit and the bride say come. Do you know what the trumpet says? Does anybody know what the trumpet will say? Oh no, that's not what it'll say. At the end of the seven ages, a door, an entrance was made into heaven. Revelation chapter 4. As the bride goes up at the end of the Leodysian age and heaven opens far, I heard as it was of the voice of a trumpet that said, "Come up, hither." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what the trumpet said. It says, "Come up." Oh, if you can hear the trumpet gospel this morning, it's saying, "Come up. Come up. Rise a little higher. Come up from the doldrums. Come out of lukewarmness. Come out of unbelief. Come up hither. Move into the atmosphere. Let it feel your wings. Let it feel your lungs until you speak the voice of the spirit. until you also say, "Even so, come Lord Jesus, come." And you're gathered home to meet him. Stand together with me. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of my rock. Oh, hallelujah. We'll be caught up in an atmosphere that feels like the upper room, but even greater. It'll be glory upon glory, breath upon breath, spirit calling the spirit, the spirit, the Holy Spirit in us calling to the Holy Spirit coming down. And in that sacred moment, we will be changed and caught up forever with the Lord. Yeah, it's harvest time. And the Lord of the harvest is here. Come here, brother Jerry. Come right here. Get this microphone and sing. It's harvest time. And I can hear the combines coming. You're going to gather in the grain and take it home. Amen. The tears will all be burned because God's word. But I'm so glad. Aren't you glad too? It's harvest time. Brother Jerry, you've sang it many of years, but we're part of that harvest. Amen. We thought we were ready to go when we were young people, but God said, "No, there's a little more refining and grinding and making one the flower, and he's going to wave in this last day." Amen. God's been great to us. The journey's been long. The way's been hard. The grinding's been tough. But we're more than conquerors. Amen. Amen. And so Caleb stands here today and we look together in the land. I want you to see it's harvest time. Amen. It's harvest time. And I can hear the combine's coming together in the grave and take it upon you and the tanks will all be burned because God's word is burned. I'm so glad. Are you glad to get our sign? Well, God sent us a prophet to tell us about the birth of the world. If you It's harvest time and knocking near the combine's coming to gather in the rain and take it And the tears will all be burned because God's word is burned. I'm so glad. Are you glad it's all when it seems there's lot of action all around us. ask you what you stand so still. If they only knew his message of the [Music] hour, then let know that it's weak in the master. It's harvest time and I can hear the comments [Music] coming together in the brain. The camps will all be burned because God's word is I'm so glad. Are you glad? All right. Amen. I want him to start over again with that first verse. He can start with the chorus and then I want to sing. You know, God sent a prophet in this end time age. How many believe he did? Amen. To tell us about the coming of the Lord. Amen. Oh my. We're here in that hour, aren't we? I believe it with all my heart. You have that second verse or that other verse. God sent us a prophet. All right. Start now. God sent us a prophet in this end time to tell us about the coming of the world. He said, "You must hold back to your father's name. heart will perish with the guilty if [Music] we [Music] hear you [Applause] together make it home and the pain will all Because God's word is I'm so glad. Are you glad to [Music] because I see there's a lot of action all around us. When people ask you why you stand so still, if they only knew this, I'll be the sweet master. It's harvest [Music] time. The time is coming. Don't clap for me. Don't clap for me. Together in the grave to take it home. And the t will all be burned because God's word. And I'm so glad. Are you glad too? His harvest is [Music] harvest. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so glad. Aren't you glad too? It's harvest time. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. And there's a song that says, "When I wake up to sleep no more." Amen. He's heard that song before. Amen. What a glad thought, some wonderful morning. just to hear Gabriel's trumpet sound when I wake up to sleep no more and rise to meet our blessed redeemer with the black shout I'll leave when I wake up to sleep no more when I wake up to sleep no home. Oh, happy I'll be on heaven's bright shore. Oh, with the redeemed upon the age and the one that I adore when I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, glory to God. I'll have a new body changed in the sweet thing of a night when I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, leaving behind all trouble and sorrow in the sky when I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, when I wake [Music] up to sleep no more. Oh, happy I'll be on heaven's right shore. And with the redeemed upon the ages, praise the one that I when I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, glory to God. I'll have a new body changed in the twinkling of the night. When I wake up to sleep no [Music] more in the sky when I wake up to sleep no more. When I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, happy I'll be in heaven's bright. Oh, with the redeemed of all the ages, praising the one that I adore when I wake up. Oh, sleep the Lord. Take it now when I wake up to sleep no more. Oh, happy I'll be on him right shore. And with the redeemed of all the ages, praising the one who I adore when I wake up. Put asleep. See you one more time when I wake up. to sleep no more. Oh, happy I'll be on heaven's bright shore. And with the redeemed of all the ages, praise the one who I adore when I wake up. Oh, to sleep no more. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Oh, praise him. Praise. Oh, praise him. When the sun goes down, serve him. Oh, [Music] serve him in the morning. Serving in the new time. Oh, serve him. Serve him with sun. Oh, love him. Love him. Love him morning. Oh, [Music] love. Yes, love. When the sun goes down. Yet my my my, what a joy serve by Jesus. Oh, that I could explain the way I feel. Rejoice. Sing it up. Speak for joy and joy. It's amazing. But praise God, I know it's real in my mind. And all that I could explain the way I rejoicing in unspeakable joy and full glory. Oh, but praise God. I know it's real. He's my savior now. Jesus is my savior. He gives me love and favor. He's my redeemer, master, lord, and king. And down here, I'll tell the story and give him all the glory. He brought me out, gave me a song to sing. Oh my my my [Music] my explain the way I feel rejoicing in a sweet joy. Amen. Let's sing it one more time. God bless you. Oh my my my my. What a joy to serve my Jesus. [Music]
