################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-01 - Church Age Study - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on August 1, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-01
Title:    Church Age Study - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on August 1, 2025
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck5K-oqCAwM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] He is my Lord of God. Anybody ask you? Oh, where I'm going? Where I'm going? where I'm going [Applause] one day soon. [Applause] Oh, if anybody ask you. Oh, where I'm going. Where I'm going. Oh, someday soon. Tell him for me I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. [Music] I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. [Music] I can take the pain, the heartache that I bring. There's comfort in the wind. Oh, I'll soon be go. God gives me grace in this Christian face to face. Oh belong. I'm going up yonder. Oh yonder. Oh yonder to my understanding rapture. Oh rapure [Music] rapure. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. How many's planning on going up yonder? Amen. I think you can say amen a little louder than that. How many's planning on going up yonder? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I believe that ought to be all of our goal and ambition is to go in a rapture. KFG sing all the way. Going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I'm all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. with my Lord. Oh, I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm draw the line. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I made my choice. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. No turning back. No turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, no. Turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. Oh, I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the way. Yes. [Music] I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. Oh yes, Lord. I'm going all the way. All the way. Yes. Going all the way. I'm going all the way with my I've made my decision. I made my decision. I'm going on. Oh, I made my decision. Yes, I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my one more time. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, no turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. with my Lord and spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Feel my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God move. I want to be so that you can come. Oh Lord, and fill me. Spirit of God, oh spirit of God, right in my heart. Fill my [Music] spirit of God. Move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. Oh yes. Can we sing it again and make it our prayer tonight? Just Lord move tonight in my life. Hallelujah. Oh spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being and consume my life. Spirit of God move. An empty vessel I want to be so that you can come Lord and fill me Lord Jesus. Lord that's our prayer tonight Lord is that you'll just come and fill every heart and every life Lord. Lord, and if we've been filled, we're asking tonight, Lord, for a refilling, Lord. We recognize that we need more and more of you each and every day. Lord, it's the great hour of darkness, but we can rejoice because light has shone, Lord. And when that light has shown us, Lord, our need for you more than ever, Lord, our need for refillings of your spirit. And I'm just asking you to come tonight, Lord, illuminate, Lord, your word. Open our hearts to receive it and speak life tonight, Father. I pray we love you, Lord. We commit this time to you, Lord. May it not just be a history lesson, Lord, but may we see you moving in the midst of your church in Jesus name. We commit these things to you. Amen. And amen. Thank you very much. Amen. But before we get in, let you seat have your seat. We're going to read one verse. And I didn't put it in the PowerPoint, so I'm just going to read it here for you. And we're going to read the final verse in in Revelation three as he closes out the Leodysian church age. He says, "To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame and am sat down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches." Amen. May God add his blessing to it. as you have your seats. Amen. Before we before we get into this, I do just want to make mention, I know it was put on the the the Facebook announcement, but just a reminder that afterwards, there will be food and fellowship at uh Brother Jackson, Sister Laura Burns's home. They've been so gracious as to open up their home to us tonight, and there'll be um food and things supplied there for fellowship afterwards. So, amen. And it's good to be back together again as as we go into the closing chapter of the seven church age book. And and this was titled a resume of the ages. And and and a resume means a summary of something. So that so that's what this is tonight. It's it's a it's a summary. And brother brother Brandham says, "It is therefore our purpose now to take this chapter and beginning with the Ephesian age traced through all ages, the church and her history as given to John by the spirit of God. We will not be adding new material as much as correlating what we already have." So, so what we're looking at tonight, it's a review from the Ephesian age all the way through the Leodysian age to to bring it all together. many of the things that we've discussed and and and really we all here know h how the church started and where it got its beginning. We we can see that right there in the book of Acts. We know that the church began on the day of Pentecost and we know how the early church operated there originally just by reading the book of Acts. We can see how God moved and what was expected and and we that's not a mystery. It's right there for all of us to read. And and so really what we're doing in this review is is focusing on how the false vine managed to worm its way in and how did the false vine get in and and eventually gain power and influence within the church and then and then around the the fifth age, how did God begin a restoration to bring the church back to what it was originally? Amen. So, so as we look at this, just a few things that you've seen many times and a map here of the seven churches of Asia Minor that represent the seven church ages and and we see them there. We we started in Ephesus and then it goes to Smyrna and Pergamon and Thyra and Sardis and Philadelphia and back to Leodysia and and and what we found out was these messages weren't just to just to churches but they were these churches represented ages. Amen. And brother Brandham says these seven churches churches located in Asia Minor contained certain characteristics within them. So in the present as they were there, there was certain things about those churches at that ancient date which became mature fruit in later ages. So so remember that we're not just learning about a place although it was a place but we're looking at an age and the characteristics. And early on brother Brandham told us he said the key to all this is the revelation that God never changes. We've put that in every single PowerPoint of every single study. And if you don't come away with nothing else, remember that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He says God never changes and that his ways are as unchangeable as he is. So the the word can't change or be changed because the word is God. If he ever did it, he does it still. The way he did it at the beginning, he does it tonight. what he did in the first he will have to keep on doing until it is done for the last time. And I can look at that tonight and say what a rest we can have in that as believers. What a rest tonight that we can have. What a foundation that you can have as a young person or as a Christian. That that our foundation isn't built on opinions. It isn't built on the shifting sands of of culture, but it's built upon the solid rock, the unchanging word of of of God. Amen. And and brother Brandham tells us that that that as we go into this study, he said, "Why is so much of it misunderstood?" He said, "So much of it is misunderstood about the book of Revelation?" Because for most of the ages, they didn't realize that when he said the word church, that he wasn't just speaking to the elect. that he wasn't just speaking to the bride as it were when he speaks about the church, but he's speaking to everything that claims to be the church. He and as we study, we learn that the church is made up of two different vines. So, there's two vines within the framework of the church. The false vine, which many times we'll refer to as tears, and then the true vine or the wheat. And and as you read the Bible and and and pay attention to it, you find constantly this terminology referencing the cycles of planting and growing and harvesting. And if you're aware that it's not really talking about farming, but it's talking about people and and when he goes forth and it says and he swed good seed that in the field, the field is the church ages. The field is all of history. And he put good seed there. And and if you recognize that terminology, that seed is people. &gt;&gt; And if you recognize that, it makes it so much easier as you're studying and reading your Bible. But but but when God speaks to the church, he is speaking to both. And he's calling both the church, the true and the false. And he tells us here, he says, "Both claim to know and be known of God. Both purport to speak for God. Both believe certain very basic truths and differ on others. But since, now this is very important. Listen to this. But since both bear the name of the Lord, being called Christians and by such name bearing a claim of relationship to him, and in the parenthesis he says God calls it marriage. God now holds them both responsible to him and therefore speaks to each. Now, both of these vines, they they're going to be there from the beginning all the way side by side until they both come to full maturity and then both are going to be harvested. But right here, I want to focus in just for one second. I want us to think just for a moment about the statement, he holds them both responsible to him. Now, why is it why is it that he holds them responsible? It's because they claim a relationship to him. And in so doing, to those that don't know better, they represent him. &gt;&gt; And he holds them responsible for the way they represent him. &gt;&gt; He holds them responsible. And I And so, what am I saying to you tonight? I want you to make sure that your life matches what you're claiming. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Make sure tonight that that your life levels up to what you say you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't don't claim the Holy Ghost and then not be willing to live according to the word. &gt;&gt; Don't there there's a responsibility that goes with your claims. And once we make a claim of well, I'm a Christian, then we bear the responsibility to be true to that relationship. &gt;&gt; Amen. True to that standard. and and and and and one thing we must never do is bring a smear upon the name of Christ. Once you're identified with something, then your actions reflect that thing to others. And so, bringing it down to our level, you're identified as a message believer. You're identified with Evening Light Tabernacle. So, others can take their opinion or their understanding of those things from the way you reflect it. You reflect evening like tabernacle when you're out and about. Larger than that, you reflect the message of the hour when you're out and about. &gt;&gt; You're reflecting Jesus Christ when you're out and about because of of who you are and what you claim to be. And God will hold you responsible for the relationship that you claim to him. Amen. And the false vine claims Christ and therefore he holds them accountable to him. So when it says church, he's including all of it. There's true in there and there's false in there, but they're all held accountable to the same word. So where did the false come from? What was its origin? Jesus teaches us a parable in Matthew 13. And it says, "And another parable he put forth unto them, saying, the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tears among the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. This is not just a parable of a farmer farmer. It's a parable of the church. It's a parable of of the church. And God started a good church. &gt;&gt; In other words, God sowed good seed. The church on the day of Pentecost was a good church. It produced good fruit, but the enemy came in and swed the false vine or the false seed in the good church and it began to grow in that soil and manifest and they're going to both be here until the end of the age. And both are very religious. Don't don't let that fool you. But both claim a relationship to God and and many times they can even look alike. But when it comes to seed time, when it comes to fruitbearing time, when they manifest in full maturity, God says, "Let them grow side by side. Let them grow right there. But when they come to full maturity, you'll be able to tell which ones are which. And the tears are going to be bundled for the burning." But the wheat, listen, don't sit there and selfidentify tonight as a tear. Don't let anything if anything said that makes you feel like that, just say, "Lord, maybe I got some repenting to do, but tonight I'm wheat by the grace of God." Because the wheat ain't gonna be burned. The wheat's going to be gathered into the barn and taken into the rapture. Amen. That's what happens when it comes to full maturity. The the tears are exposed for what they really are, and they're bound for the fire while the wheat is taken into the garner. And brother Brown tells us right here, he says, "The birth of the church was at Pentecost." And he tells us that she remained separate and undefiled for some time. How long this continued, we do not know. But one day, even as Eve was tempted and seduced by Satan, so the church was contaminated by the entrance of the Antichrist spirit. And we set the time there for that very first church age beginning around, brother Brandham said around 53 AD. And we're not going to go into the details about each man. But I do want to bring back up the messengers. And the very first messenger to the first age was the Apostle Paul. And and that age was Ephesus, the Ephesian age. And and it means aimed at and relaxed. Aimed at and relaxed. This this was the age of the upper room. Meaning it was the closest to that. It was the age of Paul, the age of Peter, the age of Stephen. great heroes of the faith, people that had been at the upper room, people that knew about it, that that was this age. But as time went on and the revival began to cool off a little bit, they relaxed and they began to drift. And Jesus said concerning his bride in that first age, this is a quote, "I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen and repent already in that first age the church was fallen. They were cooling off. Brother Brown says there was a cooling off of that complete love and abandonment to God. Think about yourself tonight. Think about where you're at in your relationship. Is it a complete abandonment to God? Is it your source of everything? Your source of life? your source of of of love that what you think about as you're awake, as you think about as you're going to sleep, does he consume you? Is it an abandonment? Because we don't have time for another cycle. &gt;&gt; There's been, you know, the cycle of revival and death, but we're in the final one, and someone's going to break that cycle. We don't have a time for for a cooling off period and and a drifting period. We we can't have it said of us as a church, but more specifically as individuals, we can't have it said of us. We have left our first love. That can't be the testimony of who we are. That that other things have replaced our zeal for the word. That other things have replaced our our zeal for communion with God and our zeal to please him and our zeal to know him. where our desire for entertainment overwhelms our desire for devotion. &gt;&gt; Now, listen, that's a that's a great danger in our day. And and if you know me, I say it all the time of, you know, we're not the the entertainment police. I can't be your Holy Ghost. I'm not coming around saying, "Well, how much did you do this today and how much did you do that and and what movie did?" Listen, my goal is if you just get people to fall in love with Jesus, those things will take care of themselves. If you get people to fall in love with Jesus and devote themselves to complete abandonment and those things will find their proper place. Some of those things will find their way out and then other things will find their place of importance within the hierarchy of your life. Amen. So, so when I say these things, it's a real danger because we live in a day of endless entertainment right at your fingertips. Endless entertainment. And once again, I'm going to say this as if I'm speaking to all Christians who are all living right. So I'm only speaking about the clean entertainment. Because if you got other things in your life, then we got a whole other conversation we got to have. &gt;&gt; So I'm just talking about things that are okay. We have so much to distract us, so much to take our time. It's so easy. It's it's fun. It pleases the flesh. It makes us laugh. But let me give you an analogy. It's like junk food. That Snickers and that bag of Doritos may not kill you today. &gt;&gt; But I promise you, if that's all you feed on, you are not healthy. &gt;&gt; That you're not healthy. It can't Look, I I love a good Snickers. I love entertainment, but you better find a place for them or you end up extremely unhealthy. When they take your blood and they run tests on it, things don't come back right. There's things out of place and there things out of order and the doctor says, "You better get this taken care of because your diet's been wrong." Well, you're saying it's time to go back and begin to feed more often on things with spiritual vitamins in it, with spiritual strength in it. begin to feed on things that are that are edifying you and and making you stronger. A a diet full of spiritual vitamins. Back to the Bible, back to prayer, back into the message. Listen, it it I dare ask for a raising of hands, but I just happen I just know there's many of our young people that have never sat down and listened to a message or read a message book or even sat there and listened to to the prophet there as as he begins to discern in the congregation or discern in prayer lines and we tell them, you know, you you can trust this man. He was vindicated. He was vindicated. and they're just trusting us cuz they hadn't ever fed on it for themselves. I'm just trying to encourage you. Get your diet in balance. Begin to to feed on things that have eternal value. And and I think I can I'm making myself quite clear. I'm not saying no entertainment. We're not we're not entertainment Nazis here. I'm saying find the right diet of balance that's that that's going to help you make it there. That's what we're trying to focus on tonight. Get back into those things and so that he doesn't look at us and say, "I have somewhat against thee. I did so much. I gave so much." But you never had time for a few minutes in the Bible, a few minutes of of of prayer. You know, and I say this all the time, and I only say it because I'm transparent and and I'm honest with y'all. Maybe too transparent. There's many, many, many times I look at my screen report and go, "What? How many? I wish I could say minutes. How many hours?" But I was too busy for a tape because that's the trap of the world to make you feel so busy, to make you feel I don't have time. Well, you don't because we're giving it all away. You know, it's like you go around and you give all your money away and then say, "I don't have no money." You don't. You gave it away. We're giving our time away to to frivolous things and then we don't have time for the things that matter. And I don't want to hear I have somewhat against thee because you left your first love. Let's make sure. Let's just say tonight, Lord, let me fall in love with you all over again. Lord, light that fire in me all over again, just where I can put things in their proper order, where I can put things where they where they're supposed to be. The enemy began to come in and seow false seeds and false ideas. And and he began by what's known and brother Bram talks about as the deeds of the nickelans. And in this, the church began to turn away from the pure word and their dependence on him and began to rely on the wisdom and the leadership of man. The fire died and and formalism came in and the moving of the spirit became an irregular thing. Man began to rule as a as an ungodly priesthood was instituted. Brother says, "See how it started out in the early church. It was called deeds. Then it became a doctrine. It became the standard. In other words, this is what we do. This is how we operate." It became the unbending way. It finally took over and God was pushed aside. What was just the actions of a few began to take hold and people began to surrender their rights. Listen, you have rights in the Holy Spirit. You have rights to have your own relationship with God. Don't take that for granted. It's not just for for the for the ministers to to to commune with God. That that's one of the things that was torn away by the message of the hour was that nickelatanism to where all the spiritualism's in the pull pit and you just got to sit there and hope you can learn something. But you have the right to operate in the realms of the supernatural. You have the right to to dig deep into the things of God. You have those rights and you got to be willing to say, "I'm not going to let those be taken from me by anybody or any spirit or any teaching." Amen. God's leadership was pushed to pushed aside and man's leadership was fully instituted. The the the leoty began to surrender their rights. Now, now notice when I talk about the leadership of man, I'm not talking about God called men leading by the spirit. That's not what he was talking about. He was talking about grievous wolves that would come in and take all the authority on themselves, all the gifts upon themselves. If anybody has a gift, it's here. If there's any authority in this place, it's here. And you're just the ley. Just sit there and soak in what you can. They take it all upon themselves and they draw men away from the Holy Spirit and to themselves. And with that, the false vine began to squeeze the life out of the church. And brother Brown says, "The true vine hated the formal deeds of the nickelans, and so did God. But by the end of the first age, the nicicoatans were flourishing and and spreading their influence. Brother Brown says it started so small, so quietly, so inoffensively. It looked so good. Then it caught hold and like a python it squeezed out the very breath and it killed all the spirituality there was in the church. He says, "What was planted in the first age will develop in the second age and in all other ages and until it comes to maturity and harvest." So listen, that spirit that would try to rob life out of the church and make it a morg is not dead. It matures and it goes on and on. And don't get it twisted and think, "Oh, well that's just those churches out there." He don't got to squeeze the life out of them. If he's attacking anywhere, if that spirit is anywhere, where is it attacking? Where the life is. But if that spirit and that seed that was planted isn't gone, then neither is the true seed. And neither is the Holy Spirit that brings life and brings freedom and brings deliverance. It is still here as well. Amen. That evil spirit's always trying to find a way back to once again squeeze the life out of the church. So, as we go into the second age, God raises another messenger. He said, "Using our God-given rule of choosing the messenger for each age, we unhesitatingly declare that Ireneius was exalted by the Lord to that position." And God begins to use Irene to battle the nic nickel false vine and the and the former cold spirit that was taking over the church. And the prophet says, "His churches in France were known to have gifts of the spirit among them. For the saints spoke in tongues, prophesied, raised the dead, and healed the sick by the prayer of faith." And we begin to learn by the spirit of prophecy as we read through that that this false vine is the vine of Satan. Revelation 2:9 tells us, "I know thy works and tribulations and poverty, but thou art rich, and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan." In other words, they're claiming something. They're claiming a relationship with God, but in reality, they are of the devil. They meet in the name of God. They preach and they baptize, yet they are not of God. They are like Balum. God speaks to them, but they refuse to do his will. They're like Balum. Brother Brandham says, speaking about Balum, so God let him go. The perfect will of God gave way to the permissive will of God because of the heart desire of Balum. God actually said, "Go ahead." Did God change his mind? No, sir. God had his way regardless of Balum going. And listen young people, that's what we have to deal with tonight is that heart's desire. Not I'm doing this because the preacher says or I'm doing this. Well, really, I'd rather be doing that. I'd really rather be. Listen, when you come to church and you worship with your whole heart, maybe even gifts are manifested and and and and and you're praising God and maybe even anointed to do so, but then refuse to line up to the word. refuse to do God's perfect will and go about life however we want to and have the attitude of it ain't that big a deal but then come back in anointed and worship and praise and go back out and live any way you want to not according to the will of God but according to your will you're walking in the footsteps of Balum that was the attitude of Balum and brother Bram says as he knew that Balam wanted his own heart above the word and he gave it to him yet all the while in the end having his own way. Even so today, God tells folks, "Go ahead in your own heart's desires, for they have already rejected the word, but the will of God will be done regardless." Amen. And so, I just want to open up tonight to to the Lord and say, "Lord, not my will, not what I want, but let my heart desire to be the will of God. Lord, if I don't understand it, if it doesn't benefit me in a way that I can see, no matter how it works out, no matter how it shakes out, no matter where it puts me on the totem pole, if it's your will, that is my heart's desire, not but God, I want this so bad. I want this so bad. And even after he says no, you still continue. But I want this. He'll let you have it. &gt;&gt; But you're out of the will of God, and it never works out for you. Brother Brandham said Balum, even though he got riches, even though he got, he said, Balum was the loser. And if you want to be a winner, there's only one way to be a winner tonight. That is to walk in the will of God. Walk in the path of God for your life. But but but brother Aaron, I I want what's best for me. Then walk in the will of God. That is always what's best for you. I want my heart's desire to be, Lord, to do your will. It was Balum, he says, who was the loser, for he bypassed the word. From there, we come into the third age around the year 312, the Pergamian age. Brother Brandham says, "Using our God-given rule for choosing the messenger to each age. That is, we choose the one whose ministry most closely approximate that of the first messenger, Paul, we unhesitatingly declare the Pergamian messenger to be Martin. During this age, during this age, God deals with two doctrines that he hates. It's the doctrine of Balum that caused Israel to fall into idolatry and the doctrine of the nicicoatans, which we've been dealing with both of these, which had only been deeds in the Ephesian age. But now in Revelation 2:14, speaking directly to this age, he says, "But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast them that hold the doctrine of Balum, who taught Bailac to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication. So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the nickel." And so we see now it's no longer just deeds, but it is grown and is manifested in doctrines. He says which thing I hate. The prophet tells us the separation of the clergy from the ley grew. In other words, the the the clergy got lifted up more and more powerful and the leoty got less and less. They were more the gap between them grew more and more. And he says it grew from the biblical truth of of elders ruling the flock by the word to the deeds of the nicicoatans wherein the clergy set themselves in ranks one over the other which unscriptural formula then evolved into a priesthood that placed the clergy between man and God giving the clergy certain rights all the while denying the ley their god-given rights. This was usurpation in this age. It became a doctrine. So the doctrine of the nickelans and the doctrine of balum. The doctrine of balum balumism is a two-part thing. First of all, it seems so simple, seems so good. The first part of balenimism is let's just talk things over. Let's just all come together. Let's just talk about our differences. Let's get this all ironed out. We're not that different. It was first of all to suggest that they all get together and eat together and get things ironed out and second part from there it leads into well now we can worship together. The people were introduced to idol worship and and and spiritism for for statues with the names of saints were placed in the buildings and the people were taught to commune with the dead. And as the scripture told us, it was Balam who gave this advice to Bailac to trap and destroy Israel by united meeting, bringing them down together just to have a meeting. And it was this age that Constantine the emperor called the Nyine Council in 3:25 where Christians both false and true came together to talk things over and figure things out to be better united. But brother Brandham says the true Christians should have never gone to that meeting. They came away stripped and bound with less truth than ever before. And now they were under the control of the political power of Rome. He says for the food that man truly needs, even the word of God, they were given creeds and dogmas and rituals which were also enforced by the state. And above all, they were given three gods with a triple compound name of the one true God. And water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ gave way to the pagan baptism of three titles. The real believers ought not to have gone there. They had already lost much truth and now they too would lose the understanding of the godhead and forfeit names for titles in water baptism. He goes on to say, "The Nicicolayan doctrine was the corruption of the clergy as they sought political power amongst themselves. While balamism is the subjection of the people to their system of creed and worship in order to hold them." Notice over and over again, what is it? To take away your rights, to take away your freedom, to hold you, to bind you. Anything that doesn't give you freedom isn't of God. where where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty, there is freedom. You have the right to serve God in freedom. You have the right to have relationship. You have a right to experience the power and the moving of God. And these things were being stripped away by these doctrines. The people lost their freedom that they were snared by political powers as it took over the church. And with that power, they force-fed the people their creeds and dogmas. There was no leadership of God. They only received what the false vine wanted them receive in order to keep them bound. False gods, idol worship, false doctrines. Brother Brandham says, "And that very same spirit and doctrine is right amongst the Protestants, and it's called denominations." Listen, I know most of you were were raised up in a message church. Most of us here never knew the change and the bondage of a denomination or of the creeds and the dogmas and only be given a little bit of truth and trying to survive in a little bit of truth. Listen, we ought to be thanking God tonight and rejoicing that God sent a prophet that said, "Come out of her, my people." to where you have an unending supply of spiritual food. You you have every opportunity laid at your feet tonight. You have you have spiritual food in due season. Your eyes have been open. You know the truth of these things. And yet many of God's people are still trapped in denominations to this day. Bound by these creeds and these dogmas and these lies that have stripped them of their freedom. I'm glad today for truth. I'm glad today for freedom in the Holy Ghost. This brings us to the fourth age, Thitara, the longest of all the ages. And the messenger to this age was St. Columba. And listen, as we as we go through this tonight, even though most of our of our focus is on the false vine and what they were doing during this time, make no mistake about it, there was still a true vine. And they were still fighting the good fight. And they were anointed for what lay ahead of them. And they were anointed to overcome in their age. And they stood strong even unto death. Especially in this age where where thousands millions were put to death to death. They were anointed by that ox anointed. But now the false church was more powerful than ever because the false church and the state had come in union. They had come together. And now with men leading the church and and the leadership of of God and the sovereignty of the local body had been stripped away. And they were all under one banner. And the stage was set for the dark ages and for the next thousand years the church would know the very depths of Satan. He says when any religious people embrace both nickelaninism and balamism and have the political, financial and physical power to back it up, there is only one direction they can go and that direction is right into the Jezebel doctrine. And why is that? Because there was now a hierarchy set up where only the priests heard from God and they were backed by political force of the governments. Then it was easy to spread their false teachings because we're the only ones that can hear from God. You have to trust us. Oh, and not only that, but we have this political force to make you worship this way, to make you believe this way, or else you'll be put to death. It's exactly what Jezebel had done by combining the religious and political power. They could force their religion on people. And so in this age, the pope is put in place of Jesus. Idol worship is forced and millions of Christians are put to death. And here's how it works. If the political power wanted something taught, then the religious force taught it. If the religious force wanted to get rid of some godly man who wouldn't bow down, then the political force would come in and have him put to death. So they worked together to force this religion. and and Rome was drunk with power and drunk on the blood of the martyrs. He says, "But the true vine struggled and survived. God was faithful to the little flock and in spite of what Rome might do to their bodies, Rome could not kill the spirit within them and the light of the truth shone on backed by the Holy Ghost and power." Young people, let's let that sink in for just a minute and read that again. Rome could not kill the spirit within them. Tonight, if you've been born by the spirit of God, I don't care how hard it gets, how bad the trial is, what the devil threatens to do to you, he can't get to that spirit on the inside of you. He can't get to that seed gene of God. What am I telling you? You're going to make it. You're going to be there. You're not going to fail. You're not going to quit. You're not going to lay down and give up. You don't know how close I am to giving up. That's okay. That just means soon and very soon you're going to turn and start going the other way because you're not going to quit. You're not going to fail. They can't kill the spirit on the inside of you. Hey man, you are going to be there. You are going to overcome. If Rome couldn't stomp it out then, no evil spirit's going to stomp it out today. That's one thing we see in the age. It got dark. It got down to where there was only a few remaining. But God backed them up. I say, God, back us up again in this day. You've always done it. You said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." No matter how bad it got, you can still see him walking in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks. He said, "I'll never leave you or forsake you." I'm telling you, it may be leadya. It may be dark, but he's still here in the midst of the church moving and walking and backing us up with the Holy Ghost in power. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Then from there we come to the fifth age, the age of reformation, the sardanian age. And we know that that messenger was Martin Luther. Brother B says, "But then God in his sovereign grace sent a messenger by the name of Martin Luther to start a reformation. And for the first time in hundreds of years, the true vine began to grow as men began to protest the vileeness of the Catholic Church. And and Luther comes on the scene. And and and he's not he's not a prophet. He's a reformer. And so, Brother Brham makes it clear because of that, he was not like he was not a man like Apostle Paul who could take the church back all the way to the original or to the fullness. But he could come in and begin to point out the evils being done and and and and begin to show glimmers of truth. He wasn't able to lead the church back to the whole truth, but it was the beginning of the return. He might not could take them all the way back to Pentecost, but he could get the true vine turned and pointed and marching back in the right direction. The the the the wheat plant sent up a chute of truth. the seed of wheat. It had died and had gone down into the ground and it had it had rotted through the dark ages, but now it was beginning to come up. And it was a signal. That chute was a signal. It may not be the harvest. It may not be the whole wheat plant. But what it was was a signal that at some future date at the end of the leodysian age right before the coming of the Lord. There is going to be once again a wheat plant that reaches maturity that matches the original that was planted there at the beginning that sprouted forth on the day of Pentecost. This was a signal that life's coming back. It had been dark and an evil time but truth was beginning to sprout up. And it was during this age that the word was spread far and wide by the invention of the printing press. And the six age comes along and it takes great advantage of this. And and the messenger of this age was John Wesley, the Philadelphiaian age. And the great John Wesley was the messenger. And it was the second stage of restoration. Education abounded and missionaries spread the word all over the world. It was the age of the open door and it was the age of brotherly love and the true vine flourished. And yet just as the false vine had not been able to stomp out the true. Even though the true vine has now is flourishing and growing and the false vine has receded, the true vine wasn't able to stomp out the false because there was something that both ages failed to do. It allows that false vine to survive. And Luther comes with justification and Wesley comes with sanctification. But brother Brandham says, "But how sad does this age make us feel as we realize that every great move of God and there were many neglected to throw off the nickelan doctrine for they all organized and died." Great things were done in these two ages. The restoration was underway. Make no doubt about it. But they were tainted with the same error of hierarchy, the same air of nickelism. And and after the revival had died down a bit, they went right back into organization. Young people, brother Tim said recently, we we don't we don't know how much longer. We we have to humbly admit we don't know how long we'll be here. You may be here after I'm gone there. I mean, I hate to say things like this, but it be realistic. There may may be a whole different set of preachers stand in this pull pit. I don't know what doctrines are going to come around and what what's going to happen. But whatever happens, don't you ever settle for nickelanism again. No matter what gets taught, I've said it already. This message threw that off. We don't got to have some headman. We don't got to have some some some headquarters. that this message restored the sovereignty of the local church. You have rights in the Holy Spirit. It restored your right to hear from heaven. It said, "Come out of her, my people. Come away from the leadership of man." We have no place for nickelism in our ranks. We don't got to have a man ruling over us or this pastor ruling over this pastor. We are led by the Holy Spirit. It's that simple. We don't ever want to go back into those things where men control everything and men tells you how to do it and man tells you what to believe. You dig for yourself. You pray yourself. You get in the Bible yourself. You study the message yourself and then gather together and be fed by the anointed man preaching the word of God. Hallelujah. Then we arrive at our age, the Leodysian age, the bride age, harvest time. Brother Brham says the Lutheran age was the springtime. The Wesleyan age was the summer of growth. The Leodysian age is the harvest time of gathering the tears for burning for binding and burning and gathering the wheat for the Lord. The messenger to this age is William Brham. Vindicated time after time after time over and over and over and over and over again. We make can see some things different and maybe disagree here and there. This is not debatable. The messenger of our age. And speaking of our age, he says there must come upon the scene in this age. This age, those who will bring the wheat and tears to maturity. The tears are already maturing very fast under corrupt teachers who turn the people from the word. But the wheat also must mature. And to her, God is sending the prophet messenger with the vindicated mystery that he might be accepted by the elect. They will hear him as the first church heard Paul and she will mature in the word until becoming a word bride. This is where we are. This is what's been going on. What do you think's been happening all these years? The message was accepted by the elect. That's why we're here. That's why and I don't even want to uh downgrade this by calling it a movement but just for the sake that's why the movement of the message even exists is because the elect heard and responded and accepted. &gt;&gt; They accepted the message and and now we have reached the time for the harvest. I have no idea why that's blank. So I'll read what's supposed to be there. says, "This age started just after the turn of the 20th century as it was to be the age, now listen close, this was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost. We know that there must of necessity be a return of dynamic power. This is the age that the church returns to being the bride she was at Pentecost." And we know of necessity that there must be a return of dynamic power. This is that age. This is the time. We we can't say this enough. Well, brother, why are you always pointing to Pentecost? Why do we always point to the book of Acts? Why do you always talk about the dynamics? Because the prophet did. &gt;&gt; Because the prophet said, "This is the age that we return to being the bride that they were at Pentecost. This is the age that it's necessity that there's a return of dynamic power. If it's necessity, we can't preach it enough. It's necessary. We must have it. He said it was of necessity. It must happen. Now, now he tells us, now this is where some people get a little confused. And he tells us that many thought that the Isuza movement and the restoration of gifts was the long awaited restoration. And he goes into Joel 2 and he shows that it could not have been. I'm going to do this briefly and so hopefully you get it. Joel teaches about the former and the latter reign. He says, "Be glad then ye children of Zion. Rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month. And the floor shall be full of wheat. So we see a harvest, and the vat shall overflow with wine and oil, and I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, and the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, and the Palmerworm, my great army, which I sent among you. Now look, the former rain is the teaching rain or the spring rain. The latter rain is the harvest rain. So former teaching reign, latter rain is the harvest rain. And speaking of the Isuza movement, he says this could not be the full awaited restoration because the former reign or the teaching reign had not even come yet. So the teaching rain hasn't even come yet. So how could there have been a restoration to a harvest? He says it like this. He says, "How could this be the real thing when the teaching reign had not come? The prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach the people and turn the heart to the children back to the Pentecostal fathers had not come." And then to prove that Isuza was not the long awaited restoration, they did exactly what Luther did and what Wesley did. Before even two generations had passed, they organized and went straight back into denomination again. But that's not us. We have not come to go back to Isuza. We have not come to go back into a denomination. That's Isuza is not the Pentecost that I'm telling you to return to. I don't believe that any message preacher is trying to tell you to return back to Isuza Pentecost for the teaching rain has come and the harvest reigns have fallen. Rapture and faith is here and it's time for the combines. It's the time of the harvest. And if they weren't it, then why do we want to go back to that? &gt;&gt; That's not what we're trying to go back to. We've been made ready by the word and the truth of the messenger of this age. We're not going back to denomination. Hear me. We will not go back to denomination. And we are not going to be hindered by scarecrows that point to the error of Isuza. We know they weren't the truth. We know that they that they weren't the restoration. But we do know that God once again restored the gifts that it was a move. that it was it was the the the stalk as life was coming through it. &gt;&gt; We don't have to demonize that move to recognize that wasn't it. &gt;&gt; That's not what we're going back to. But we've been turned back to the original under the message of the hour. The original what? Pentecost. If you hear us say Pentecost, we're talking about the original Pentecost. Brother Brandham says in her, that's you, will be the fullness of Pentecost. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. That is thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Listen, once again, not debatable. &gt;&gt; Well, I think we're supposed to go back here further to to this and and I believe in No, no, no, no. Thus sayeth the Lord, he's taking the bride back to Pentecost. This is not the resurrection of the church. It is the restoration. God will take the church right back to Pentecost of the beginning. He makes it clear. He makes it very clear. We are to return to being the bride that she was at Pentecost. Then I tell you tonight, young people, don't settle for anything less. Don't settle for going back to a Baptist theology and don't don't go back to to just accept it. No matter how much they try to calm you down and make it all intellectual. Listen, they didn't receive and something intellectual on the day of Pentecost. They didn't just say, "We accept it and and walk down the stairs." They didn't come out quietly and in perfect order at Pentecost. But that's what the nickelans wanted. &gt;&gt; That's what they wanted to do was reign and just accept it. Just calm down. Just hide the gifts. Nope. That was the fall of the first age. That was the the coring them down and putting them in a pin is what caused the first age to fall. But we're actually going back before the fall of the first age. And we're going back to the beginning, which was the birth of the church at the day of Pentecost, to the original before the false vine entered in. Don't get it wrong. We're not going back to the Ephesian age. &gt;&gt; The upper room was before the Ephesian age ever started. They walked, brother Brandham said, unadulterated and free and clear for years. How long, we don't know. But there was a time period there where the original operated as the original before the age ever began. Before the false ever came in, that's what we're going back to. The original when the church operated free in the spirit, separate and undefiled. He says, "Thus what the church was at Pentecost is the standard." Brother, you've read that a lot. I love it. Because there's no gray area. &gt;&gt; There's no debate in it. There's no argument. That is the pattern. There is no other pattern. No matter what the scholars say, I don't care if they're Baptist, Methodist, Pentecostal, or message scholars. Scholars, scholars, scholars. No matter what scholars say, God has not changed that pattern. What God did at Pentecost, he has to keep on doing until the church age is closed. Let me tell you again and reinforce what we've been hearing. The church age has not closed. &gt;&gt; We're still in the seventh age. We are still under the seventh messenger. And you still have a right to the original new birth even tonight in this place. Hallelujah. You have a right to the power of the spirit manifested. You have a right to the gifts. Oh, brother Aaron, I don't know about that. You do have a right to it. Prophet of God says, "What the church had at Pentecost is in her is her inaliable right originally." Now, these are what your rights. She had the pure word of God. You have it. She had the power of the spirit manifested in diverse signs and wonders and gifts of the Holy Ghost. Listen, we live in the age of people's rights. When everybody's running around clamoring for this and my right this and claiming all kind of nonsense, well, since it's the age of people's rights, I think it's time that you as a people raise up and desend to begin to fight for your rights. These are your rights. You have the right to the movement of the spirit. You have the right for the gifts to be in operation. You have the right to the new birth. Don't let anybody take it from you, lie to you, pin you up, and say this is how it's got to be. You have a right. And it's the age of people's rights and we're living in it. So you might as well fight for your rights that God gave you. &gt;&gt; Not some demon thing. I have this right, this right. I'm telling you the rights that God said, these are yours. Let no man take that away from you. Hallelujah. Many are growing cold. Many are laying down their rights and once again slipping back towards nickelanism. formalism, cold, dead, stripped of everything but their head knowledge. They can quote you and debate and put everything just right. And none of this, not bad people, not lost people, not saying none of that, saying they've allowed something to come in and begin to squeeze life. Don't let that happen to you. I'm not even talking about Evening Light Tabernacle as a whole. You know what makes up Evening Light Tabernacle as a whole? Individuals. Do you know how that happens as a whole? When individuals let that happen. You know what causes a revival in a church as a whole? When individuals have a revival. It always comes back down to the individual. Don't lay down your rights. Don't accept formalism. Don't accept cold. If people are sitting around you in a church service dead and and formal and and and cold, that don't mean you have to. &gt;&gt; I mean, how many times, and I've been guilty of this. How many times have have you heard it said, "Man, it just it just seemed off in there today or it seemed dead or it seemed like something was hindering." Okay. Well, if you recognize it, why didn't you fight it? &gt;&gt; If you recognize it, why weren't you willing to peck against the egg and stand up and say, "Glory We've all we've all heard it told how how the Welsh revival began with one precious sister standing up saying, "I love you, Lord Jesus, with all of my heart." If that can start a revival that swept for for years and and what can it do for a church service? &gt;&gt; What can it do for one moment when maybe there's one person sitting there bound that needs a deliverance, that needs a moment, that needs a breakthrough? But it's one of those services that seems cold. It's one of those services that seems like something's hindering. But what if that one person was willing to say, "I'm not going to stand for this, but I'm going to fight for our rights. I'm going to enter in. I'm going to create an atmosphere. I'm going to watch it spread. And then I'm going to see somebody have the courage to break through into the Holy Ghost." We don't have to sit back and accept cold and formal and dead. Hallelujah. He says, "But thank God, in the last age, there will be a group rise up." He's talking about me, &gt;&gt; the true bride of the last day, and she will listen to the spirit. In that day of gross darkness, the light will return by the pure word, and we will return to the power of Pentecost to welcome back the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm going to put it like this. There's an equation here. Without the power of Pentecost, we're not going to be able to welcome back the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; 2 plus 2 equals 4. If you take one of those twos out, it no longer equals. You want the end result? We've got to return to the power of Pentecost because he's not coming back for a cold church, a formal church, a leadyan church. He's coming back for bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh and power of his power and works of his works. And he sees it and he says, "Yep, she's ready." just like the one that I started 2,000 years ago. So now I can return to receive her. This is the age of apostasy. He says, "This is the age of the restoration. It's the age of the finished cycle. With this, it's all over." So we conclude the seven church ages, saying only what the spirit said to each age. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. And I love what he says on this last slide I'm going to put up because it's so true. If you get into the message yourself, you'll find this to be true. You'll never find Brother Brandham telling people, "Come to my church." You'll never find him telling people, "You got to come and be part of my group." He wasn't interested in building a kingdom. He was interested in people having a relationship with Jesus Christ. He said, "Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, join my church, start some fellowship and organization. I've never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see establish a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with his spirit and live according to his word. Young people, that's our desire here. The ministry here, the the the parents, uh, everybody that works to make this church happen. Say this in a way to you don't think I'm okay if if you leave. I never want to see any of y'all leave. But what I want is the will of God in your life. We're not interested in how many people are on our roles. We don't have roles, but you know what I mean. We're not interested in how big our Sunday crowd is. I'm not interested in in you seeing things my way. Brother Tim's not interested in Brother Joe. They're not interested in in you seeing things exactly the way they see things. We're interested in you knowing him. We're interested in in you growing in him and and deepening your relationship in him. And because the truths have been restored in this day, you have the opportunity to know him like most of those down through the ages never had. A great opportunity. service after service, day after day, really because you got the prophet's message. You've got access, and once again, I'm not promote. I'm just saying you got access to sermons from ministry all over the world. You've got access to one of the greatest ministries on the face of the earth today. You've got access to the prophets ministry, the one that that that that we're here because of. You have access that other ages never had. Many of the ages we spoke of tonight didn't have a Bible in their language. And yet they stood and they scratched and they clawed and they fought for any little morsel they could get. Don't stand there next to a storehouse full of food, full of fresh spiritual vitamins, food in due season, food that'll take you to a rapture and fill up on junk food every day. Don't neglect to feed on this message. Don't don't don't neglect to have communion with God. And I don't mean to oversimplify it. You got to start somewhere. Give him 15 minutes in the morning. Give him 15 minutes a night. Brother Aaron, that's I'm just just start somewhere. Start building that relationship. It may not be a building. It may be a block. But we heard Wednesday, it's a sure foundation. You start spending a little bit more time with him. Watch your life begin to line up a little better. Watch things start to become a little bit clearer. Watch it become easier to get along with brothers and sisters. I'm just saying. You're putting good things in you. Good things come out. You live in the greatest age it's ever been. But brother, I thought it was the most wicked. Yeah, but it's the greatest because we stand in a time where the seals have been ripped off. All the mysteries are revealed. The truth of the new birth is revealed. You have access to everything. And you're on the verge of the coming of the Lord. Don't waste that opportunity. Because of what's been restored, you can be born again just like those in the upper room. Matter of fact, you must be. And that's our goal. That's what we preach here, brother. What's y'all's focus? The new birth. But but what if I don't understand the new birth? That's the focus because that is the token. And you got to have the token to get on the train. Brother Brandon would tell you red lights are flashing. Throw down your worldly bag of peanuts. Get ready to get on board. It's harvest time. We've been hearing it. It's harvest time. All things are being made ready. Are you ready? You bow your heads with me. I know a lot of this was just review. A lot of it was just very factual, historical. You know, it's incredible to be able to look at the anointed word, the revealed word of the day, and and look at history that's already passed and have the reality of that history revealed to you. That it was more than just history and facts and governments, but it was a true vine and a false vine and there was a war going on. And what did it all lead to, brother? And how'd it turn out? It led to right here. And it turns out with a harvest, it turns out that the false vine is going to be bound and burned. The tears, but the wheat, they're about to go on a rapture. That's where we're standing. And I have such great admiration and respect for every single one of you because what I recognize as even the most struggling young person in in our ranks is still such a wonderful soul that God has put here that's fighting the battle. Maybe you fell in time after time and that anchor just hadn't got there. But I see the fight. I see the struggle. I don't see a bunch of quitters. You wouldn't be here. It's a Friday night, man. You know how much entertainment things you could be in right now? But where are you at? What brought you? What drew you? Why can you feed? Why can you come and give up a Friday for this? Because there's something on the inside of you. What did it say? He said Rome could kill them. Rome could burn them. road could do all those things, but it couldn't get to that spirit on the inside of them. Leotia can make it evil. They can be perverted. They can put entertainment around you. They can push all kind of stuff down your throat, but they can't get to that sea gene of God. And that's why you're here. I want you to know you're appreciated. I want you to know that you're loved, that you're cared for. And please don't think you have to fight this battle alone. You got an incredible pastor. He He's recently offered he's going to do questions and answers and take advantage of that. Take advantage of that. You got Brother Joe and Brother Timothy and myself and well, I don't I don't want to bother y'all. Y'all are busy. That's what we're here for. I'm never too busy for you. That's a promise. I want you to hear me. I'm never too busy for you. We will lay down what we're doing to to talk with you, to pray with you. Don't think you got to fight this all by yourself. And I know, look, God, the most important one, he said, "I'll never leave you and forsake you." But I want you to know that you got brothers, you got sisters here that are willing to stand by your side and fight for you. Quit thinking you're in this alone. Quit thinking you're not going to make it. I'm here to tell you, you are going to make it. You're not going to be bound and burned, but you're going to be taken into the garner. You're going to be taken in the rapture where there's eternal life. Who you talking to, brother Aaron? If you're under the sound of my voice, I'm talking to you. He that hath an ear, let him hear. And I'm just offering right now if if if there's anything in your life and and you just want to come to the altar tonight and make it right. Just lay it down. You say, "I got some things I want to lay down. I got some things I want to line up. I want to make some things I want to make sure of." Hey, this is the make sure get ready, lay down time. If you know right now that if Jesus comes in the morning, I'm going, then praise God, I rejoice with you. But if there's anything that you'd like to come as we sing this song and just lay it at this altar and say, "Lord, as we we wrap up th this series of meetings, as we as we conclude this, Lord, I see that we're right at the end of time, and I see that we're at the harvest time. See, we're at the rapture, Lord. There's just some loose ends I want to tie up. There's just some things I want to I want to lay down and put in your hands. If that's you tonight, as we sing this song and and worship, I'd be glad to pray with you. God bless you. You've been an incredible audience. You're an incredible group of young people. We love you so very much. As we sing this, just feel free to do as you feel led tonight. [Music] Want to be ready. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; We going to be ready to go. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's my heart's desire tonight. &gt;&gt; I want to be ready. &gt;&gt; I want to see you ready. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, he's going to call one day soon. be ready to &gt;&gt; and there's somebody going &gt;&gt; I believe it's every one of you. &gt;&gt; But don't be caught unawares. &gt;&gt; Just tie up those loose ends. &gt;&gt; Just lay down some things. &gt;&gt; Like I said, we don't want to strip fun away from you and entertainment away for that. That's fine. &gt;&gt; But say, "God, help me get those things in their place. Help me put those things where they're supposed to be. Where I can elevate you in my life so I can sing. Lord, I'm ready to go. That's my heart's cry tonight. Oh, I &gt;&gt; I just want to be &gt;&gt; I just want to be ready. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I want to be ready to go. Oh, I I'm going to be ready. Oh yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I'm going to be ready to go. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, that you're calling your drawing, Lord, in this last day, Lord, that you sent a message, Lord, to pull back the scales off our eyes and let us recognize we're standing right there. It's going home time. It's leaving time. It's rapture time. And I'm going to be ready. How How can you say that? Because a message has turned my heart. It's turned my heart and it said, "I'm not going to leave you, but I'm returning you to the power of Pentecost. I'm returning you to a place where you can have overcoming life, victorious life, where you can rise above, lay out a sea, and victory tonight. And because of that, because of the new birth, I'm going to be ready to go. Lord, &gt;&gt; I'm laying it all down tonight. I'm giving everything to you. &gt;&gt; Going to be ready. Going to be ready to go. I'm going to be ready. [Music] Going to be ready to go. I'm going to be ready. Yes, I'm [Music] going to be ready to go. And lately all I've got is leave on my mind. Oh, it seems as all I've been thinking about so much of the time and very soon I'll leave my trles fall behind. Just leave me out. I've got even my lately all I've got is sleeping on my mind. Oh. Oh. It seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, so much of the time and very soon I'll give my troubles. Oh, I'll be laying down. I've got live on my mind and lately on I've got to sleep. [Music] Oh yes, on my mind. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, so much of the time that see I leave the trles far behind. Oh, leave me out. I leave with you. Leave it alone. I've seen that second prayer. &gt;&gt; So I guess I should be looking for a better place to live. But I just can't seem to get excited about this world and all it has to me. Oh, I could care less if I could buy it all with a solitary night. for one good this world to me. Oh, with the rapture on my mind. And lately all I've got is on my mind. Oh yes. It seems that's all I'm thinking about. So much so much time. [Music] &gt;&gt; And very soon I'll leave &gt;&gt; I'll leave &gt;&gt; my trles fall behind. I've got Lord my pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall fresh on me. Feel like again. &gt;&gt; Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pour aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Applause] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. For your spirit, Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my drying, broken places, thirsty for. for your love. Lord, forgive me if I wonder far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me. Oh, yes, Lord. Just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come at the fresh. Feel my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Oh, pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, just like the rain. Such a rainbow. Come and fall aresh on me. Yes Jesus, heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit one more time and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Such a rain. Come and fall fresh on me. Fill up again. Make me whole. I need you now. for your spirit. And let's sing that again. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. Let's stand together. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way. Yes, Lord. I made my choice. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made my choice. I'm going all the way. Yes, I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. I know I've drawn the line. I'm drawn the line. I'm going all the way. Oh, I've drawn the line. Yes, I'm going all the way. Oh, I draw the line. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, I know it all the way. There's no turning back. I'm going all the way. There's no turning back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. One more time. All the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. Oh, I'm going. All the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Go all the way. Fly. Amen. And have you made that decision going all the way with our Lord? Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Just want to remind you that uh pizza and things to eat over at the Burns. All are welcome to come. If you don't know how to get there, maybe just find somebody to follow. Amen. We want to thank brother Aaron for giving unto the Lord and taking time and doing these church age studies. I know they've been really wonderful. Been a real blessing. How many can say that tonight? been a blessing to me. And just make sure you tell him thank you for that. And God bless you tonight. Let's just go singing this. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
