################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - Faith in the Seal - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 9, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   Faith in the Seal - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 9, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiVAw1tZqsg
========================================

[Music] For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the [Music] glory on earth. Have you come to worship tonight? For we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship. up as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There's no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. Yes, Lord. Lord, we just want to set an atmosphere of believing tonight, Lord. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Yeah. Amen. God bless you this evening. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. You're my refuge. You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. I want to see you. Want to see you. See you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your [Music] glory. Pour out your power and love and we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. So open. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Oh, open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see you. I want to see. I want to see you. To see you. I am lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. I want to see you. I want to see you. To see you. I am lifted [Music] up, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. We [Music] sing. We sing. Holy, I want to see [Music] you. Hallelujah. Let's stand together this evening. In moments like these, in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out the song to [Music] Jesus. I lift up. Oh, we want to worship you tonight, Lord. I lift up my hands to the Lord singing I love you Lord. I love you Lord. singing I love you. [Music] Oh, why don't you just close your eyes? Maybe you want to slip your hand up to him tonight. It's in moments like these. I sing out I'll sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. Oh, in moments like me, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the [Music] Lord. Singing I hope from your heart. We just want to see [Music] you sing I love you. Sing I love you Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Singing I I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. singing. I I love you, Lord. I love [Music] you. Amen. How many has a need upon your heart tonight? Amen. We're a needy people, but he said, "I'm your supplier. I'll be your provider." It's nice to have brother Bill Ivy with us. If you wouldn't mind coming and taking the prayer request this evening, Bill, that'd be great. Got many requests that have come in. We do want to remember the Hollis family, Sister Hollis. We've received many requests for Sister Lorie Snow. she had a heart condition and um some complications that have gone on with that. So, we do want to remember Sister Lorie Snow and uh we want to remember Josh and Alex's little baby dealing with congestion and a lot of coughing and not sleeping very well. So, we want to remember her. A customer of ours emailed us the other day and said, "You know, I I see that you're guys believe in God, believe in prayer. Would you remember our family in prayer?" Our husband, her husband has just lost his job and believes that God can provide. Amen. So, we want to pray for them tonight. Her name's Jacqueline Murphy. So, the hem of his garment is not too far away. few minutes. We just want to remember those needs tonight. If you have a need, God bless you. You wonder what I said to brother Tim. I said, "You're getting old, brother. See some gray hairs." I didn't I didn't know they they made them in his head. So, but uh it's been 25 years since we left here. Feel like I'm at home, though, you know. But there is a home we're going to all be at home at one of these days. I I don't believe it's far away. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, you heard the request to the needs of your people. We're a needy people. Every one of us here has has something Lord that that they need from you. And whether they raised their hand or not, whether they turned in a request, they still have a need. And Lord, perhaps through this prayer, you'll minister to them and meet that Lord, as we lay it upon that golden altar above. Perhaps in the preaching of the word there through the entire sermon, there'll be one sentence that'll be said that that'll set somebody free. We just pray, heavenly father, that your will be done. Thank you for your presence here already and we just believe that you'll continue to be with your people through this service. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Why don't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise [Music] tonight brothers receive the offering tonight? I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his voice with praise. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He has [Music] [Applause] [Music] been I [Music] [Applause] will I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I [Music] for [Music] [Applause] me. He has made me glad. He has made our way for he has made for he has been [Music] heal for He has made me [Music] glad. He has made you glad. He has [Music] made Hallelujah. Why don't you have your seats this evening? If that same spirit, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead you dwell in you dwell in you in that same spirit that raised my son [Music] today dwell in [Applause] It shall quicken the mortal body. If that spirit well you it shall quicken your mortal body. [Music] If that spirit dwell in you, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead will in you, dwell in you. In the same spirit that raise my name in you in you with you. It's your w your spirit willing your body. If that spirit dwell in you, if that [Music] sing from the dead well in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from dwell in you, dwell in you. It shall quicken your mortal body. If that [Music] spirit, it shall we quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, it shall quicken, it shall quicken your body. [Music] that dwell in [Music] you dwell in [Music] you. Hallelujah. Peace like a river. [Music] Love like a mountain. The winds of your [Music] spirit are blowing everywhere. Joy. Oh, his joy is everlasting. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your [Music] fire for it peace. Peace like a river. Flow like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere like a fountain. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Glorious peace. Peace like a river. Oh, the wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Well, there are healing streams of life come Holy Spirit. Let your fire oh come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall one more [Music] time. Holy Spirit, let your fire. Can you help me sing? Peace of God cover me. We'll invite brother Timothy to come tonight. How many would just ask that the peace He's the great provider. Oh God, cover me. Cover [Music] me. Peace of God. [Music] Oh, that sounds beautiful. Could you sing that line once again now? Oh, peace of God, cover me, cover me, cover me. Peace of God. through the storm. Cover me. It's only in you. Only in you. It's only in you, Lord. Only in you. It's only in you. Only you. Yes, [Music] Lord. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. I'm going through the stor. Cover me when all seems to hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. And the peace surpasses all my understanding. [Music] Hallelujah. How many wants that peace, peace of God to just cover you and cover your heart and life? Let's just go to him in prayer today. Father, we just come to you today, Lord, and just ask once again that you'd come and take control of this service, this place, Lord. Lord, that we can have a moment with you, Father, in your presence, be drawn closer to you, Lord, in this time that we're living in. Father, we ask, Lord, that every hindrance and everything would just be moved out of the way, Lord, that you have preeminence in this service. We pray. We love you with all of our hearts. We thank you, Father, for these opportunities. We we don't take them for granted, Lord. But Lord, looking for that time, Lord, to be together with our believers of light, precious faith from all over the world, and to be in a place never to grow old, never to have to worry about leaving or what's happening tomorrow or what's going on or what happened today. Lord, that place of perfect peace and rest. That's what our hearts are longing for, Lord. That's what we're looking for. We just ask Lord you bless your people tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Turn our Bibles to Ephesians 4. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. It's always good to be amen with believers of like precious faith and to come together with the licks of fire and just have a reprieve for a moment from the things of the we go through in life. Amen. It's just just good to be together. Ephesians 4 and verse 30 says, "Enrieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed until the day of redemption." Amen. We'll let you be seated. Like to speak to you this evening on faith in the seal. Amen. And a seal is is used to guarantee security or to indicate ownership. A seal, if you look up the definition of seal, it means to conclude or establish or secure something definitively, excluding the possibility of reversal or loss. Amen. The seal is a sign that we have of the Holy Ghost. It's a sign that God has chosen you and there's nothing that can reverse it and there's no way he could ever lose you. Amen. He has claimed you as as his own. As the scripture would say, no man can pluck you out of his hand. Amen. Brother Brandon would use this term this this phrase he would in the church age book he would say he would come from the scripture no man can pluck you out of his hand. Then he continues with their lives cannot be tampered with. Amen. Tampered with means to touch or to make changes to something often secretly or dishonestly, especially in a way that can cause damage or harm. Amen. So once a believer's been sealed, amen, their lives can no longer be tampered with. Amen. Satan can't come along secretly and cause them permanent damage or harm, amen, to their spiritual life. but they're forever sealed into the kingdom of almighty God. And he would continue. He said, "The visible life is burning and shining, giving life, giving light and manifestations of the Holy Ghost. The inner vvisible life is hidden in God and fed by the Lord's word. And Satan cannot touch them. Satan cannot touch them. No, even death can't touch them. For death has lost its sting." Amen. The grave has lost its victory. Now, we of course know that Satan still comes against us in the physical realm and it touches our physical body. Amen. But what he's speaking about is he cannot touch you that will in a way that will have a everlasting or eternal effect. Amen. That yeah, he may touch you in your body and make you sick or or you know or touch you and make you feeble or whatever. Amen. But he can never once you're sealed into the kingdom of God, he has lost power. He has lost jurisdiction. He has lost ability to ever affect your eternal destination. But that eternal destination is sealed. Amen. For eternity. Amen. Amen. You know, God gave Abraham the promise as we would we could we know of our father Abraham. And he believed the promise and then and and in believing it was reckoned to him or imputed to him for righteousness. Amen. But when he but he also in that given that promise, he gave him a sign of the promise. And that was the seal. Amen. The circumcision, the the cutting off of the flesh. And and brother Brandon would bring that to us. And he said, you know, you believe God by faith that you've been saved and you accepted him and whatever you do. But God will also give you the Holy Ghost as a seal of the promise that he promised you. The Holy Ghost is a gift of God. That's right. that circumcises the heart. It cuts away the surplus flesh and it makes you a new creature in Christ Jesus. All right, there you are. It's nothing you had to do with it yourself. It's a gift of God. And when you believe correctly, God will give it to you. Amen. So when you have faith, Amen. to believe, Amen, that's the start of things. Yes. To have faith that he is God, to have faith. Amen. But God will also give you a seal. Amen. A confirmation of your faith. Amen. That's why that that's the reason why some Amen. have come along the journey and they have lost their faith because they never received the seal of God. Amen. That would that would seal it to the day of their redemption. They would they come along believing and believing in a prophet and believing in a message or or believing in in supernatural things, but something shook their faith. Amen. Before they could come to that place that that faith could be sealed by the seal of God. Amen. That's what we desire. We want more than just a belief system. We want more than just something that that that uh, you know, promotes a a good life. We want more than that. We want something more than just a good faith. We want more than just believing in there's a God or more than believing there's a prophet. We want to have that seal, that confirmation that our faith has been accepted before God. And therefore, our eternal destination is secure forever. Amen. So, uh, he would he would bring it. He'd say, "The new birth, you know, is an experience. It's a a gift of God. It's a seal of your faith. The Holy Spirit is a seal." Ephesians 4, grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed unto the day of your redemption. God made Abraham the promise. But Abraham believed God and was justified by faith. But God gave him the sign of the circumcision as a seal. So, he does that today. So he does that today. We believe him. And then if you say you believe and you do not receive the Holy Spirit, then you do not really believe because God promised to give you the Holy Spirit when you truly believe. Amen. Believe and you not receive the Holy Spirit. Amen. You did not receive the Holy Spirit when you believe. Paul asked in Acts 19, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" Amen. It is the gift of God. And when the spirit of God comes into a man, it will quicken him. It'll make him a new creature. He believes in an immortal God and he believes that and all that he does that he does all things and his heart is now in tune with what God's do desires are. Amen. There was a man one time asked him, he said, "What more can a man do but believe?" You know, what more can we do? We believe. He says, "That's all he can do. But God can do more." Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. He may that may be all he can do, but God can do more. He said, "Well, Abraham believed God, brother Brandham, and and it was imputed to him for righteousness." He said, "That's right." But he gave him the seal of circumcision as a confirmation of his faith. I said, "You haven't received the Holy Ghost. If you haven't received the Holy Ghost since you believe, God has never confirmed he's accepted your faith. He's never confirmed it. For the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a confirmation that God has accepted your faith. Now, what is circumcision today? It's not the cutting off of flesh, off of your body, but it's the cutting off of the fleshly parts of your heart. Amen. desires, the worldly desires, the things of the world where it was done by the flesh, by the hands of go against the flesh, days gone by. But now the Holy Spirit comes in and it cuts off all those things and then we can correctly believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and God gives the Holy Ghost to us to confirm it that our faith has been reckoned before him and now it is imputed to us for righteousness. Without the Holy Spirit, it has never been recognized yet. That's right. Come on. Without the Holy Spirit. Now, you know, this brother was, you know, no doubt, he said, a good Baptist brother of mine said, "You received the Holy Ghost when you believed." I said, "Brother, in Acts the 19th chapter, Paul passed a bunch of good Baptist brethren and said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Since you believe? Have you received the Holy Ghost?" The Holy Ghost is a confirmation that God has accepted your faith. You know, Cain was a believer. Amen. If believer was all you needed to be, Cain would have had it made. But it was more than being just a believer. Amen. Judas was a believer. He believed. He He worked miracles. He He done signs and wonders. He done all those things. But brother Vam said he showed his true colors when it came to receiving the circumcision of faith, the Holy Ghost. Amen. He was possessed. Brother actually said, you know, talks about said he was possessed with the Antichrist spirit, walked plum almost to Pentecost with him, rejoicing, casting out devils, shouting and has great joy. But when it came time for him to get the Holy Ghost, he showed his colors what he truly was. That's why we got to have more than just joy. We want more than just emotion. Right. We want more than just a shout or a dance or or or or speaking in tongues. We want more than just that. We want the confirmation that our faith has been accepted. That's right. And then once your faith has been accepted by the seal of the Holy Ghost, you can still hold and you can still be held when you don't have joy. When you're not dancing and shouting, when you don't have a whole lot of emotion going on, and you may feel sad and downhearted, but something on the inside has confirmed, I'm a son of God, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. That's good. The Holy Ghost is a seal. It is a sign that God gave his chosen children. To reject it is to be cut from the people from from the people of God. To receive it is to be finished with the world and all the things of the world. To be a product that God has put a seal of approval on. Amen. My what what an honor that is to be something worthy of him putting his seal on. Amen. He said, "You know, I used to work on the railroad here and he said we'd go down and load a car and my brother Doc standing back there would help load cars. When the car was being loaded, they'd go through the car. The inspector would and if he finds anything loose where it would fall or break or anything would be destroyed, he would not seal that car until that car was so completely packed and it was so packed down and so in order that the shaking of the ride won't bother the product that's on the inside. Oh my, that's what's the matter. We don't get sealed so much that we're too loose about things. And he said, "When the inspector comes through to inspect your life, you see you're not just a little loose about things, a little loose maybe about prayer life or or maybe a little loose about your temper, a little loose at the tongue to talk about others. He won't seal that car. Some dirty habits, some vile things, some ver vulgarity in your mind. He He can't seal that car. But when he found everything in its place, he then seals it. Dare be anyone open that seal until the car has reached his destination to where it's sealed for." Amen. There it is. Touch not mine anointed. Do my prophets no harm. For I say unto you, it's better for you that a millstone be hanged around your neck and you were drowned in the depths of the sea than to often or to even try to offend or shake a little one. The least of these has been sealed. See what it means? That's what the Holy Spirit is. It's your assurance. Come on. It's your assurance. It's your protection. It's your witness. It's your seal. It's your sign. I am heaven bound. Yes, the road might get a little rock in and the train car might sway a little bit. Amen. And get winds of hell may blow against me. But I am headed for a certain destination. And there's nothing going to stop me. Sure, I might have mind battles. Sure, I might have troubles along the way. But I am going to go through. Why am I going to go through? Because I have faith in the one who put the seal upon my heart that he can hold me no matter what I'm going through. Wonderful. He says, "I'm heaven bound. I don't care what the devil says. I'm heaven bound." When you realize this seal has been placed upon your heart, there's no more talking you out of it. You don't go from one camp to another camp worrying about it. no more. You know, it's not a sealed. You're sealed into the next youth camp or you're sealed into the next service or you're sealed into the next time you feel right or you feel good or you feel happy. That's not what this seal is. This seal is a is a finished. It's a it's done. It's over with. Amen. The question of that of your eternal destination is over. Sure, the devil may question it and the sure the devil may come and try to make you question, but deep down the inside of you, there'll be something that responds to that and say, "No, I know I met him for myself. I know he changed me. I know he made me different. I know I'm a new creature in Christ Jesus. Sure, I might have made a few mistakes. I might have faltered along the way, but I got back up again and I've continued on with my Lord, and I'm walking with Jesus." That's what the Holy Spirit is. He sealed me. He gave it to me. So, let me tell you, the devil can't take anything away that he didn't give you. If God gave it to you, ain't nothing the devil can do about it. He sealed me into his kingdom. I'm glory bound. Let the winds blow. Let Satan do what he wants to do. God's done sealed me to the day of my redemption. That's what the Holy Ghost is. And oh, you should want it. I can't go on without it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust all of us have that desire today. And listen, this seal holds. Now, there's men that have tried to seal, put seals, and their seals failed. Amen. Roman kingdoms tried to seal things and they failed. We can look right there at the very resurrection of Jesus Christ. They put a seal over the tomb. And they was daring anybody to break that seal. But Amen. God showed he was greater than any Roman seal or Amen. And that in any demon seal or anything the devil tried to seal, you know, the devil tries to put seals on you, too. He tries to seal you into a life of of sin or seal you into a life of drugs and alcohol or seal you into a life a life of whatever. Amen. Every kind of vice that he has. Amen. But there is a power greater than what the devil has. Amen. But I'm telling you, the seal that I'm talking about, there's no power greater. There ain't a power big enough, great enough, strong enough that could ever break the seal that has been put upon a believer's heart. He'll go through hell. He'll go through sickness. He'll go through trouble. He'll go through trials. He'll go through mind battles. He'll go through depression. He'll go through anxiety. But he'll come back out the other side sealed to the day of the redemption. Amen. Cuz we know we have faith in this seal, this seal's been tested. That's right. He said, "Inoculations, brother Brandon would also call it." He said, "We find," he said, "we find out that when man tries to find a serum, a doctor, you know, to give to a certain thing to a patient to inoculate him from a sickness, might try it on a guinea pig first and see if it'll work. Works on them. might try to find some volunteer human to do it. But God didn't work that way. God never took a guinea pig. He didn't even use another human. He didn't just come to I'm going to choose you. You do it. No, he came himself. He used it on himself. And he said, "A good doctor that wants to try sy serum, if he don't know whether to kill or cure, he ought to take it himself first." That's right. Right? Sounds sounds logical to me. But they want to poke stuff down you they ain't even took themselves and heck like it's a miracle thing. Cause all kind of issues. Amen. But he said if he wants to really know if it'll kill or cure, he ought to make sure he takes it himself to find out before he puts it in somebody else. But in God and God in order to take this serum, he had to be made flesh and come down as one of us as a kinsman redeemer. And God had to become a man. Amen. Just like you and I so he could take this serum. And he had his he had his inoculation at Jordan. Amen. When he walked out of the river by John and was baptized and then the inoculation came down and the toxin fell from heaven like a dove and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in." There he was inoculated. Amen. And immediately after the inoculation testing comes, you know, we got the wrong idea sometimes. We we get we we get experience with God and we think, well, we're just going to roll on just a little bit and take it easy now. No. All that that just turns all the guns of hell towards you. Amen. It turns all the guns of hell towards you. And this is what he he said immediately. Scripture talks about Amen. the spirit took him into the wilderness. He was taken into the wilderness to be tested. See, God was going to put this through a test to make sure that when he put it inside of somebody else, he knew what kind of effect it would have upon them. That's a good doctor right there. He didn't want to put it in them say, "Well, that didn't work. Let me try something." No. He wanted to find out if it would work and if it would hold. and and he's taken up for the first time and he says every man as soon as you receive the Holy Ghost and become inoculated, every demon out of hell will turn against you. Even family sometime will turn you down. Husbands and wives and pastors, maybe you get kicked out of a church or laughed at or made fun of. It's the test. Amen. Every son will be tested and tried to see if you really got what you say you got. God became flesh, one of us, that he might take the inoculation or become subject to sin. For he was born of a woman. He was tempted in all manners as we are. He couldn't do it as long as he was in spirit form or he had to come down and be made fleshed in order to be tempted to take the inoculation to take the toxin. He wanted to prove that his toxin was right. So he took it on the day that John baptized him with the toxin came down and all of heaven opened up and it filled him. Then the test come but it held. It held in every mocking trial. It held whenever Satan offered him everything. It offered him the world. It offered him the kingdoms. Amen. It held. And let me tell you, it'll hold today. Satan will offer you all kinds of things. But if you have that inoculation on the inside of you, it'll hold. That's right. Amen. The world looked on him, the church looked down on the critics looked at him, and mockers made fun of him, and devils laughed at him, but it held. Yes, sir. He stood there before a bunch of educated priests and and he said they said you know which one of you can condemn me of sin. That inoculation held. He said if I do not the works of my father then believe me not. But if I do the works then believe me. They said you're a man making yourself God. He said if I don't do the works of my father then don't believe it. But my works are speaking louder than my mouth ever can. That's right. It held. He says, "You are what you are by the way you live." Watch where the prophet drops in right there. He says, "You are what you are by the way you live. You're not what you are by the way you talk or the way you dress or the way you are, but the way you live. That's what makes you who you are. The outside expresses what's going on on the inside. This hallow shallow. He talks about card playing, cigarette smoking generation that calls themselves Christians. Bob hair women dancers, television friends, nasty jokes, calling yourself Christians. You need inoculations. Back to Pentecost again. That's right. You're in great need. It held on Jesus when he was tested of everything a man could be tested by. Every temptation that ever fell upon a man fell on him. But that inoculation held. That seal held. If you want to know whether it'll hold or not, whether this thing is right or not, look at him. Yes, sir. That's right. If you want to know if it'll hold today, look at him. That's right. If you not want to know if it'll hold when you're sick, look at him. If you want to know if it'll hold when friends walk away, look at him. Amen. It held. They put a rag around his face. A man who had the power to speak and legions of angels would come. And he held boy. What we have? What would do happen on 20 if we had the power to speak? Mercy Jesus. And here he could have called 10,000 legions. Just one nod. But it held. Why was he allowing all this to show to be to to be be put there? So you 2,000 years later could look at it and say the same God that was there is now in us. So if it held in those situations, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. It'll hold in this situation. That's right. It'll hold when the church turns against me. It'll hold when this goes on. It'll hold when my family is falling apart. It'll hold. Amen. Why? Because it held there. It'll hold now. Listen, if people are blowing up, blowing apart, and their lives are being torn, it shows you they never had the holding power. is not saying that the holding power wasn't strong enough cuz he tested it in every way that could be tested. So he knows that it'll hold look G look at Jesus that could heal the sick. He can raise the dead. He can do all these things. Foretell tell people know their hearts sitting in pilot's c courtyard with a rag wrapped around his eyes and a Roman soldiers drunk spitting his face beard pulled out hit him in the head with a reed and says take the rag off now and tell us who you are if you're a prophet. Tell us who hit you. He never opened his mouth. Sure. He didn't have to gimmick. That was God. Pull your hands off the cross. Come down and we'll believe sincerely. We're the priest. We're God's servant. You'll prove it. We'll come down. You'll come down off the cross. We'll know that you're the son of God. You are our king. Come down off the cross. But he could not come down. Why? Because he was proven it's going to hold you. That when you're in the hardest trial of your life, you feel like all friends have walked away. And you walked away. There's nobody who's been maybe beside you with two thieves and all the disciples have left and this one's gone and you wonder and you can still stand there and it'll hold. Amen. Amen. Things can be falling apart around you and you can't you can't grab a hold of it and put it back together. If you try, it'll hold. Our prophet come down to that same spot in his life. Amen. when he was there looking at his little baby dying and his wife dying and and he and the devil sitting on his shoulder saying why don't you just curse God he all the things you've done the prayers that you prayed you prayed for so many and look at this one die he's tell you just put a black sheet he don't care nothing about you he don't care what you're going through look at you you're suffering and you prayed and he's answered all kind of prayers for other people but now you're praying for yourself and he turns his back. And he said, "I was just about to say something." Well, that's the way it is. And he said, "All of a sudden, something went out on the inside." It held. How many has ever come to that place? You thought, "I I can't hold on no longer." Well, good. You're not hold the one doing the holding anyhow. It's God that's holding you. Amen. I wasn't the one that chose him in the first place. He chose me and he put his life inside of me and he found me worthy to put his seal upon. Amen. So when I go through my trial, I'm not going to worry about am I holding on? Can I hold through this? Can I hold? It ain't me holding on. It's him holding on to me. And there ain't a devil in hell that can break his hold off of your life. The inoculation held on Jesus. It held at the cross. It held when he could have come down off that cross. Billy Sunday said, "Every tree was sitting full of angels." Said, "You don't have to come off the cross. Just point your finger. We'll change the whole situation." But he said, "I do that always. It pleases the father." Amen. The inoculation held. The word, the will of God stayed in him. No matter whether he was patted on the back and called the young rabbi of Galilee or whether he was called Beelzebub, it held. Whether he was called the devil or fortune teller or blasphemy was said about him, the inoculation held. Then they watched if he'd scream and take it back all all back at the cross, but he couldn't take it back. It held. Everything forsook him. His church, his people, even God forsook him. Everything. But the inoculation held. That's the way. Back that way. It held. No matter what come or what went, it held. The inoculation held. They watched him die. Not like a coward, but like a prince. He never flinched. He looked at He looked at death like a prince. He knew, Amen. death was about to lose its victory. Amen. Because he knew what the word had prophesied about him. Amen. You lay there and you take this temple and you destroy it. In three days, I'll raise it up again. I'll not suffer my holy one to see corruption. He knew what the word spoke about him. That's right. And he had faith in what he said. And he had faith to go down into hell. And he had faith that he was going to rise again. Amen. Oh yeah. The word of God spoke that he would do it. And he did it. Didn't the same. And then he follows all that up. He said, "Didn't the same Holy Ghost say these signs follow them that believe?" How in the world are we going to get away from it? You have it if you are inoculated. Amen. If you have the side seal. He said to the woman, "Could you drink the cup that I drink? Could you be inoculated with the inoculation that I'm inoculated with? I can't give it to you. You the right hand, the left hand of your sons, but if you'll drink this cup and do it, it'll be all right. Certainly, it's not mine to give that. But if you drink the cup that I drink, be inoculated with the same spirit that I'm baptized with, then everything will be all right." Come on, somebody. Amen. And if you'll receive the Holy Ghost and you'll receive the seal of God into your life to the day of your redemption, everything will be all right. It don't matter what comes between now and then. Everything will be all right. I got sickness. I got problems. I got say everything will be all right cuz it don't none of this down here of this this uh time time being stuff or you know this earthly time matters to eternity. It has no reflection on eternity. Amen. Your sickness is a time being. It's affected by time. It only has a certain amount of time that it can deal with that it can dwell in your body. That's right. Come on. It might take you down to death, but it'll come to its last time. But if it does end up taking a believer to his death, that might not be the sickness's last time, but it's not the believer's last time cuz it did not affect their eternal destination. But they have been sealed until their final moments and it held. I've watched men in this age die, men of faith, and it held. Amen. men that had been sealed with the Holy Ghost, it held. He said when the disciples seen that, when he came, he said he came back. He said, "Go tell my disciples." He came to I'm back exactly as I said I would. The inoculation held. I died just like the Bible said I'd die, but the inoculation held. My soul descended into hell like the Bible said it would, but the inoculation held. I have the keys of death and hell in the grave. I'm a I'm rose again and I'm alive forever more. Evidence, proof that the inoculation will hold. The disciples seen that. They said, "Well, we want that inoculation, too. We want He said, "Well, I tell you what you do. You go into the city of Jerusalem and wait there until I send the toxin. If you want eternal life, you want to do this thing that I have, this thing that I have before the resurrection, you want the thing that'll keep you in the way, it'll that has kept me. If you want the thing that'll let you die like I die, you want something that'll raise you up from the grave, I'm going to send it back to you, go there and wait on it. He never said, "Go get your degree of LLD or go learn your ABCs, but wait until you're inoculated or end with power from on high." Wait, stay there. Wait, not go four years in the seminary. not be pumped with a bunch of inbombing fluid pumped into you. You're not a guinea pig. You're a son. Amen. Wait until endu with power until the inoculation of the eternal life comes upon you and it'll raise you up at the last day just like it did me. And he had some candidates right away. And I first heard he said when I first heard it, I was one too. I didn't care what they said to me and I wanted that. I've always said if that this ain't that, I want that. I'll keep this till that comes. That's what I want. I want that inoculation. I got to have that inoculation. They went up there and the Holy Spirit began to fall upon them and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. They began to speak with other tongues, tongues of fire sitting on them. God, the great pillar of fire, the same one that followed the that led the children of Israel. Not three gods, one God has now come in spirit form and now living in his people. Amen. Hallelujah. God divided himself among his church. Like a man and his wife being one. So God and his church is one. There's one. That day you'll know the I am the father. The father and me and I and you and you and me. That's the inoculation he received is not me that doeth the works. It's my father. Amen. That inoculation. It inoculated them from unbelief. It inoculated them from fears and anxieties and worries of death. And what would happen? They laid their life down willingly because of that inoculation. He said that same inoculation will also inoculate you from unbelief. Amen. Come on, somebody. It'll also inoculate you from unbelief. It'll anchor you with a settled faith in Christ. That's why we want a settled faith in Christ. Not something that you question and it time after time and you question it. But let that question be settled once and for all. I am his son. I am his daughter. And there ain't a devil in hell that can do anything about it cuz he put his life inside of me. Amen. No man could ever talk you out of it from that moment on. That's right. Hello. No website could ever talk you out of it. If they could talk you out of it, it's cuz you've been talked into it. We're not interested in talking people into this. Cuz if we talk them into it, they'll be talked out of it. Amen. What we're interested is people be born into this. Come on, somebody. Cuz once you're born into it, Amen. You You don't have no shame no more about it. It's over with. Come on. Amen. God has dealt wondrously with your heart and took all your unbelief away and took all your fear and all your doubts away. And it doesn't matter what any man can say anymore. They can say whatever they want to say. They can bring all kind of accusations they want to bring against the supernatural and the things of God. Place it on all kind of websites. It don't matter no more cuz I wasn't talked into this. Therefore, I will not be talked out of it. I was born into the kingdom of God. Your whole life has changed. You're a new creature. And there ain't enough devils in hell that can take it away from you. Amen. Amen. Did I read that right? That's a direct quote. There ain't enough devils in hell that can take it away from you. Hallelujah. What must I do to receive this inoculation? Well, we've been given the prescription. Acts two. Amen. Read Acts two. Repent. Yes. Not sorry I got caught. Repent. Say, "God, I'm sick of my old ways. I'm sick of the way I am. I'm sick of my bloodline that I was born in. I'm sick of my life and the way I've lived. I'm sick of it all." Repent. And they be baptized. What's B? What do you mean baptized? Be immersed. Be be laid down as a dead man in a grave, in a watery grave. And when you've repented and you've laid yourself down before him and you rise, not to take on the name of Puit or Brandom or this or that and the other, but you take on the name, not titles. You don't take on the titles of father, son, and holy ghost. You take on the name. Amen. The name of the father, the name of the son, and the name of the holy ghost. One God, the lord Jesus Christ. And you rise up. No longer Timothy Puit, but a son of Jesus Christ. Amen. And there ain't enough devils. You won't have to worry about going to the next camp. Lost it. Listen, we ain't interested in camp religion. If that's all we're getting, I don't even want it. That that ain't what it's about. I'm not interested in Sunday religion or Wednesday religion. I'm not interested in religion in itself. I want the life of Jesus Christ. I want it demonstrated in our midst. I want the life in young people. I want them to be able to rise up at school and say, "I am a son of God." I want them to rise up at their jobs and say, "I am a daughter of God." And when the devil comes and he tries to whisper those things in their ears, they can shut him off by the word of God and say, "Devil, you have lost your power over me cuz I am now a daughter of God. I am now a son of God born into the kingdom of God. Ain't enough devils." What is the Holy Ghost? It's an advocate. What is an advocate? What what what does an advocate do? What makes an advocate? It's mercy. It stands in your place. It does the things you can't do. Amen. I can't live an overcoming life. It can. I can't rise above pornography. It can. Yes, sir. It does the things you can't do. It's a propituation for your sins. It's your righteousness. It's your healing. It's your life. It's your resurrection. It's all that God has for you. He is an advocate. How we could go into the details of that and break it down of how that when he makes intercession for our ignorance, sometimes when we get the Holy Ghost, we st ignorantly stagger into something. But the Holy Spirit is there as an advocate. He is our advocate. He stands there. He is our attorney. He stands there and pleads our case. We don't plead for ourselves because the Holy Ghost is in us to plead for us. The Holy Ghost given utterance sometimes with words we can't understand and makes intercessions for us. That's what the Holy Ghost is. He said, "When I walk anything," he said, "I walk like a little kid." You walk like a little fella. We're walking in a dark world full of enemies, full of sin, full of traps, full of everything. You say, "Well, I'm afraid. I'm afraid to take Christian life. I'm afraid to do this. I'm afraid to don't be afraid." We have an advocate. He stands beside us. He's in us. He's making intercession for us. The Holy Spirit constantly making an advocate for us all the time. He is our advocate. Oh, how we thank God for that. A seal, a sign, the spirit of life, the God of heaven, the comforter, the life, the advocate. What is he? Oh my. We could go on for hours. Amen. So, what we're going to ask now promises. He's promised to us in the last days his advocate seal promise everything that we have talked about him tonight with 10,000 times more. It was made a promise to us in the last days. They didn't have to have it in that day. They had that seal on their flesh as a token, a sign, believing it was coming. They walked in the shadow of the law with the circumcision of flesh. Today, we don't walk in the shadows. We walk by the power of the resurrection. We walk by the power of the spirit who is our true seal, our true advocate, our true comforter, our true sign that we've been born from above. Peculiar, odd people acting funny, taking God at his word, calling everything else wrong. God's word is right and that's all. That's right. That's what the Holy Ghost is. 50. In another place, he said, "The seal is a finished work. When you write your complete letter, everything that's going to be and you seal it with your name. They used to back in the day, you write a letter and take the envelope and then they would bring the little corner piece down and they would drop a bit of wax on there, heat some wax up and drop it. Then they would put a seal in that wax and it was to show that this letter when it arrived, if the seal was still in place, it hadn't been disturbed. Nobody had got in there and tampered with it or if there's money in it or whatever, they didn't get it because that seal showed it made it safely to his destination. Amen. He says it's it's a it's showing you that the package is still sealed up goes again to the box car and the inspector coming by and if he finds stuff shook loose, he wanted to see if anything was loose. If anything was loose, he didn't condemn it. That's what's the matter. The inspector going by, he goes into a lot of our lives. the reason we don't get it. We might carry on and act like it, you know, that's but the fruits show you you don't have it. And he shakes and he finds little loose places here of unbelief, little loose places over there and he condemns it and sets it back down. It's got to be packed right because you got a rough road to travel. But when God gives a man or woman the Holy Ghost, he shakes every loose feather out of them. He's got a ride coming. see if she's packed up right. What did he do? Justification, he called her. Sanctification, he cleansed her. The Holy Ghost, he sealed her, packed it tight, and then closed the door. That's what the last thing is. Put the seal on the road car to his destination. Not the next revival, but to his destination whereby grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you're sealed until the next revival comes along, until the next youth camp comes along. No, until you take a notion to go somewhere else or do something else. until the day of your redemption. Amen. When God gives you the Holy Ghost, it's a finished work. When a baby comes forth, what's the first thing in natural life? Water breaks, then blood comes, then life comes. The same elements came out of Christ that we go through to get back into his body. The first thing come, they spirited him in the side and water poured out. Blood came forth into thy hands I commend thy spirit life. First John 5:7 says, "There are three that bear record in heaven. The Father, the word, which is the Son, and the Holy Ghost. These three are one, but there are three that bear record upon the earth. The water, the blood, and the spirit." Amen. They're not They're not one, but they agree in one. You can't have the Father without having the Son. You can't have the Son without having the Holy Ghost. But when you can but you can be justified without being sanctified. Yeah. Or you can be sanctified without having the Holy Ghost. But when it's finished, both justification and sanctification and the seal of the Lord Jesus Christ by baptism is put on you, it's a finished work. The seal is a sign of a finished work. It's done. It's over. It's finished. We could go down. You say, "Well, what is the Holy Ghost a seal?" Yes. Another place, Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, where you're sealed until the day of your redemption." That's the genuine true Easter seal. Shows that sin has been paid for you and God has accepted you and you're sealed into Christ by the Holy Ghost. Sin is finished. Hello. Sin is finished. The eternal seal has been finished. Now, we're resurrected today. Why can't we have such a time over the things of God? Because we're resurrected. Those he forno, he called. Those he called, he justified. Those he justified, he has also glorified. Then now we we are now resurrected. We're resurrected from the inside out, not from the outside in. Did you notice? Not sealed out this way, but sealed in. So if you're sealed in, then that means the devil is sealed out. He would say in another place, the only way the devil can get get to you is you get out from behind that. He said otherwise he would have to come along the same process, amen, justified, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost to get to where you are. That doesn't mean that he don't try. Doesn't mean he don't scratch at the door and howl in the windows, whisper things and say things and mind battles and fleshly things, striking at your flesh. But on the inside, ain't a devil in hell that can crack that seal and spoil the goods. People find themselves shattered and their faith gone and they've lost their way, turned their back on God. Yet they once believed. They once walked with us. They once sang with us. They once amended with us. They once took communion with us. They once went to the altars with us. They once was in prayer lines with us. But something happened along the way. What happened? They never was sealed. You know, somebody told this story and it always stuck with me about a fire in a house, you know, and fire the the most destructive thing about fire sometimes, not just the not the fire, it's the smoke that can get in everything. And they were going through this house and all the clothes smelt like smoke and the bed smelled like smoke and the walls smelled like smoke and everything else smelled like smoke. He said that finally he's just looking for a place that where smoke didn't get to and he found a couple of cans that had been sealed up peaches or something and he said I popped the seal on that and there was no smoke in there. There wasn't. He still had the smell of peaches or whatever it was that he he had in his hands. He said, "I realize what kept them from that was that seal." And we know in this age that we're living in, the smoke is coming up like a out of a great furnace and it's filling the air and people are getting infected by it and they're losing their vision from it and they're losing their ability to see from it and to walk and and to think, right? That's what happens in smoke. Hey, I could probably bring up a fireman right now could tell you all kind of things about the dangers of smoke. Smoke get in your eyes and you may not even be around the fire. There's been a lot of people killed just from inhaling the smoke and they find them and dead and laid out because their lungs wasn't built for that stuff and and it gets into there and it permeates on the inside and we're that's what we're seeing in this time that we're living in. People are walking in this place where smoke is filling the place. It's a revelation. And it's filling the atmospheres and it's filling our school rooms and it's filling our jobs and it's filling our governments and it's filling the whole world. And there's people that can are walking there and hailing and they're dying by the millions and the thousands are just falling by the wayside. But there's a certain group of people that are walking through the smoke. If you've been given the equipment to deal with it, amen, you can make it through. firemen put on things around their face and it's sealed off. They put on things, you know, uh protection equipment and they're able to go into places and save people. Why? Because they've been given something. And there's a people in this day that's been given a seal and they can walk through Leodia and they can walk through the smoke and the how and they can walk through the filth all around them and it not affect them. Why? Cuz they have been sealed by the seal of almighty God. And there ain't an ounce. Come on. There ain't a wisp of that smoke that can get inside that seal. They're sealed until the day of their redemption. We go on down as we get down to this. Sure, the devil will punch at you. He'll accuse you. He'll say things about you. He'll try to make you think that you're not. Oh yeah. But here's the key. You want the key? Don't listen to him. That's not That's not very hard. Don't listen to him. Tune him out. Tune into the things of God because you know you've passed from death unto life. You know the things that you once loved, you don't love them anymore. That's right. And you know that you believe every word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe the token is a confirmation. It's the price has been paid. It's finished. It's done. We have our ticket to our eternal destination. Winds may blow. Demons may how. Satan will come with his mind battles. He'll come with his depression and his anxieties and his fears and his worries and the darkness of the smoke. But down on the inside is a seed that's been sealed. And it'll walk through every howling demon of hell. It'll walk through every spirit. It'll walk through every sickness. It'll walk through every problem. It'll walk because it's got a destination and it'll continue on. And if it goes down by the graveside, it'll come up again. It's a certified seed. It's going to come up. Hallelujah. I think about our sister Marilyn. We just had to bear and I was looking at that seed. Brother Tim mentioned about it being a seed and I think I said, "God, I'm so thankful we got certified seeds. has been germatized by the spirit of God that he may go down into death, but one day there's going to come a sound from heaven. And that seed is going to come up again. And she ain't the only one. There's going to be millions, no doubt, around the world that raise up again. Why? Because they have had that seal that sealed them until the day of their redemption. It's the earnest. It's the down payment of what we are going to receive. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts today. the blood, the Holy Spirit, the seal. If you haven't followed that prescription with your whole heart, I I would say follow it. Go after it with everything. I must have it. Lord, I want to repent and I want to be baptized in your name that I can receive you. I must have you, Lord. Hallelujah. How many you just say, Lord, I must have you must have you, Lord. In my life, in my heart, every part, every place, I need you. Father, come to you today, Lord Jesus. We're needy of you. So thankful to have confidence and faith and such a power that can hold us in our darkest moments. Go through some hard things in life, some hard hits. Maybe somebody here tonight's been through some hard hits. Lord, they can surely say, look back and say, "It's held. It's held me." When I couldn't hold on no more, it held me. Oh, God. Lord, may you just come down, I pray, and touch each heart with your presence tonight, Lord. Move on the scene for your people, Father. Lord, there be somebody that don't know you tonight. May they find you, Lord. May they seek you with their whole heart. Lord, there's nothing in this world that's worth staying here for. There's nothing in this world worth trading you for. Lord, you're worth everything. Father, we ask, God, that you'll just have your way. Touch each heart. Touch each life. Lord, if there be something we've done, God, may we just go to start repenting for it right now and lay it at your feet and follow you, Lord, in the power and the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Seen every hand that was lifted all over this building. God, I I don't know if there's a person here that could truly say, "We don't need more of Jesus." Lord, we all need more of you. This church needs more of you. I need more of you, God. We all desire that tonight, Father. Lord, may you just come in a special way and touch each heart and each life. Ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Lord, right now I need you, Lord. I need you. I need you right now. I lift my hands. I lift my hands. Oh, I bow my knees. Worship at your throne. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you. I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. [Music] I need Yes, Lord. Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, right now I lift my hands to worship and your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. Oh, I need you. Yes, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, God. I need you, Father. How many need you tonight, Lord? I need you, Lord, in my life. I need you, Lord. Need you to have this, Lord, in my life? Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knee at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. One more time. I need you, Jesus. Oh, yeah. I need you, Lord. Oh, right now. Oh, I need you. Lord, I need you right now. Hallelujah. Amen. If you need prayer tonight, I'd be glad to pray with you. Whatever. Don't leave this place without him. worship at your home. Jesus, draw me close. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh Jesus, draw me full. Yes, Lord. closer Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus [Music] stronger Lord to you. bright desire to worship and obey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus draw me [Music] close the Lord to you the world around [Music] [Applause] [Music] me Jesus. [Music] closer to you. Oh, [Music] rise to worship and open. [Music] Jesus, Jesus Christ. Oh, all you let the world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus draw me closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy What you want for me, dear Lord, whatever, wherever it may be. I know and know what's best [Music] for I want you for [Music] me. I want what you want for me. I want what you want me. Whatever where it may be. Cuz I know that you know what my [Music] whole what you are. I want you for me. [Music] And I want what you want. [Music] Oh, whatever. Wherever it may be. [Music] What's best my lord? [Music] I'm no longer a slave to [Music] sin. I am a child of God. [Music] I'm no longer a slave afraid to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I've been born again into your family. Your blood flow through my [Music] veins. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave. I am a child of God. You unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my [Music] enemy till all my years are gone. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to [Music] me. I am a child of God. No longer a slave to [Applause] me. I am I am a child, a child of God. You spread the sea so I could walk right through. Our tears are drowning [Music] perfect. You resueed me so and say I am a child of God. You break the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowning. You rescued me so I can stand. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to be. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to be. I am a child of God. [Music] I have a father before my heart and for even time bear my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every call. He sees me here that falls and he hears me when I fall. [Music] I have a father. He calls me his own. He will never be never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my my name. [Music] He knows by every thought and he sees me here that falls and hear me when I call. And I have the [Music] father. He calls me his own. He will never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees he and he hears me when I [Music] call. I'm glad he knows. He knows my name. He knows my every thought and see. He sees. He's here at home. He hears me when I call. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. I think about the Lord. How he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. It's hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory, all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, How he place my feet on solid ground, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy, all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost when I think. How he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're [Music] worthy glory. All the honor, all the [Music] praise. Hallelujah. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. forget his old. Is he your companion tonight? He's my companion. He is my victory. The only true God to Oh, wonderful Savior Jesus, the lion of [Music] Judah. Our God is circing. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire with the same [Music] slight mighty. He sent his angels to me. There is no powerful our God cannot handle. Our God is blessed. He revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory. greatest [Music] story. When you're in trouble, show what he for God Almighty will find your battle. He will stand for [Music] you. Not the way that you think it should. My great Jehovah. Just watch the paradox to stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is amazing. His never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Hallelujah. [Music] to guide me. There is no powerful our God cannot handle. Our God in blessed revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. Greatest glory. Oh our God. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a [Applause] sinner. God be there is no more powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. Great [Music] story. The Lord has brought me through all of my trials. When I failed him, he didn't cast me away. He stood right by me through all of my trles. And when I was lost, he didn't let me go astray. He took my sins. [Applause] Oh, yes, he did. He cleaned me up and he made me [Music] whole. Jesus died on Calary. Oh, has he done it for you? that he did for me. It was great that he did for me. It was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary for the whole wide world to see. It was great standing on me. Hallelujah. Well, you're singing great, but we're going to dismiss you. Tonight, go in the fear of the Lord. We'll see you again on Sunday. Amen. Everybody happy tonight. Amen. If you got that seal, don't worry about the smoke. Amen. Church age study, Friday night at 6:00. 6:00 right here at the church. And the skip will be directly after in the fellowship hall. So if you're in the skit, make sure you're here. Amen. If you're not in the skit, please come for the church age study and then we'll let you stay for the skit. Praise the Lord. Amen. Go singing this tonight. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great day when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary. [Music]
