################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - Faith of the Widow - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 2, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-02
Title:   Faith of the Widow - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 2, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4h0NzhoX8l8
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] And how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet. Oh, on solid ground. Then it makes me want to shout. Oh [Music] hallelu. Thank you Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory. Oh, and all the praise. Oh, it makes me it makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. makes me want to [Music] shout. Hallelujah. That's what we're here to do tonight. Amen. Let's just all stand together as we Amen. are here and slimmer crowd than normal. Amen. But we know God can move. Amen. Amen. Where two or three are gathered. Hallelujah. Amen. Before we go to the Lord in prayer, we have a few praise or a few prayer requests this evening. I want to remember to continue to pray for the Hollis family. Sister Hollis has been sick and body, I believe, was taken to the hospital this week and needs strength and a touch in her body. Also, we have a prayer request uh that was turned in for Brother Kenny. He's been um battling COVID, but also now has pneumonia. He's been very sick. Sister Jeanie has also been sick. She uh asked that we would remember both of them in prayer tonight. Want to continue to remember to pray for Sister Marilyn Griffith as well. Very weak in in her body. If you have a need you want to just lift to the Lord tonight. Say, "Come by my way, Lord." Amen. He's mindful of each one. Amen. And now let the weak say, "I am strong." Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say, "I am strong." Let the poor say, "I am rich because of what the Lord has done." Oh, give thanks. Give thanks. Yes, Lord. That's what we're here to do tonight, Father. To give thanks to you for all that you've done, Lord. Lord, we can stand here with assurance knowing, Lord, no matter what the storms of life are, Lord, the storms that are in the atmosphere around us, many situations that we're battling, Lord, that we can stand with assurance and say, "I'm strong because of what you've done for us." Lord, I think of these prayer requests that have been turned in for the church here, Lord. Sister Marilyn, Sister Hollis, Lord, the camps, Lord, you see the needs in their body. each one of them, Lord, that's Lord, a dedicated and faithful servant, asking that you'll touch them tonight. Lord, I think of another request that was sent over earlier today of a young man in North Carolina that had just come back to the Lord, just come back to church last Sunday and then passed away in an accident unexpected. And Lord, his family needs a touch from you, Lord. They need a healing in that church, Lord. But we thank you for moving on his life before he went home, Lord. And Lord, we ask tonight, no matter what the situation is, if it's somebody here, somebody that's been long lost, Lord, away, a prodigal, we ask you'll move on lives here, Lord. Lord, you see the congregation, not very many, but we stand together in unity, Lord, asking that you'll move, Lord. Asking that you'll be in the songs that are sung, Father, that you'll anoint brother Timothy as he ministers the word, Lord, and use him in a mighty way, Father. Lord, not him as a man, Lord, but the gift inside that you would speak through him, Father. Lord, touch each one that's here, Lord. Touch those that are streaming, Lord, may be sick in a hospital or at home, Lord, in pain. Lord, but you see the need. We commit it to you and we love you, Father. We thank you for the time we have. We pray you'll bless the tithes and the offering. Bless those that are away traveling. It's in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Key of G. Amen. And the brothers can take up the offering this evening. Amen. The blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, way back on Calary. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me [Music] strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches, oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows through the lowest valley. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me [Music] strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. There is power, power. Wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the [Music] [Applause] lamb. There is power, power, wonder. Oh, in the preious blood. Well, say there's power tonight. There is power, power, wonder, working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Oh precious blood of the lamb and are you washed? Oh in the blood say in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. [Music] And are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood? Say, "Yes, I'm washed." Oh yes, I'm washed. Oh, in the blood. Oh, in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I know my garments spotless. Yes, it's white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. And I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. And one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. Say it again. Yes, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. And one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. And what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And what can make me whole again? Oh nothing but the blood of oh precious. Oh preious is the flow that it makes me white as snow. [Music] No, no other found I know. Oh, nothing but the blood of all precious and oh preious is the flow that makes Pat familyer special. has no no other found I know oh nothing but the blood of [Music] Jes nothing nothing but the blood of Jesus Amen. Before you take your seat, just give the Lord a big hand clap tonight. Amen. Are you thankful for the blood of Jesus? Hallelujah. You can be seated. Amen. God bless you. [Music] My chains are gone. Sing a song about the [Music] past. No more songs about guilt with words like regret. Every melody sounding like mercy instead. This ain't a song about chains. No, my chains are gone. I found my freedom in you. I found a joy I can't lose. And thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. And heaven broke through from the moment you found me. I found my freedom. [Music] I want to sing about a savior and the price that was [Music] paid. I want to sing about the blood that washed my sins away. No more songs about broken with words like every me. I found my freedom in you. I found a joy I can't lose. And thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. And heaven broke through from the moment you found me. I found my freedom in you. Found my new name. Found that good grace. Found that he tears fell down my face. When I found my beginning has no ending. Found that second chance. Found my best friend. Found my forgiveness. Found my happiness. I've been singing ever since. I found my freedom in you. I found the joy I give you. And thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me and heaven broke through. From the moment you found me, I found my freedom. [Music] I found my freom on me. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Have you found your freedom tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. And we've had some wonderful services lately. How many's come expecting again tonight? Amen. Had this song that brother Andrew sent me a few days ago and just ask him to help me sing it. If you know it, sing it with us. If you don't know it, it's just a few lines. It won't take too long. Amen. But it just says, "I'm expecting." [Music] Anticipating move of God. move. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? That's what you want to say? I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. [Music] I'm expecting, anticipating a move. Oh, of God. Can you say it again? I'm expecting I'm expecting. Oh, anticipating a move. Amen. Can we just all stand together and sing it down? And we won't be satisfied. We won't be satisfied. Heaven invades our lives. Move, oh God. Yes. Move, oh God. We won't be satisfied. Heaven invade our lives. Oh move, oh God. whole moves. Say it again. I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating. Anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. Amen. Is that your expectation tonight? The battle belongs to you, Lord. Say, I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle, the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. The battle belong. Amen. Why is that? Because I'm [Music] expecting I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. the move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I won't be sisfied. Heaven invade my life. Oh, move. Oh, God. Oh, move. Oh, God. We won't be satisfied. Heaven invade our lives. Move, oh God. Oh, move, oh God. Cuz I'm expecting, anticipating a move. Oh, it can happen tonight with your expectation. Oh, a move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. the move of God. And I'm expecting, anticipating the move of God. A move of God. Hallelujah. I believe that's what we ought to be in expectation. no matter what it looks like around us or what's going on around us or what's happening in our midst that we're expecting God to do something and God to move and touch hearts and lives. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we just come to you today, Lord. just ask that you would come and lead us by your word and your presence, Lord, as only you can do. Father, we just in much need of direction in our lives. And Lord, we just want to know that we're in your will and in the place that you want us to be, Father. Lord, we ask Lord you'd come and touch hearts tonight and minister, Father, by the word of the Lord and encourage, Lord, as we look at ourselves and we sometimes seem so insignificant and seem like maybe we don't matter, but Lord, we do matter to you. And Lord, what matters to us matters to you, Father. And we know that you have it in control. and we just ask that you would come and take these few thoughts and and Lord express them to the hearts of your people. We pray. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's turn our Bibles to Mark chapter 12. I actually actually gave a different title uh earlier and I sorry to mess up the stream I guess but speak on fa I want to speak on faith of the widow. Amen. Faith of the widow just something the Lord dropped in my heart just a few minutes ago and just asked the Lord to have his way. Mark chapter 12 and verse 41. And said, "And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury. And many that were rich cast in much. And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw into mites, which makes a farthing." She called unto him, and he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, verily I say unto you, this poor widow hath cast more in than all they which have cast into the treasury. For all they did cast in of their abundance, but she of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living. Amen. We'll let you be seated. As I said, uh, just kind of standing in a a peculiar place today because, you know, you study things and you expect to go a certain direction and and God has a way of doing things sometimes in just the last moments. And so, you just want to want to be yielded vessel unto him and and just ask the Lord to direct. You know, it's not what I want to preach anyhow. It's what what he has desired. Amen. And and I' I've I've been thinking on this thought a little bit here and there for the last few weeks. I actually had the opportunity to uh and I I I just want to pass this around. You can look at it and pass it one to another. Uh brother, you can look at that. It's called a widow's might. It's just a small very insignificant coin. Doesn't look very much. Actually, in that day, it was worth about a half a cent. It was worth about a half a cent or so. as you can look at the and study on that for a moment. It doesn't look like very much. It doesn't look like and of course it wouldn't pay for very much. But Jesus looked at this and he's watching as people come to the place and come to the house of God and they're casting in the money to support the ministry and to support things and and and you know he's watching the rich give of their abundance. But he makes a very astounding statement as we've read. He he looks at that and he says, "Now I want to ask you who gave more." You know, yeah, there's more in value maybe given by this person or more money or that maybe this one gave a hundred bucks or this one gave a thousand or whatever. He said, "But I want you to see what true value is is this woman was willing to give of her all." And I I think that's what we we're all called to. Amen. It may not look like much. We may in our own lives seem very insignificant and very unimportant, but to God, amen, we matter. Amen. God looks upon our lives. He created us before the foundation of the world with a thought in mind of who he wanted us to be and how he wanted us to be. And so when we come to him, Amen. He he wants us, he wants to look that we're not just giving out of what we have of an abundance, but we're given our all. No matter if we don't think we have anything else to live in on or we don't and I'm not even talking about monetary value right now. I'm talking about our lives that we give everything that we have to him and for his kingdom. And brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Remember Jesus seen a widow passing one day where the rich men was putting in much of what they had because they had much and they were putting in the treasury and and the widow passed by and maybe a couple of little hungry children walking by her side and but she gave everything she had about two two widows might or two pennies and and Jesus said, "Who paid the most?" He said, "Now, if I would have been standing there, I would have said, you know, don't do that, sister. you know, we got plenty of money, but he never stopped her. He knew he had something greater for her down the road. Hallelujah. I believe that that's what God wants. Amen. And he wants to see us willing to sacrifice what we want or our dreams or what we want to do because he knows if we're willing to do that, he has something greater for us down the road. And I I believe something greater is more than even a better job or a better home or or or lands or money or temporary values. But God will has something greater for us down the road. Amen. What's greater than a body change? What's greater? Amen. Than a home that never goes in disrepair any longer or or the moths don't inhabit or the or the fungus don't eat down. Amen. A house that will not decay. I I tell you that's something greater that's right down the road for the believers. But it takes everything that we have. We have to be willing to lay aside the little things in our lives. And Amen. or or the big things, whatever it is to surrender to God's will. Amen. You know, he said, "If I'd have been standing there, I'd have said, "Don't do that, sister." You know, we got plenty of money. We we got it taken care of. But he never stopped her. See, he knew something was greater for her down the road. And and we can take that over again to the widow there. Amen. the gentile widow that the prophet of God would come to and she would give of her last meal and and and you know if she would not have gave of that last meal offering if she would not have gave that last bit of that she had to survive on amen she would have never got to the well or to the barrel that wouldn't run dry she'd have never got to the place where the oil would have never ran dry amen but so because she was willing to give her all she knew when I give this is all I got when I give this. There's nothing left. There's nothing there I can I can I can re uh I I can come back to and I can depend on on my own. I'm laying everything out there before God. And that's that's where we got to come before God. We have to be willing, amen, that we're not leaving a little reserve or we're not leaving a little something later we can depend upon or later we can go back to, but we're laying it all out there upon the altar of God and saying, "God, consume this sacrifice." And it's not I'm not giving it because I got a lot to give or I got a lot of abilities or I got a lot of a lot of things I can give. But I'm giving it because I want to give my all. I believe that's a wonderful thing that we can be in this age that we're living in. A people who's willing to give their all. They're willing to give their all to Jesus Christ. I I look at a world that's submitting their minds and their bodies and their thinking to the and giving their all to the spirits of hell and it's coming out of them and it's it's permeating out of their lives. But what about a people who's willing to give themselves completely totally surrendered under the power of God that it doesn't matter what comes or what goes. I surrender everything that I have. I surrender my dreams. I surrender my my my wealth. I surrender what few pennies I got. Whatever it is, I give my all. Amen. This is where he what he desires and what he looks for. He you know he said but if I'd have been there I'd have said don't do that. He said but she had something right down the road. He said another place he said I wish I was financially able. Talking about giving to meetings you know to never have to mention an offering. He said I have to mention it somehow. Uh because he said, "I did that one time by a great check that somebody was giving me more than I thought that should be given. I wouldn't accept it." So the brother said, "Well, I tell you what I'll do. I'll just take the check and if you come and go to the meeting, Amen. take up one offering anything." I said, "That's fine. I'll do it." And he's he's talking about offering. I did that and it was not a success. He says, "People has to have something in the meeting." Come on now. people has to have something in the meeting. Now, he's talking about money, but it's beyond just money. Come on. It's beyond just money. It's beyond just a few cents you got in your pocket or or a few dollars you got in the bank. Amen. That's Amen. Everybody must have something, Amen. invested in every service. Amen. It must be something that they're willing to surrender or they're willing to give up or they're willing to lay down. Amen. that God can come down and have preeminence in that service and in that place. He said, "I, you know, I did that one time and it wasn't a great success." He says, "People has to have something in a meeting. It's their meeting." Amen. We're a little bit low in numbers this this evening that we're normally used to on a Wednesday night, but it's still our meeting tonight. It's our meeting that we can meet face to face with God and we can have a conference with him and we can have a moment with him and we can have our time to come drop what we have in the offering plate. Amen. And like I said, I'm not talking about your jingle in your pocket. Amen. I'm talking about what's inside of you. Amen. That we have something to offer to God. We're always wanting something back from God. We want this and we want that. We want joy. We want happiness. We want peace. We want this. Amen. But God is looking for us to have something to give back to him. And that's in every service that we're willing to lay our pride and our our thoughts and how insignificant we may feel. Amen. Do you know what this woman must have felt like when she come in there and she dropped two little, you know, two little mites in there about a cent's worth and people were dropping hundreds and they were dropping this and rich men of the world were doing this. But God looked at that and said that woman gave more because she gave her all. Come on now. Amen. How why does God look at us when we come to the house of God? Does he look at us because we got the this or we got that. Or does he look at us and say that person gave everything. Amen. That person laid everything down. Therefore, I can come and move upon their hearts. Amen. He said because if you don't, it's not a success. People have to have something in the meeting. It's your meeting. They meet me on the street and they ask what's the matter with this meeting? We haven't we haven't got no part into it. They don't even take up an offering. So an offering is part of worship. Amen. An offering is part of worship. Amen. You know, he says, I know more than ever since the other day when I was going to give what had Wright had given to me, and she she was a poor little woman. She gave $20 to towards a building fund and she had pledged it towards this new tabernacle in Jeffersonville. and I was going to give it back to her because I knew she couldn't afford it. I knew that that she didn't really have it to give. And I knew there's others maybe maybe there were others that had something more to give and they could give more and maybe she wouldn't have to. But if she didn't give a be a part, if she couldn't give a part, she wouldn't be a part. Come on. But he said, "I found out just a little later why God stopped me from giving it back to her." Come on, somebody. Amen. We know the story. He went over to her house to give her that money. And while they're there, they're fellowshipping around the things of God. And he's telling them what had happened in the woods. And he's telling them about the squirrels that were created. And all of a sudden, out of Hadr Wright's lips came, "That's nothing but the truth. And God looked at her and said, "This woman has given ma her all." And brother said, "A super anointing came into the place and said, you tell her to ask what she will and it'll be given back to her." And we know the story. He said, "If you want a million dollars, I believe there'll be a million dollars sitting here on this table. If you want your sister to be healed, I believe she'd be healed in just a few moments." But God knew the heart. God looked in there and knew she wanted more than just a temporary million dollars or temporary healing. She wanted the salvation of her two boys. Amen. And because she had given her all and responded to the word of God, God came on her thing and brought it back a 100 or a thousand or a millionfold. See, God will always give back more than you give. Amen. He he he's never he's never been indebted to no one. I've seen it happen over and over. God always give back more than you give. You give more of your time, God always give more back. You give more of your love, God always give more back. Come on. Amen. You give more of mercy and you give more grace. God will always give more back. Amen. You give more of yourself and your pride. Amen. God will always repay more back. God will give you a spirit of love and happiness and joy. Amen. God will place something on you. Amen. More than what you could ever think or ask. This is the kind of God that we serve. He will never be indebted to no one. If you can't give but two might as long as it's all you can give. Now tonight, if you can give a hundred bucks, you better give it all. I'm talking more than money right now. I'm talking about what you can give in a service. Amen. Amen. We need a couple of hundred bucks tonight. We need some mics. We need some things. We need people to cash in and say, "God, I I I want to give everything that I have because I know that you're you're a rewarder to them that diligently seek you. And if I give my whole heart, if I give my whole effort, if I give everything that I have, you will reward according to what I have given and little as much when God is in it. Could you imagine the mind battles this woman went through? She didn't have much. She wasn't the, of course, the riches that came into the tabernacle. God's not looking upon how rich you are financially speaking. Thank God. If if getting over there depended on how much money I had here, I'd be one of the last in line. Come on. Elon Musk or one of them other fellas, they'd be way up ahead of us. But it ain't about the money that we got here. Amen. It's not about how much money you got in this church or how much how much uh uh uh how how big a job you got and how much affluence you have. That's not what it's about. What it's about is how much have you surrendered to him? How much have you given to him? How much have you laid yourself on the on the altar of God? He says, see, he said, I believe, he said, I of course I don't believe in begging. I don't believe in begging people or just but just tell people and let it be like that. He said, God takes care of the rest of it. He sure does. he if he puts it on somebody's heart. But many times I think you'll put it up on their heart to do something and then I've turned around and conflicted that by saying, "No, I wouldn't take it. No sir, I wouldn't do it." And I think about Jesus with that little widow putting all of her living. Amen. A couple of cents, a th and thousands of dollars a rich man had put in. But he never stopped her. He let her go on because he knew what he was going to do for her later. Amen. Now, I don't know if the Bible ever records what he did for her later, but I can promise you if God saw her giving her all, God has a place for her tonight. God has a place that has Amen. all the things she ever had need of and so much more than she could ever think. Amen. God has that afforded unto her because he saw her giving everything she had. If we could do that tonight, if we could, it's not just about the preacher getting up and giving everything he has and laying out himself before the Lord and laying himself out and yielding himself. No sir, it's about all of us yielding ourselves to God so God can come down and God can speak and God can touch and God can heal and God can say and God can fill with the Holy Ghost. It takes all of us laying out our own. I don't care if it is nothing but a widow's might. But Satan wants to make you think sometimes what I just you're so insignificant. This woman thought no doubt had those thoughts in her mind. I'm just insignificant. Nobody's my little two cents or my little two mightes is not really going to make that much a difference. If you give your all, it always makes a difference. It doesn't matter how little it is. It doesn't matter how insignificant you might think it is. If it's your all, it makes a difference. If it's your all in a service, it always makes a difference. You know, the story is often as we listen looking at this is called the story of the widow's might or the story of the widow's offering. But here Jesus is sitting with his disciples as we read and he's he's sitting there apparently close to where the treasury is because he can watch things are taking place and he's watching people depositing money and and here here were these receptacles there for people to put money in. And Jesus watched as the rich, you know, were bringing in big large sums of money in. But here comes this little woman with two coins in her hands. One place would call them two small copper coins which makes a penny. The King James version calls them mites. Just a little something. These were the smallest denominations of coins. The widow put her coins in the box and Jesus called his disciples to him and put pointed out her action. Do you understand what took place? She'd done something that caused Jesus to respond. Come on now. It didn't look like much. It wasn't much compared to others as far as outwardly looking and outwardly counting and and counting up the money and counting up the It didn't look like much. But what she did caused Jesus to respond to her or respond or talk about her or look her way or or notice what she was doing or notice what she was going through or noticing her struggles or noticing her situation. You want Jesus to notice you? Amen. You have to be willing to lay it all on the line that I don't know how I'm going to make it tomorrow, but I know he promised he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the same God that brought me to today will be there for me tomorrow. Even though I've laid it all out there, and I've given all I've got, and I ain't got nothing else to give, I know my God's a provider. I know my God is more than able for any situation. It does not matter what I'm going through. God's able. Jesus watched. Yeah, it shows you that he's a god of details because he would later he would speak or maybe before somewhere in the scripture there he tells of the story about the eyes of God are always on the sparrow. It's the smallest in most insignificant bird. It's almost nothing compared to the beauty of other birds that no doubt have greater beauty and maybe better songs and a better abilities and worth more and a and more value and you know a greater Sorry, Sister Ruth. says Ruth been get she gotten into bird watching and so there's some birds on her list she really wants to see but I I mean she sees sparrows and they're they're common and and you know you don't think much about them and and and usually they're they can be a pest and you sometimes want to get rid of them just being honest. Amen. So in our eyes maybe they don't seem to be so significant but apparently in God's eyes they are cuz he said not even a sparrow can fall to the ground. without the heavenly father knowing about it. So he's a god of small. He's a god of insignificance. He's a god, amen, that when you feel like nobody notices and nobody cares and I don't have the prettiest song and I ain't got the best abilities and I can't do this and I can't be the I can't play the piano or I can't sing a lick. Amen. That's not what God desires. Sure, God loves good music and God loves good singing and God loves good worship, but God wants our all. Amen. I've seen some people with the most beautiful voices that God couldn't use them a lick. Why? Cuz they could not give their all. Come on, somebody. I saw people that was good ministers that God couldn't use them. Why? Cuz God, they was not willing to lay it all out upon the altar or lay it out there where God could come and do what he need what he does. But we look at it that God is the God of the insignificant. I I I think that probably should made somebody shout because the devil is always trying to make you feel very insignificant. Well, I don't get I don't I don't do as much at the church that so and so does or I I I don't have my I don't have a place. You know, we we we get that weird feeling sometimes. But God is not worried about a place. Come on. He's worried about a surrendered heart, a soul that he can use. Amen. Some of the most powerful people in a church is people you don't realize or recognize what they do, but in their homes, Amen. in their prayer closets. Amen. Bombs are going off. Amen. Demons are being defeated. And And we may not even recognize it or see it. Oh, we see brother so and so, he does this. Or sister so and so, she sings like this. Or brother, brother this brother, he preaches like this. If I could just be like that. No. God called you to be you. And you might feel insignificant tonight, but God is apparently wanting you to know he's watching you. His eyes upon you. If his eyes upon a little bitty bird, don't you know that somebody he created to be in his image, he is watching you. He is taking care of you. He is looking over you. He is watching every step of the way. And this God will be truthful and faithful. He will not leave you. He will not forsake you. You might fall to the ground, but he'll know about it. And he'll come by and he'll pick you up. You might stumble. You might you might get depressed, but he'll know about it. And he'll send something along to raise you up out of there. This woman She gives two of those little coins. Where's that coin at about right now? Right there, brother Daryl. Two little two little coins. So, did it did it look like much to you? I dare say most every I'd say everybody to would have more than that. Even the child has more than that in their piggy bank. Smallest denomination of coins. And the widow put her coins into the box. And Jesus said called his disciples together and pointed out her actions. Pointed her out. Pointed her out and said, "Truly I tell you, this poor widow has put more in the treasury than all the others." Not just one of the others. All of the others. Do you see where she ranks in the kingdom of God? Amen. That's where it's important. Where you rank in his eyes. Amen. Did he see you and say you're worthy? Amen. Did he see you and say, "Yes, you're worth me coming down and giving my life for." I say he does. Amen. I say he did. Amen. I believe he looked at you in his very own image and said, "That's my son. That's my daughter." Sure, Satan may have got them all scarred up, messed up, tore up, tangled up, but I got a blood that'll loose them and set them free. Amen. That'll lift them up into a place where they really belong. And God saw you, a wounded, broken winged sparrow looks so insignificant to anybody else walking by, but God rich in mercy. There's a couple of things. the story as we look at it. First, God sees what man overlooks. Man sees the outward things, you know, of, you know, oh, wow, he's he's a great preacher. He's a great singer. He's a great musician. She is. That's what we see, you know. And then we get these ideas that we're being spiritual. And I don't I don't know why I'm going here, but we're being spiritual because we got our ranking of our favorite preachers and ranking of the That ain't nothing about being spiritual. That's about being pre have preferences. Come on. Right. Amen. That ain't how God does it. God's not looking at this. Oh, Timothy PR, he's one of my favorite preachers because he does he No, he's not looking at it that way. He's looking at things men don't see. He's looking at hearts on the inside and what they're willing to lay down and what they're willing to give up and what they're willing amen to lay there and say, "You know what? I I'm not interested. This not this is not what I want to give it all to him. I want to lay it all at his feet." See, God sees what man overlooks. Amen. The big gifts in the temple were surely noticed by people. Well, look at brother so and so. He gave $1,000. And look at this one. Wow. Look at all that money dropping in there. And look at this. And meanwhile, this insignificant widow's walking by and she drops two little mites. Nobody says anything. Nobody says good job. Nobody says, "Wow, we appreciate you. You done you done done a lot for us." Nobody says it. But the king of heaven saw her and that's all that matters. See, it's not important what that other people see you. There's a lot of things people do I I've I've marveled that you find out later that they done in life that you would have never known what they done. There's many of men that are filthy rich that you would look at them and you would never guess in a hundred years they was a rich man. You matter of fact, as far as you was concerned, they was nothing but a bum. But yet they had done things. They had done things out of sight, out of mind. and they had built wealth and they had built the abilities to buy land and this that and the other. I I had that I had that happen as far as working for somebody some one day I was going to as when I was doing some remodeling and I was going to remodel this kitchen. So I gave her this lady a price and come back. She called me back a couple months later. She said, "Hey, I want you to come back and relook over this with me because I got a lot more work." And I said, "Okay." So I come over there and she she went she wanted her whole house redone. And I thought, "Man, what's what's changed here?" you know, cuz she was first telling me, you know, watch the price and watch this and watch that. Now I want my whole house. And I said, "Well, what? Apparently something's changed." She said, "Well, you ain't going to believe this." He said, "I I I me and my other two cousins. We had this fourth cousin. We're all was we didn't have no siblings, but we had each other as cousins." And said, "We was always really close." And and I think it was three girls and this one man. And this man had passed away. And they get called to judgment as far as the reading of the will. And they have no idea that this man has land all over Clayurn, Webster, all all over Louisiana. He has land everywhere. He has money in the bank. And they were close to him. They had been around him. They had went out to suppers together. They had went to parties together. They had done a lot of things as as they even as they would if they were brothers and sisters naturally speaking. But amen, there was just cousins. But they spent all this time. And she said, "We were just stunned. We our our mouths were hanging over open because we had no idea. And I think that's the way it's going to get when we get on the other side. Brother, I believe he spoke about it. He said there'll be people there that you didn't expect and people there that that ain't there that you did expect. Amen. Because why? We look on the outward things, but God's looking in the inward heart. He's seeing the hidden things of our lives and the hidden deepest secrets. And sometimes we may not know that this person, amen, has the riches and and is in the presence of God and done the things of God because they ain't like a bunch of Pharisees is just out. Look at me what I've done. Look at this what I've done. But God sees it and that's all that matters. Jesus saw what no one else saw. He saw the humble gift of a poor widow woman. This was the gift that Jesus thought worthy of comment to say something to put her in red letter words. This was the gift that disciples he thought the disciples needed to be aware of. So he would bring it to their attention. The other gift in the treasury that day made a lot of noise as they jingled. But the widow's might were heard in heaven. Come on, somebody. Amen. It ain't about making a bunch of noise here on earth. I I want you to understand that that's not what our service is about. It's not about a bunch of noise. It's about it reaching heaven and heaven hearing our cry and heaven responding to it. God's evaluation is different from man's. You know, the widow's two might added up to a penny according to man's tabulation. But Jesus said that she had given more than anyone else that day. How could this be? You know when when many rich men threw in large amounts, the difference was it was the proportion. If you got a million dollars and you throw in a thousand, that's really not much money compared to the million dollars, right? Is my math mathing? If you have a million dollars and you pick out a thousand bucks, that's about like you you having a thousand bucks and throwing in a penny somewhere close to that $10. And so as far as proportion wise compared to what they were worth to what they were given, this is why Amen. It matter it mattered more to God because he saw amen she gave her whole portion. She gave everything that she had. Jesus said that she had given more than anyone else that day. Amen. The rich were given large sums, but they still retained enough to make sure their futures were taken care of. That the next day they could pay their water bills and the next day they could they could do whatever and the next day they could buy this piece of land and the next day we're going to do this and we got plans and we got that. So, I can't I I got I got this money ready for a certain place. No, again, I want you to understand I'm talking about more than just money tonight. Money is not my subject. It's what portion do we give of ourselves? Good. Brother Brandham said if you'll give 50, he'll take 50%. You give 60, he'll take it. If you give 70, he'll take. But he desires a 100%. He desires everything that we have. Amen. The difference is the proportion of what the rich had given compared to what the widow had given. She put in everything. She put in all she had to live on. Come on, somebody. If we can just every service make this declaration. I'm putting in everything. I'm not saving some strength for tomorrow. I'm not worried about tomorrow. I'm putting in everything. I'm laying it all out there so God can have the glory in my life. hers was a true sacrifice. That's why the Bible would say we're to give a sacrifice of praise. Understand? When you feel like praising and you praise, that's praising. But when you don't feel like praising and you praise, that's a sacrifice of praise. Amen. When you don't feel like lifting your hands and you lift them anyway, you don't feel like lifting your voice and you do it anyhow. You don't feel like getting into the service and you do it anyhow. That is a sacrifice. You came to church tonight. Some of you probably didn't feel like it, but you came anyhow. That is a sacrifice. We came in spite of the bad weather. That is a sacrifice. put in everything. Another thing to take from it is God commands giving in faith here. You know, this woman was no doubt in need of receiving charity. I mean, you try living on two pennies. No doubt she needed charity, but yet she had faith to give. Even though the amount even though the amount was negligible and why what could a widow's might buy? She gave it in faith that God could use what she gave. This is why you give it so God can use it. This is why you lay it there. So God can use what you give. The widow's faith is also evident in the fact that she gave the last of her money. It's easy. Well, we get into paying ti. It's easy to pay ti when you see, well, I got enough left over. I have to pay tithe to pay bills. I I got enough to go out to eat and I got enough to do this and I Yeah, I can go ahead and give my tithe. That ain't what he said. He said, "Bring a tenth into the al into the offering of God. Give give of it first." He required it of slaves when they first come out of Egypt. Hello. Oh, he didn't wait till they got rich and they got land and they got they got all kinds of things that they they had the abilities to give give money. No, he he he required it of slavery. They had just come out of slavery and they they didn't have a bunch and they didn't have lands and they didn't have all the But he said, "If you'll give, I'll bless you more than you give." We've seen it over and over and over. If you'll lay it out there, God is a God who will not just repay it, but he'll give you more than you could ever think or ask. She gave away her last means of self-s support. Well, that's a hard one right there because we we like to have that support. Self-support, make our way, you know, and do our thing. Does that mean the widow left the temple completely destitute and went home and died of starvation? No. The Bible teaches that God provides for our needs. So he could not teach that without providing for her. We may not know the story as far as it written out in history and say and be able to say, "Oh, look at there. She got this, that, and the other." But God took care of her. How do you know, brother Timothy? Because his word says he does. Amen. His word said that he would take care of our needs and her situation. The Bible shows us that he's a God that provides for our needs. We don't know the details of this particular woman's future, but we can be certain she was provided for. We can be certain that she is provided for. We can be certain that today she's not destitute and that she's not wandering out around in the realms of the lost, but God made a way for her. We can be certain. One person speaking about this said, "It's interesting that Jesus commented on the widows, but before he commented about her might, he commented on the scribes, saying they devour widows houses." The religious officials of the day, instead of helping the widow in need, were perfectly content to rob them of their livelihood and inheritance. The system was corrupt. The darkness of the scribes greed makes the widow's sacrifice even shine even more brightly. God loves a cheerful giver. And let me say, it's better to be able to give. The Bible says it's better to give than to receive. Right? You know what that really means? It's better to be in the position to give than have to be in the position to receive. Get you get it? It's better that you're in the place that you can give of what God has given you than instead of being in a position and having to beg or having to call or having a need. Amen. It's better to be in this place. God is faithful to take care of his own. The weaker we are, the greater the glory is that will rebound to him. You know, it was it's in the little things. It was in a weak broken or a weak withered up rod of Moses and he would take that rod and he would destroy the works of Egypt. It it was it was in the weakness of Gideon when he was forced Amen. to acknowledge of his weakness and his and his past defeats and come to a place that God could use him like never before. He didn't use him with great numbers and great armies. Matter of fact, he brought a great army together and God said, "You got too many. Got too much." You went down, whittleled them all down till they got to 300. And God said, "Now I can use you." Because you know why? God's not interested in us getting the glory. It's not about our own glory and our own. That's what church church is not about our own glory. It's not about what I've done or haven't done. It's about what God has done. One stone, little stone shot from a a sling, defeated a seemingly invincible giant, and caused the whole army of Philistines to flee. One stone. It was one boy's lunch that fed 5,000 men plus women and children. One boy's lunch, but he was willing to give his all. He was willing to lay it down. And but in each case, these examples represent common everyday things which the intervention of intervention of God turned into something extraordinary. It was God who would use the weaknesses of men and bring victory in their lives. This is what he wants. He's not looking for strong men or, you know, just strong, you know, dependent on their own strength and abilities. Listen, God will get us sometimes on the flat of our back for we'll realize it ain't about you, oh boy. It's about me. And I have you in control. And if you'll lay yourself down and submit, I can do great things through you. This is what he's looking for. This is what he's wanting. He's wanting somebody that can have the faith. Well, I want great faith. We'll just start out with the faith of a widow. Just use this for an example. that one of our own our own present day widows, Sister Barbara Ristler, was left with an insurmountable task. A widow woman with 12 children, youngest just weeks old. But the testimony is that she depended on God. There'd be times when the w the electricity was about to be cut off and all of a sudden a random mail would random check would come in the mail just enough to cover it. God moved in insurmountable ways and in unthinkable ways to provide for them and to bring them to a place. And you know what the amazing thing of it was? That when she got older in her old age and her death that she could testify, I've never seen the righteous forsaken or the or his seed begging bread and in her death and in her at her death that she was able to give money to another widow. Come on. Why? Because God had provided every step. Listen, he's not he's not just enough. He's more than enough. He's Jehovah Gyra. He'll take care of you when you ain't got nothing else and you've laid it all down. You say, "Father, here it is. You're just in a place God can take you and use you for his glory." Have the faith of a widow that's by our hearts. Maybe you feel like you're down to your last two mites. Go ahead and put them in the offering for his glory. I'm down to my last ounce of strength, brother Timothy. Put it in his offering for his glory. And see if he won't respond to you. If he responded to that one, he'll respond to you. If you're willing to give your [Music] all. Wonder how many tonight say, [Music] "Lord, I want to put my two might in. I want to give up my all, Lord. Lay it at your feet. Realize it ain't about me. It's about you for your glory and for your honor. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, just in these last few moments, dropping this into my heart, just trying to follow you, knowing it's not about what we want to preach or what we want to do or what we want to say. It's about you, God. We just ask Lord that you would use this little thought to spur someone to realize that they have a God who's watching them and he sees it even though nobody else sees it. Nobody else may say good job. Nobody else may say thank you. Nobody else may say any words of recognition of praise. Lord, that's not what matters to a true believer. All we are looking for is for your approval to be approved by God that you can respond to us in our time of need, in our situation. We love you, Lord. You've seen the hands that were lifted all over this building. Father, we just ask God, you just touch each heart and each life by your glory and grace in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. I [Music] surrender all to you. Everything I give everything. Let's stand together. Everything I give to you. Oh, withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. I don't want to hold nothing back, Lord. Withholding nothing. I surrender. I surrender all to you. To you. Everything I give to you, oh Jesus, withholding nothing. withholding nothing. Oh, I surrender. Oh yes, Lord. I surrender all to all to you. Everything I give to you. Oh, withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. With withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. [Music] I surrender all to you. Everything I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding [Music] nothing. Withholding nothing. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can. Oh, here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. And Lord, I've long to see your desires revealed in me. And I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself away. Give myself away. Oh, I give myself away, Lord. So you. Oh, can you say, "Take my heart, Lord. Take my heart. Oh, take my life as a living sacriice. Oh my dreams and all my plans, Lord, I place them in your Oh, I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself [Applause] away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Cuz I want to be holy, rightuous in your image, in your likeness. For you are holy. You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I want to be loved. Say it again. I want to be [Music] holy. [Music] [Applause] Oh. Yes. I want to be holy. [Music] rightous in your image, in your likeness. For you are holy. You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I long to be like you. I want to be [Music] holy. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, [Music] holy. Oh, draw me Lord and draw me. Call me. Oh, lead me. I will follow. I surrender. Oh, [Music] surrender. Take me deep. Oh, is that your cry tonight? Take me deeper, Lord. [Applause] Say, Lord, draw me. Oh call me and lead me. I will follow. I surrender. Oh surrender me deeper. Take me higher. [Music] expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. We won't be satisfied. We won't be sisfied till it invade our lives. Oh move, oh God. Oh, move. Oh, God. I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting [Applause] I'm expecting anticipating. of pain. A move of God. A move. Say, I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating. Anticipating the move of God. The [Music] move and mighty you are. Holy you are. Your mercy endurth forever more. Oh righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God. Say mighty you are. Oh mighty you are holy you are. Your mercy endure forever more. Oh righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord my God. Mighty you are holy. You are your mercy endure. Oh yes, Lord. Righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. and we're thankful for the word of the Lord tonight. And Amen. A call to give our all to him. Amen. We want to announce that there will be a communion and footwashing directly following the service on Sunday. There will not there will not be a a a meal after that, just the communion and footwashing only. So come prepared for that. Also want to continue to remember the needs that were mentioned today. Each one of them as you go about your week. Keep them in prayer. Be in prayer for the service on Sunday. We had a shorter service this evening. Thankful that we had storms that just pushed aside in time for the service tonight and supposed to be some more coming through. So going to let you go ahead and be dismissed soon so you can get out and get back home before those do. But thankful that the window was open for the service tonight that God could move and Amen. Let's just go singing that song and believe he's a mighty God. Amen. Mighty you are holy. You are your mercy endureth forever more. and righteous you are. Oh, great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God. For you alone, for you alone are God. And there is no one else like you. So let the nations declare oh that you have done great things. Oh mighty you are. Yes. Holy you are. Oh, your mercy endures. Oh, forever more and righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord. My God, my king, mighty you. Amen. God bless you as you go. Holy you are. Mercy endure. Oh, forever more. Righteous you are and great you are. Will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king. Lord, I give [Music] you. I give you my [Music] soul. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my [Music] soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake. Oh, have your Lord I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away. Oh, have your way in me. [Music]
