################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Faith in the Faithful Creator - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June 8, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Faith in the Faithful Creator - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June 8, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeBfC2Slfcw
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus I surrender all. Oh [Applause] Jesus, I I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. Oh, can we sing that again, too? Say, I surrender. Oh, Jesus. I I surrender all. Oh Jesus, I surrender all. Oh Jesus, I surrender all the kingoms of all Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all the kingoms of my heart and in my life. Oh Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today in everything. Oh, in everything I say and do, be glorified. Be glorified in everything I say and do. Be glorified today in my life, Lord. Oh, in my love. Oh, be glorified. Yes, be glorified in my life. Oh Lord, be glorified today. Oh, draw me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running. You alone are all I need. And you alone are all I need. For you are my destiny. And you alone are all I need. In you alone I am [Music] complete. Oh draw me. Draw me Lord. I'll come running. Oh, after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. Oh, I'll come running. Say it again. Draw me, Lord. Oh, draw me. Draw me, Lord. Oh, I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. And bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Oh, worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship. Amen. 10,000 reasons your name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, we worship your holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, we worship your holy. The sun comes up. In the sun comes up. It's a new day. Oh, it's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever rise before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. You're rich in love. For you're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, we worship your holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship you. Oh, bless the Lord and bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. I worship your holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, I worship your holy name. I worship your holy name. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, let's all stand and sing it to him now. You are awome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives praise. You are awesome. Oh mighty God. Say you're awesome. You are awome in this place. Mighty God, Lord, you're awesome. Oh, ab father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Oh, as I come into your presence and as I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance, see the fullness of your grace. I could only bow down and [Applause] say, Lord, you're awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome. Oh, ab father. You are worthy of all praise. Oh yes, Lord. You're awesome in this place, mighty God. We'll sing it one more time. You're awesome. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You're awesome. In this place of the father, you are worthy of all praise. You are awesome. Mighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. The Lord is wonderful. Amen. We want to welcome each one here. here this morning. I know there's a few visitors that are here. Want to make you welcome this morning. Amen. Just want to bind together and worship the Lord. Give him all the praise that he's worthy of. Amen. Amen. Just take a moment and tell him thank you for all that he's done. Amen. I ask brother David Dexter if you'd come open the service for us in prayer as he comes. Want to continue to remember to pray for Sister Sharon Baxter. She had the surgery u earlier this week and has been recovering doing better but ask that we'd continue to remember her in prayer. Also, brother Tim is away ministering in Ohio this morning. Want to remember the services there as well as brother Joe in New Mexico. Brother Aaron is in Virginia. So, everybody's traveling all over the country today, but certainly certainly happy to be here this morning putting our licks of fire together and amen. Let's just go to him together in prayer. If you have a need you want to lift to the Lord and say, "Father, come by my way." I know there's many, many serious needs this morning. God sees every one of them. Amen. Amen. Let's just go to prayer. Father, we thank you for another day that we could come and worship you in spirit and in truth. Thank you for your minister that's in the back that's already prepared. Father, ask that you just anoint him today, Lord. that you just use him in a mighty way, Lord. Not knowing what he's going to speak on, but just knowing that you have the service and control. You know, each one that would be here today, Father. Lord, you're a God that's rich in mercy. Like that quote on the wall is showing there. Lord, such a wonderful sermon. Just makes me think, Lord, of the the story of that lieutenant that heard there was a Zar coming and he was going to look over his regiment and he'd done so much wrong. He'd stolen money from the government and he was there in just an awful place and he sat down to make it all right and wrote down everything that he'd done wrong. And at the end he put a note. He said, "A great debt. Who could pay it?" And that morning he fell asleep with a gun beside him to he was going to kill himself when he woke up. While he while he slept, the zar came, saw him sleeping, and at the bottom of the note, he wrote Nicholas and left the money. Resolved all dissolved all the debt of that man. Lord, and there's one greater Lord. No matter the debt, no matter what we have today, no matter the sinner in our midst and what they the things they look upon and they say, "How could I ever get past this? How could it ever be paid off in full?" There's one Jesus Christ greater than all the debt that they could have accumulated. And you already wrote your name, signed it in blood, paid it all, and all to you we owe today. Father, we just love you, Father. Ask you'd come down in the service, Lord. We just give ourselves to you. We welcome you, Father. Lord, if there's anything today that's been done, anything said through the week, Lord, that would grieve you, Lord. Ask that you just forgive us, Lord, that you would just feel welcome, welcome to come into this place, Lord God. We invite you, Lord. I expect, Lord, that the services going on around the country today that you would just be in them, Lord. You'd use Brother Tim. You'd use Brother Joe, Brother Aaron, Lord God, that just reach the lost, meet the needs of your people wherever they would be, Father. Lord, that you're that kind of a God. You do all things well. You meet all the needs, Lord. And we're just expecting you to do that today, Father. We love you, Father. Ask that you just come now. deal with each heart that's here. Father, if there's a sinner in our midst, Lord, I ask that they'd just experience you, Lord, like they never have in their life. Lord, you'd be so close, so near, and they'd realize that you have love, deep love for them and your desire is that they would be right and in fellowship with you. We just love you, Father. Give ourselves to you, give the service to you. Each song, Lord, we just ask that you just be pleased with everything. Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. [Music] Amen. And the brothers can take up the offering this morning. And as they do, uh, brother David was mentioning in his prayer that it was signed in his blood. Ask sister Laura Burns if she would get ready to sing that song. There is a blood. Amen. Do you believe that there is a blood that causes the blind to see, causes the sick to be healed? Amen. Amen. Amen. How many's wake this morning? Amen. Amen. Amen. Keep G. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Just before she sings this song, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, free from sin. Free to live. Now I am. Oh, it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, how great was the debt that I owe. Bound to pay for the seeds I had sown. Hope in Jesus my Lord. A great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, paid in full. Oh, of the lamb and free from sin. Free to live. Now I am. Oh, it reads, "Oh, where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood." Oh, sing that other verse again. And oh, how great was the debt that I owe. Oh, bow to pay for the sin I had sown. But in Jesus my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, it's paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, free from sin. Oh, now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down by the blood. Amen. Amen. You can be seated for just a moment. [Music] That cost a life that paid my [Music] way down from the cross. My sins were gone. My sins forgot. There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me life. But in three days he breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. And so I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that it dries every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that sides the blind that heals the sick and the lonely he finds. It has the [Music] power to free the bound as chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out to cleanse my soul and let his faith glory flow because he lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I owe my all. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he [Music] dries every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Oh, one can wash away my sin. Nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Applause] [Music] And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow and no other found I know nothing but the blood of Jes. [Music] Jesus. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for [Music] [Applause] you. Hallelujah. Amen. We can say thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail. pierce hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Oh worthy is the lamb. Oh, seated on the throne. And we crown you now with many crowns. You reign [Music] victorious. Lord, you're high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of [Music] God, the maker of heaven, [Music] crucified. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. And thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave of me. ing grace and thank you for this love. Oh yes Lord, thank you for the name. The nail pierced hands wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and your [Music] embrace. Oh worthy is the lamb and seated on the throne. [Music] Oh, we've crowned you now with many crowns. You reign [Music] victorious. The Lord, you're high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven cruise. Say, "Worthy, worthy is the lamb." Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] I need your glory. I want your glory. Less of me and more of you is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I Oh, can we say it again? I need I need your glory, Lord. I want your glory. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less of me and more of you is what I need. And so many times I've walked away, rejecting your love and warm embrace. I realize I need you more and more each day. I need your [Music] glory. I want your glory. Less of me and more of you is what I need. Oh, show me your glory. Show me your power. Less of me and more of you is what? Oh, take all my pride. Yes. Take all my pride, my selfish ways. Break me down so you remain. Empty me of all that's vain. Till you alone are in this [Music] place. I want your glory. I want your glory. lesser me and more of you what I need. Lord, show me your glory. Show me your power. Less of me and more of you is what I said again. I want your glory. I need your glory. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I [Applause] need. Show me your glory. Oh yes, Lord. Less of me, more of you is what I need. [Music] How [Applause] great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, and all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing it again. How great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see how great. Oh, how great. Yes, he's the name above all names. Oh, he's the name above all names. Oh, worthy of. Yes, Lord. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, sing it again. Name above all names. Yes, he's the name above all names. He's worthy of Oh yes, you are Lord and my heart will sing. Amen. Let's all stand and sing that now. How great is our God. Oh, he's the name. Yes, he's the name above all names. Oh, and worthy of all praise. Oh, my heart will sing how great is our [Music] God. And I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend. He calls me [Applause] friend. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend. He calls me friend. Who am I? Oh, who am I that you are mindful of me? Oh, that you hear me. Oh, when I call and is it true you are thinking, oh, how you love [Applause] me? Oh, it's amazing. So [Music] amazing. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of you. Oh, I am a friend. He calls me friend. Say it again. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. God almighty. God Almighty, Lord. Oh, I know you have called me friend. Oh God Almighty, I know you have me pray. I am a friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend. Oh, I am a friend. He calls me friend. Say it one more time. Say I am a friend of God. I am a friend. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me [Music] friend. And I've been to the water. And I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been changed from the creature. blessed. Oh, redeemed is now my name. And I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God for my sins. And though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was found, but today I am free. And I was lost in the darkness. Now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. And I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been free. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God has been changed. When at last in his presence I'll stand above. [Applause] Oh, from my eyes. Oh yes. Beyond the sky. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been reigned. And what a difference it makes. Praise God. Has been changed. Hallelujah. How many has experienced his change in power? Amen. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer today. Father, we just come to you once again, Lord. as a needy people, Father having needs, no doubt, all across this building, Father, situations and things, questions, we just ask, Lord, you'll come and just help us again today as we take these words, Lord, you've laid upon our heart. Just ask, Lord, you'll just open it up, open the book to us today, Lord, and show us things once again, a fresh and a new. Lord, we just ask God you'll feed our hungry souls. We ask it this morning. Bless each heart. Bless each home, each individual that's gathered here. Lord, we ask, Father, you'll just come in a mighty way in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. We turn our Bibles to Genesis 22 verse one. Amen. Also, 1 Peter 4:19. Amen. Says, "And it came to pass after these things that God did tempt Abraham said unto him,"Abraham, and he said, Behold, here am I." And he said, ' Take now thy son, thy only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Mariah, and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains, which I will tell thee of." And Abraham rose up early in the morning and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and claved the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him. Then on the third day, Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place a far off. And Abraham said unto the his young men, "Abide here with the ass, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again unto you." And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son, and took the fire in his hand, and a knife, and they went both of them together. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, "My father." And he said, "Here am I, my son." And he said, "Behold the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?" And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering." So they went both of them together, and they came to the place which God had told him of. And Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood. And Abraham stretched forth his hand and took the knife to slay his son. And the angel of the Lord called unto him out of heaven and said,"Abraham, Abraham." And he said, "Here I am." And he said, "Lay not thy hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him. For now I knowest that thou fierce God. See, and thou was thou hast not withheld thy son, thy only son, from me." And Abraham lifted up his eyes and looked and beheld behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his thorns. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered him up for a burnt offering instead of his son. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra as it is said to this day in the mount of the Lord it shall be seen. Also 1 Peter 4 and verse 19 says, "Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator." Amen. God bless you today. You can be seated. Just like to speak to you for a moment on faith and our faithful creator. Amen. And I'm thankful to have a faithful creator. Amen. But I I want to pick up the story a little bit before where we read from Abraham. And because we know God had given Abraham a promise and when he gave him a promise of a son, Abraham wasn't, you know, a 20-year-old man as we know the story. Uh but he was around 75 years old and his wife, you know, around 65 and told him they was going to have a child. And you know, he made this covenant with Abraham that this was going to happen. And it was an unconditional covenant. It wasn't really dependent on what Abraham could do or what Abraham could not do upon God. And you know, when God makes a covenant between a him and a man and you know, usually the man will break his covenant, but God always keeps his. You know, a man, you know, we know his men, they can they can make deals or make covenants. And generally uh if they if they're not careful, they can break them. But God, if he makes a covenant, he has never broken one promise. And God made this covenant by to himself upon himself. God put it to Abraham and he gave it to Abraham. Not if Abraham would do something, but God said, "I have already done it. It's a finished thing. It's completely wholly done, and it's by grace." And and we know the scripture says that he swore by himself because he could swear by no greater. Not not you will Abraham but I will sayeth the Lord. And and so it was not on conditions at all. It was God's covenant. Not only Abraham but but this covenant was not only to Abraham but to his seed after him. And we know the seed of Abraham the physical seed is the Jewish people. But the covenant, amen, was also not just to his physical seed, but we were also made to be of his spiritual seed of Abraham. And and and we know that as we can read in the Bible, and we don't have time to go into all these little details, but we know the gentile church was that wild olive tree of Ezekiel that was grafted in. And Paul tells us that which is, you know, that which is outwardly is not Jew, but that which is inwardly is Abraham's seed. So outwardly we're gentile, but inwardly we're of Abraham's seed. And we being dead in Christ, we take on the same seed of Abraham and we are heirs according to the same promise or to the same covenant. So the reason we're called Abraham's seed is because that Abraham's seed physically, you know, was speaking of Isaac and and you know, and Isaac was speaking of Christ. And Christ came down and he gave his life for us. And and he sent the Holy Spirit back to us to give us the same life. Amen. Which gives us the same faith that Abraham had when he received the fa I mean the the promise of circumcision. Amen. He believed God and it was imputed on him to righteousness. And and we can read about Abraham and we can see a lot of faults and we can see a lot of failures and we can see a lot of mistakes it would seem. But Amen. But when God would speak about him under the covenant of the lamb that we're under, I mean, the perfect lamb, he would say that Abraham was perfect. Abraham staggered not at the promises of God, but was strong in the faith. And and you know many times we want to the devil wants to come and he wants to point out all of our mistakes and all of our failures and how we've not done this or how we've not obtained this. But we got to understand again it's under an unconditional covenant. Amen. Amen. There is a perfect lamb for our sacrifice. So God is not looking at us this this morning, but God is looking at our sacrifice. And I I don't know about you, but that thrills my heart because I know I don't add up a whole lot of times. I don't reach to the point that I should reach. I don't obtain those places sometime. But I know that that God is not looking at me and my mistakes and my failures, but God is looking at my s at my perfect sacrifice. And so we see that, you know, when we also as Abraham, Amen, as he believed, it was imputed unto him for righteousness. And God gave him a sign, amen, a circumcision to confirm that he had recognized his faith. And today we also believe God with all of our heart and we've we've accepted his sacrifice and therefore God will recognize our faith. Amen. When he recognizes our faith, he sends back the Holy Spirit of promise and seals us unto our day of redemption. Amen. That take that should take all the scare out of us. That should take all the worry out of us that we have now been placed under the same covenant Abraham was placed under. We have been placed under the unconditional covenant that is not what I do is not my works. I have faith in not what I do or what I work. I have faith in a finished work that Christ has already done. Amen. Salvation is not what man can do. Salvation is in what Jesus has already done. Hallelujah. Healing is not in what man can do. Healing is in what God has already provided. Amen. So we see, amen, him sitting now, Jesus now as as sitting at the right hand of God making intercession upon our profession or or our confession. No matter, you know, how much you pray or how much you cry or how much you agonize or how much you do anything, that'll never be accepted. God can only accept your faith. And your faith is accepted upon your confession. And when you make that faith and that confession, then God recognizes it and he begins to act upon it just as he did. Amen. Abraham as he's walking up towards Mount Mariah and he see and and he sees amen in the distance and he and he tells the service to stay there and he says, "Amen, me and the lad were going to go and worship in that mountain, but me and the lad are going to return." Amen. He began to make a confession. and he began to know, amen, God has given me this promise, and God is not going to take this promise from me. He's He's not that kind of person. God's not somebody that'll give you something one day and take it away from you the next. Come on, somebody. Amen. This world can do that. This world can give you joy today and it'll take joy from you tomorrow. Amen. The world around us can take peace or give us peace today, but then tomorrow take it away. But God is not that kind of God. God, when he gives you something, you don't have to worry about him a few days later coming back and taking it back from you. But amen, if God gives you peace, Amen. God will allow you to keep that peace. God gives you joy. He will allow you to keep that joy. Amen. That's why we sing the song, I've got a joy that the world didn't give and the world can't take away. Hallelujah. That's the only way God is. He acts upon our confession. Amen. in the finished work. That's the basis even of divine healing. It is the confession on a finished work. Amen. Now, we know divine healing was included in the atonement and it's for whosoever will. So, amen. If someone even though they may not we we've seen it many times people that doesn't necessarily live a Christian life, but they grab a hold of the faith and that atonement has paid for their healing. Amen. Amen. That atonement and so a prostitute can come up and get healed. Somebody that's not living right can get healed. Why? Because Christ paid in the atonement. All it takes is someone to believe. Amen. So, Amen. So, we find that that that God foreseeing that. Amen. God was foreseeing. And this is what the story that we read today was all about the lamb that was coming. It wasn't about just about Isaac and the situation there. Although, while they were in it, that's what it was about, but it was speaking about or typing a lamb that was to come. Amen. A lamb that would take away sins. Not just cover sins, but take away sins. Amen. That's that that's the reason why we have a place. There was a place called paradise, you know. And they would they had a lamb that would cover their sins. But and it would take them when they died, they went to a place called up called paradise. But when Jesus died, sin wasn't just covered. It was divorced and done away with. And when he rose again, he emptied paradise and he led captivity captive. and he gave gifts unto men. So all the Old Testaments that died saints that died went with him after his resurrection and they appeared and they came and they they went and they for 40 days or so. Why? Because that blood loosed them from what the first blood couldn't loose them from. Hallelujah. Do you realize what kind of loosing you're under today? That death can't hold you. Amen. The grave can't hold you. Sin can't hold you. Sickness can't hold you. This is the blood that we are under today. Amen. So when we go into the presence of the father and so now we can go into the presence of the father waiting amen for the second coming of the lord. There's no guesswork about it. It's a finished work. God has already done it. It's over with. But Abraham believe in God. He called those things as not that were not as though they were. Amen. He said, and so so he comes up and he goes on a little further than we read. He goes on a little further with Isaac. And Isaac must have been a pretty smart little boy. He must have been around some sacrifices before. He he must have realized something as he began to walk. He said, "Okay, we got the wood and we got the fire, but where's the sacrifice?" He's not realizing he's he's been the one that been called to lay up on the altar yet. And so, Amen. And it's a perfect type of Christ. We know we're not we're we're Bible students. We know, we've heard it before. Amen. As Abraham would lay the wood upon Isaac and he would begin to walk to that hill showing the perfect type of Christ. Amen. The cross being laid upon him as he walked up to the hill called Calvary. Amen. But here here this little boy is looking at this and he's saying, you know, I I see the wood. I see the fire, but where is the sacrifice? And Abraham called those things as not that were not as though they were. He said, "Listen, I I'm not going to dwell on that. All I know is God is going to provide for himself a sacrifice." Amen. And where faith begin to speak, and as long as you have the promise of God that says it, regardless what circumstance looks like, believe it anyhow, for God said so. Amen. So if God has promises in here and and I I want to bring back again, if God has promises in here, Amen, of your children being saved, he does. He has promises in here. Amen. What you got to do is begin to confess before it even happens that I am the one in this situation and this promise is talking to me and God's going to provide this way. God's going to open up the way. I don't know how he's going to do it, but God will provide a sacrifice. So, and if you're children of Abraham, you know, not not a children of the church. Somebody asked me the other day and she'll probably listen to this. You know, she's wonder she she didn't understand why you have to sign. She asked if we have membership and I said, "No, I don't believe we don't believe in memberships." You know, as far as you signing a name on a piece of paper, that don't save nobody. You can have your name on every piece of paper in every church in mind in Louisiana and the United States. It doesn't matter. It won't save you. Amen. So we we can't you can't sign your way into this into into being saved. You know how you're saved? Amen. You repent. Amen. Which means turn from the sin. You're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And you receive the spirit of circumcision, the Holy Ghost. Amen. You're you're not you're not signing your way into a membership. You're not signing your way into a church. You're born into a church. Not born by natural birth, but born by a spiritual birth. Amen. So, uh, you know, we're not children of a church. We're not children of a denomination. We're children of Abraham who believes God promise regardless of what someone else or somebody or whatever would say about it or what circumstance circumstance say about it. We believe his promises are true no matter what. Amen. We find him that God told him, you know, to separate himself from all kindred and and walk among a strange people. This is repent. Separation begins to take place. Amen. to separate you from your first your first birth as far as what it brought the life that were it brought and all the things that were passed down. And God calls us to be a separated people. Amen. Anybody home this this morning? God calls us to be a separated people. Amen. Not a life living with sin or practicing sin, but a life, amen, broken and separated from sin. It doesn't mean you won't make a mistake, but when you make that mistake, there'll be something inside of you and say, "Hey, you done wrong and you'll make it right." So, we we find that God told him to separate himself from the kindred and and walk among a strange people and who spoke a strange language. And it yeah, some of y'all separated from your own kin and you started walking around walking with people who spoke strange languages because you know we got a whole language today that they didn't have 20 or 30 years ago and and naturally speaking now 20 or 30 years ago there was nothing called an iPhone. Go a little bit back further nothing called internet. Go a little bit further nothing called computers and all the stuff that goes with it. Definitely nothing called AI. Come on. Amen. And then when you come here, you come under begin to walk. Amen. In this message, you become to walk in a people who speaks a strange language. They no longer speak about three gods. They speak about one God. They no longer speak about, Amen. a God who used to or a God who used to do things, but a God who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. And they begin to speak about a God who sent a revelation in this day that opened the book and it broke the seals off. Amen. And it begins to speak about all of these things. What is it? It is a strange language to the worldmen, but it called you to walk with this. God calls for separation. When you became uh a Christian, you got to separate yourself from sinful associates. Amen. Otherwise, you get dragged right back. That's what he said. come out from among them my people and be you separate. It's a different walk. It's a different talk. It's a different life. Amen. It's a walk between you and God alone. Amen. Next thing we find that Abraham begins to get older and he gets all even after he's given the promise and and the promise looks further off and Sarah got older and you know Abraham maybe after 10 years had passed or you know 15 years maybe Abraham would go to Sarah say how do you feel? Uh, well, no different at all, Abraham. Well, praise God. We're going to have it anyhow. See, God has said it. So, that settles it. And the and a child of Abraham will have that same kind of faith. It doesn't matter what circumstances says. It doesn't matter if it's been two months, two years, 20 years. It matters not. What matters is God said so. Amen. We get our we get our minds on stuff. Sometimes it doesn't even matter. That's not even part of the equation. Listen, time with God is not part of the equation. Amen. When God moves, he moves. And and he's not he's not held back by time. He's not a creature of time. Therefore, he's not worried about it if it's two months, two years, 20 years, 100 years. He could care less. God knows. He said it. It's going to come to pass. So, a child of Abraham will grab a hold of that word and say, "It doesn't matter how I feel. It doesn't matter what it looks like. It doesn't matter the circumstances. I believe it anyhow. God said it. It settles it. But he be, you know, he began to speak to the Lord. Lord, I I go childless. I have no children. There's one in my household that's this Ezra and he's from Damascus. Maybe he can take all my inheritance. God said, "That's not your heir. the one that's in your bowels, the one that's in your loins will be your heir. He said, "Lord, how will this be?" And God confirmed his covenant, his oath to Abraham. He told Abraham, said, "Go get me a heer and and a she goat and and a ram and some turtle doves and pigeons and and we know the story. He went and killed the animals and he cut them in two and laid them piece by piece. But the turtle doves, he did not separate. But those animals that were cut apart, he laid them out. And Abraham watched the fowls of the air as they started to come down to get on them. And Abraham drove them away into the going down of the sun. And as the sun went down, God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Abraham. And otherwise, Abraham, I'm just taking you out of the picture. Cuz this fulfillment of this promise is not about you. It's all about me. Amen. Sometimes it feels like you're swatting off the fowls of the air and the thoughts of of Satan as he tries to come and tell you, "It's not for you. It's not for you. It's not for you." But God will bring you to a place till you realize it's not about you. It's about what God's already done. And all you got to do is say, "God, I believe." Amen. Sun went down, put him in a deep sleep, and Abraham went to sleep. The first thing he saw was this great darkness and horror representing death. Every man that's born on earth must meet death. And to be born again, you must meet death. Amen. Death to yourself. He saw a smoking furnace. Every man, you know, was deserving of hell. We were all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come this world speaking lies. There's nothing good about us to begin with. Death comes and hell was next. But then all of a sudden, he saw a burning light. Hallelujah. A light. This lamp went between each one of those pieces, making a covenant that God someday through his promised seed will raise up the Lord Jesus Christ to confirm the covenant to all peoples of the earth which Abraham was a father of nations. And he changed his name after that from Abraham. Abram to Abraham. What was it? Amen. Was unconditional covenant. But in that it changed who Abraham was. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the only reason why you can know that you're under the same covenant is you have been changed. You're not the same person. This is what we we we referred to it a while ago, but I read the scripture Hebrews 6 and verse 13. For when God made the promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself. He could have swore by the trees. He could have swore by the sun. He could have swore by the earth. He could have swore by man. But there was nobody greater to swear by than by himself. He said, I'm making this promise and this promise is on me. Hallelujah. Surely blessing I will bless thee and multiply and I will multiply thee. So that after he patiently endured, he obtained the promise. Amen. There was a part Abraham did have to play. He had to stay right there upon the promise. Stand right there upon the word, not moving from it. I I'm committed it to God. It's finished. God said so. And I'm going to stand here until God bringeth it to pass. Amen. That's where a true sigh child of Abraham is. We're not standing upon our feelings. We're not standing upon what somebody says. We're standing upon what God has spoken in this hour. That's why we're still That's why there will be a people that shall remain cuz they're not standing upon their own thoughts or their own abilities or what they think or how they think is going to happen. All I know is he said there will be someone that's alive and they will remain. So we stand upon the word of God. This covenant is unconditional but it comes with a name change. And this is what we saw happen in this very hour that we're living in under the message. I mean, the covenant that was given to the bride of Jesus Christ. We can see it in the first seal. Amen. How that he he he said it would be known the last days. It would come forth as a in a church symbol. Do you understand it, church? He said it comes forth in the symbol of a church. They knew there there is a seal, but just what yet they didn't know because it's a white horse rider. And only to be revealed at the last day when this seal is broken. broken to who? Not the Christ, but the church. Oh my, that makes me tremble. I hope that the tri church truly understand this what I mean. You people, come on. You people, I'm going to call you bride. Hallelujah. Not just the church world, but brother Brandon begin to realize there was a there was a seed came forth. It came into what looked like a seed, but just around that seed was a husk. And it begin to pull away and reveal the true original grain again. And he said, "I'll no longer call you church. I'm going to call you bride." Do you understand what this message is really is? It's not a message of rules and regulation. It is a message of grace. It came down saying, "Grace, grace." Amen. The faithful creator has broke the seals and revealed the power of Christ in this day to bring a bride out of a church just like he brought Abraham out of his family, a people for his name's sake. I no longer call you church, but I call you bride. I no longer call you lost. I no longer call you a wonderer. I no longer call you a slave. I call you a son or daughter of the most high God. You know in America when we make a covenant for years it was made on a handshake. People were honest people back then apparently. Amen. You know people here he says who belong in business realms. You call your friend out and have a sandwich, drink a cup of coffee, and talk things over and make an agreement. You reach out and get a hold of the friend's hand and shake his hand, say it's agreeable. That's a covenant. You shook one another's hand on it. Shake on it. You've done that many times. I've done it. Shake on it. That's it. It's a sealed contract. When you shook your hand, come on, somebody. It ought to still be that way. Now, people's words don't don't mean very much. You know, even I I hate to say it, even quote unquote believers words sometimes don't mean much. Sometimes you can get in the worst deals of your life with a believer. I know that hurts, but that's the truth. You know why? Because they ain't born again. Cuz if they was born again, they would obey according to the rules of God. And if they made a covenant with somebody or said they was going to do something, they would do everything they could to bring it to pass. And if they couldn't, they would go to that person and say, "Hey, this is a reason why I haven't. I'm sorry. I said I was going to do, but I I can't bring it. I can't do it." Cuz I know men, we are men. We are limited. We We have limited abilities. Sometimes we make promises that we can't keep. But if we've made a promise, we ought to make sure we do everything to fulfill that promise. back in the, you know, back in the time of the Lord Jesus when he came time of Abraham before they would take a piece of paper and they wrote whatever they made on their covenant about and they would rip it in half. And when they would rip it in half, they would bring this covenant back together. Each one had a piece of the covenant. might be a good thing for some people to go back to. Write it down on paper, tear it apart. You both got a copy of it because people get in some business deals. So, I don't even know why we're people getting in some business deals sometimes on a handshake and they get hard feelings and well, you know, they bring those hard feelings right back into church. Amen. It's time that we start we if we have to, if a handshake ain't good enough with somebody, but write it out on paper, tear it in half. Amen. That way, you got both of them. Or write two pieces. I don't care how you do it. Amen. But make sure you're both on the same page. Amen. But whatever you do, don't bring your hurts back into the house of God. Amen. Cuz you didn't make the deal in the house of God. You made it out there in your business. But when you come to the house of God, let all that stuff go and let it lay aside. But if you have done wrong, make it right. What? But this when they would come back, they would slay an animal and they would tear the piece in half and it would come back and they took an oath that if this covenant was broke, let their bodies be broke just like the dead animal was broke that was standing between them. Well, that would change a lot of deals, wouldn't it? Yeah, buddy. Let's put some skin in the game. What a beautiful picture though of Calvary. When God took Jesus up to Calvary there, he tore him apart. He raised his body and he put it back at the right hand on the throne. Sent back his spirit. He tore out of that body the Holy Ghost and he put it back to his church. And when we come together, come on, tore off the same page, his body united with the body upon the earth, it has to be a match. Come on. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, you're not going to match with that body. Amen. It has to be a match. And when we come together, this coveted people will have the same spirit. We'll have the same power. We'll have the same love. We'll have the same unity. Amen. that was in Jesus Christ, the individual, it'll also be in the body of Christ. But the contract that God made over the life of his own son to tear him apart, his spirit from his body, raised him up and sent back to the church, we got to be born again of the spirit or we are not in God's covenant. You can call it holy roller. You can call it whatever you want to. But it's the baptism of the Holy Ghost that puts you in covenant with God and seals you by the spirit of promise. Amen. That's why he said in Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed unto the day of your redemption." Amen. After that moment, Amen. And when he saw that it was an unconditional covenant, then Abraham would stand upon the word. And we must also, as we have seen and come and been sealed with that unconditional covenant, stand upon the word with God's word. Every amen, every jot, every tit, where are you standing at this morning? He said, I'm trying to tell you, pull away from the shucks. Get out here in the wheat where you can get right before the sun. Hear the coming of the combine. We're in harvest time. Amen. You're standing now though completely justified, though like you never done in the first place. He said, "Oh, I'm thankful of that more than that that than anything I know of. You're the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man or woman that's born of the spirit of God and washed the blood in the blood of Jesus Christ and believes every word of God stands as though you never sinned at the first place. You are perfect. Amen. Shut up, devil. Amen. You are perfect. Why? Because you have a perfect sacrifice. He said, "If I was supposed to die in the morning, a man took my place. I can't die for that sin if somebody's already took my place. And Jesus, the word took my place. He became me a sinner that I might become him the word. Let me hold true to it. Not the church but to the word. He said that's the spiritual union of Christ in his church. Now when the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh, it manifests itself. It's vindicated just what the Bible said would happen. It's happening day by day. Why? It's accumulated so fast out on the desert. These things taking place. I couldn't even keep up with it. We are near the coming of Jesus to be reunited with his church where the word becomes the word. And the call of the Holy Spirit is now searching the hearts, but you are standing complete. Amen. You never sin in the first place. God don't even know about it. Woo. You're talking about a faith and a faithful creator. A creator that could create such a blood that would come over your sin and totally annihilate it to where you don't God doesn't even know about it no more. Amen. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser. But really from the beginning you were a predestinated to be a son or daughter of God. You're now standing washed. The old book of divorcement is put away. It's dead. It's absolutely out of existence. Even the mind of God. You are the virtuous bride of Christ. Washed in the blood of Christ. Oh God, what kind of service can we have this morning when you realize that all my past is completely out of the mind of God? He's not even concerned about it this morning. He's not even got one thought about it this morning. It's gone. You're washed. You're the virtuous bride of Christ. Washed in the blood of Christ. Precious, virtuous, sinless son of God. Standing with a pure unad adulterated bride word that he washed by the water of his own blood and became flesh and manifest that he might take you which are were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning the same as he was. He Hello. Don't just gloss over it now. That he might take you which were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning the same as he was. Do you see where you're standing this morning? Some people like, you know, to be in the right standings, you know, and have certain standings or or things in their life, you know, standards, right? Standard of living, standard of a car, standard of a house, standard of a job. That's all temporary. Because today you can have one standard and tomorrow it'd be gone. or today where your standard might be down here and God open up a door and your standard come back up here. But forget all of those. That's not the standard we're talking about. Where you're standing, the standard where you're at. You were there at the beginning the same as he was. That's mind-blowing. The same is y'all y'all sleeping. What's happening? the same as not the same as some ball star or this not the same as some movie star or but the same as the morning star in the same standing as he was. What freedom we got this morning. What joy we ought to have in our hearts. Amen. When you realize I'm not standing upon my own morals. I'm not standing. Amen. I'm not My standard is not whether I've done right today or I've done wrong tomorrow or done wrong this morning. That's not my stand. That's not where I'm standing. I'm standing at the same place he was. Glory to God. I can't nail that home enough to Amen. Did you can realize where you are standing this morning. You're not standing up on your own abilities. You're not standing on the ability of this church. That's not where you're standing. You're standing at the same place he was. power to all the ransom church of God be saved to sin no more. What is sin? Well, I tell you, I' done this wrong and I got to smoke and drink. No, sin is unbelief. You smoke and drink because you don't believe his word. You live ungodly lives. You live for in a fornication because you don't believe his word. Good lance. Some of the stuff you can see sometimes just blows your mind. We got not message preachers, thank God, but preachers getting up trying to say that fornication is not a sin. Preaching it from pull pits. What? It's in the Bible. Who are you and what' you do with God? Amen. Because God's word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I know this I know this age that we're living in. It ain't the same as it was even five years ago. Hey man, think about how much we've changed in just five years. Thoughts and thinking and I I was talking we was talking about something the other day. I how when I was a kid I I used to get up in the morning Daniel and Matthew Puit live right with double first cousins like brothers and we just be out in the woods all day. Didn't have no cell phones. There was just as many snakes then as there was now. Come on. Many just as many ponds to drown in as there is now. We'd be out in the woods all day and and and dad he would finally he put up this big old bell in the front of our house and he'd ring that dude about three times. I knew I better be heading to the house and if I used to be a horn, he'd honk three times in the bell. But whatever I but I'd be out there all day building forts, playing cowboys and Indians, whatever we was doing, having a good time. Wasn't thinking about nothing. And our parents apparently wouldn't worried about us either. But now we we we can't find our kids and they won't answer their cell phone. One moment we thought, man, they done died. Somebody done grabbed them, kidnapped them. All kind of thought. Things have changed. This world is constantly changing. The attitude towards sin is constantly changing. Amen. 100 years ago, you'd never be out talking about a homosexuality the way it's prevalent today and all the things that are coming out and the transgenders that's taking over win sports and all. You wouldn't be thinking about that. Matter of fact, if somebody was come out, Amen, and not be clothed right, they would think they was they would classify them all right. They classify them as insane. But everything has changed. And even from five years ago, how much more fear we have now. How much more dread and then and of course and I'm not even talking about the political part. Amen. Russia and all the stuff that's going on. Amen. But how much more is taking place and to where now men can dress like women and women dress like men. Well, guess what? They've been doing that for a long time and now we don't think nothing about it, right? We don't think about her being a crossdresser, but when a man comes in Walmart with a skirt on and some pink fingernails and pink whatever, oh, that's makes us sick to our stomach. But we've been in the water long enough that a woman can walk in pants, cut off hair up to We don't think nothing about it. How long is it going to be before we see people like that and we don't think nothing? It's happening already. Come on. This is where we're at. But God doesn't change. what he thought about sin a million years ago, he still thinks about it today the same way. So if his word declares it to be sin, it's sin. But what is it's unbelief in God which is the word. Amen. Pure, unadulterated. But we are now pure, unadulterated, leaving soon for the sky, standing ready. Think your garments washed by the water of the bleeding word. The word became blood. The word bled for you. You're washed in the bleeding word. The bleeding word. The word bleeding. The life of God is now in the word. And the word bled from you that you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes and be cleaned and sanctified by the cleansing of the water of the word. That makes your heart and mind stayed on God and his word. Now, how do you know it's true? When God comes down and vindicates it and prove it, you say, "Well, I don't I don't believe it that way." They didn't believe it in Jesus' way. They didn't, but God proved it. They didn't believe it in Noah's way, but God proved it. They didn't believe Moses' way, but God proved it. Amen. They were willing to take Balam's word for it, but God proved he was the same yesterday, today, and forever. Separate yourself, the Bible says, from unbelief. Hallelujah. But we're going to a wedding in the sky. Well, I tell you what, if you ain't play you ain't planning on going, you just go ahead and stay quiet. But I'm going. Amen. I am going to a wedding. There's been a banquet prepared for me before the foundation of the world. And I've said it before. Lord been said many times, he's got plates lying down and he ain't got one extra plate or not one plate not enough. Amen. He knows exactly the names that are written. Amen. I think about it. Amen. You even plan a banquet. I've seen it happen. You know, Sister Linda puts a little name tags there and puts plates out and some people come, some people don't. Even after they paid their fees or after whatever and they don't show up and so she put a name and a plate there and we got extra plates or there's times somebody comes and they didn't say they was coming. So you had to pull out an extra plate. But God by his fornowledge knows who's going to be there. He don't plan banquetss like we plan banquetss. He's going to have just enough food. He going to have just enough seats. He going to have just enough power, just enough of glory. He going to have just enough to wipe every tear from our eye. He going to be He going to be He's the great master and creator. He knows exactly how much to place there. Hallelujah. and my seat will not be missing. We're wearing the wedding band of predestinated unmarited grace. That's why I'm trying to say this message, this covenant is not a covenant of laws. It's a covenant of grace. People wants to say this message ain't nothing but a bunch of laws and regulation. No. If you get the same spirit, you recognize it's nothing but grace. That God, rich in mercy, saw me in my slop. He saw me where I was down and to and and in a slop pit. And he saw me where I didn't have no hope. He saw me where it was impossible for me to make it out of that thing on my own. But God reaching mercy. Thank God his hand could reach further down than I could ever get. and he reached down in the pit and he picked me up and he put me in the same standing and he slipped a band of unmmerited grace upon my finger. God did it himself. God did it himself. He knew you before the foundation of the world. So he slipped the wedding band on you there and put your name on the book there. God have mercy. And he's a faithful creator. So he knew what he had to create to get you here where you are. You following me now? He knew the right amount of pressure to create in your life. He knew the rate. Oh, come on, somebody. That's exactly how it is with a diamond down there on the earth down and it's the pressure that's pushed against that piece of mineral that produces that diamond. Amen. What is it? God knows exactly what he had to create to get you where you need to be. He knew how much trouble to put upon you. He knew no matter how sorrow or what joy or what grace, whatever he had to do, he knew exactly what he had to do to get you right to this place. Not to this church, but to this word of unmmerited grace and favor of almighty God. Listen, if you've only come here for this church, you come for the wrong reason. Come on, somebody. If you only come here for evening light tabernacle, you came here for the wrong reason. I understand. Amen. I appreciate the atmosphere. I love the music. I love the songs. I love the worship. I love the freedom. Amen. But it's more than that. There's a word that's being moved among us. And it's the words of unmmerited grace and almighty God. And his favor has been placed upon you. Amen. So I ain't seeing it come to pass. I'm not seeing things happening. Well, Abraham didn't see it for a long time either, 20 some 25 years. But brother Brandon would bring it out about El Shadi, the almighty God, the breasted one. Amen. El Shadi, the bosom. Abraham, you're 100 years old. Sarah's 90. But I am the breasted God. Amen. uh he w he was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we're healed. There's there's there's nutrients to be drawn from that. He said, Abraham, though you're old and your strength is gone, Sarah's womb is dead. The milk veins are gone. I'm the breast of God. Just lean on me. Nurse from my promises. Come on. What have you been what have you been getting strength from? Amen. Have you been getting strength from the word of God? Hey, strength from the tapes and strength from the message of the hour. Strength. Amen. God providing, God moving. In other words, like a fattened baby, a little baby can be weak and run down and crying and the mother can pick it up and bring it to her bosom. Not only is a little baby nursing the mother's tree, but you are now nursing on God's promises. You're nursing his strength. His word is his strength. I believe Jesus saves and the blood washes white and snow. I can. I will. I do believe you're nursing from his strength. This is exactly what May Mariah Puit did. Amen. When she she was there bald-headed from Alipcia and she got up one morning, she heard the words, "I can, I will, I do believe." What was it? She grabbed a hold of that and she began to nurse strength from it and she put it down on paper and pinned it to her wall. Listen, it's time some of you start doing that. Come on, somebody. I ain't talking about maybe having verses pinned all over your house. Why don't you start pinning them all over your heart and saying I can, I will, I do believe. This is the power of God. This is the grace of God that has been extended by a faithful creator. A real child of Abraham born again of the spirit of God is satisfied that God is going to keep his word while he is waiting on the strength. Hallelujah. Sometimes you don't feel very strong. Just keep nursing from the promises of God. Keep pulling from them. You don't have to fret. You don't have to just waller around and cry and scream. No, you're lay there and draw a little way back there and a little over here and some over in this book and some over in that book. Drawing strength. We are God's children that lean upon his promise. We're drawing our strength from God. If you're weak, you can't give up this and you can't give up that. Just take God's promise and draw from it. Pretty soon you'll draw in enough. It'll give you enough strength the cigarettes will fall off. We saw it happen how many times here? Well, let me just ask. How many have been delivered of cigarettes all over the building? Amen. Sin, things that held and you couldn't do it on your own. But God rich in mercy and you're plugged into a promise. Come on. That's what we got. People are plugged into all kinds of things today. Why don't we plug into promises? Amen. If you're weak, start plugging into a promise. Abraham, you're 100 years old, but I'm just going to let you draw and nurse your way back to health again. What a beautiful promise. And here they are, 90 years old, 100 years old, and they're sitting out in the tent, but they're in the will of God. Sitting out in a tent, but in the will of God. Brother Brandham said, "I'd rather sit in a tent anytime and be in the will of God than sit in a mansion and be out of it." No matter where where it's at, as long as you're in the will of God, I'd rather sit in a tent anytime and be in the will of God. Abraham's sitting there nursing, drawing from God's eternal promise. And while he's resting and and in anticipation, expecting, all of a sudden, come walking down that dusty road came three men, dust on their clothes. And because Abraham was plugged in, he recognized who they were. He ran into his tent. He said, "Hey, Sarah, stop what you're doing. We got somebody coming. Won't you get He tells his servant, "Get a calf. S get it. Let's make a calf sandwich. Let's get some milk. Let's get some butter and let's set it out. Let's entertain." He said, "Sometimes people entertain strangers un unknowingly. Sometimes that they're entertaining angels unaware. And here they are. But because he's plugged in and he's drawing from God. Amen. We saw it later. Amen. And a a man called Lot. Lot was plugged into Sodom. Hello. He was plugged in so much he became the mayor. He became a Hecame overseer. He he became a man lifted up and he's so plugged in what's going on and all the things that are happening. What's going on? And two men knock on their door and he don't even recognize who they are. They blind people and he still don't recognize who they are. Why? Because he was plugged into the wrong thing. Abraham talking to God. These two angels. He begins to speak to us. I'm going to visit you and Sarah's going to have a baby. And we know the story. Sarah's in the tent behind him. And she laughs in her heart. I'm 90 years old. Why did Sarah laugh? Sarah, I I didn't laugh. Yes, you did. You laughed. But I'm going to visit you and I'm going to confirm my promise. I'm going to bring forth my promise. If you read the scripture, this was really the first time that God revealed to Sarah herself that she was in the promise because she she she had tried to put it on that Hagar and tried to bring a deal. Well, this is the way it's going to happen. And she she tried to do it on her own because she didn't believe she couldn't believe it could be her. But then God came down said it's you. Do you remember that when he first came to you almost me? How could I do that? How could I be the one that God has chosen? How can I be a Christian? How can I live this overcoming life? It ain't how you can, it's how he's already done it. And here she is and she's laughing. And God would have struck her down, but he couldn't cuz she was part of the promise. And how many times God would have just said, "Forget, forget it. I've had enough. over us and our our our our friv p f p f p f p f p f p f p f p f p f p frivulty frivleness and all the stuff that we do sometime and God can just say I've got enough but he can't cuz you were part of the promise. He can't wipe you off cuz he's already got you in his unconditional covenant. God had to do something. This woman was 50 years past menopause. Absolutely childless. He was sterile. She was no way she could do it. No way. She was old enough to even bear the weight of the of a new or young enough or strong enough to bear the weight at 90 years old and much less go through labor. And here she was. He's going to have to strengthen her heart. You know, maybe patch her up a little bit, but that ain't the way God does things. You know what he done? He turned Abraham and Sarah back to a young man and woman again. It's one of the secrets of the Bible. Actually, you don't catch it sometimes what happened because this 90 year old year old woman, we know the story. Abraham would go down to a Greer and he'd go down there was aim down there, a king. And this king sees a 90 year old woman and says, "I want her for my wife." Well, there's a mystery in that. I don't mean to be crass or ugly right here, but there ain't no 90-year woman any young king wanted to marry. Why? He could have the most beautiful of the land. Oh, maybe that was what the case was. This 90 year old was somehow one of the most prettiest, beautiful women he ever saw in his life. I know we know it, but just for those that haven't heard it, here she is. and and he's Abraham said, "Wait a minute. Now, we got to tell them that we're brothers and sisters cuz he going to kill me." So, they make up this this this little story, you know, at 99% the truth. And he goes, she he takes her to be his wife. And that night, God comes to him and says, "You're nothing but a dead man." "Well, what have I done?" He was a a righteous man. He said, "What have I done? I I didn't know I'd done wrong." He said, "That's that man's wife." He said, "Lord, if id have known that, I He told me it was his sister. I I wouldn't have done that, Lord." He said, "Well, you to return her back or you're a dead man." A 90 year old woman. And here Abraham now, strong young man, God, the faithful creator, he had to bring the promise to pass. So he had to produce the way for it to come to pass because Abraham couldn't do it. Abraham couldn't take enough vitamins, enough oils, enough whatever, eat enough spinach. Sarah, she couldn't she couldn't do nothing on her own. She couldn't she couldn't eat enough vegetables. She couldn't eat take enough skin care to be able to produce this. So God, the faithful creator, had to bring the vehicle or the way for the promise to be fulfilled. Come on, 2,000y old Sarah. We've heard it preached here already. Amen. This 2,000-y old bride, amen, through seven dark church ages, amen, were dried up, amen, remnants of Christianity. But God said in his word, I will restore, sayeth the Lord. And so God sent the spirit again in this age that'll restore all the loose ends, all the broken truths, all the things, and bring the body back. Amen. To bring the son again. This is where we're at. It's the faithful creator. But then they have a son. And we go back to our scripture. Isaac about eight years old. this great trial come and here he is wondering you know his little curly-headed maybe Jewish boy mother and father had waited a long time and now God appeared to Abraham now to make sure to double promise you of his word whether you'll keep it or not and Abraham said Abraham this is the boy you know that's going to be a blessing to all the world but I want you to take this boy and take him out yonder to a place I'm going to show you. I'll show you and kill him for me. Did Abraham stagger? No. Matter of fact, the scripture we read said he got early up early the next morning. He didn't even drag around. Could you imagine if you've been told by God to go kill your son, how much you'd kind of maybe drag your feet like maybe by the time I wait it out a little bit, he'll change his mind. Abraham got up early. Three days journey. wasn't no little, you know, brother Ram said, we got gasoline feet now. You know, we we got gas that takes us everywhere. Three-day journey ain't that big a deal in a nice car. But he was walking. Do you know what kind of mind battles it tried to come in his mind? What kind of things tried to enter him, but inside of his heart, it just kept beating. God, you gave me the promise. I don't know how you're going to do this, but I know you're going to do it. You promised me that my seed shall come through Isaac. here. I tried to produce it on my own, God, and I made a mess of things, but you in your mercy, you came back around and you gave me this boy. And I know somehow I I'm going to go up in that mountain and I'm going to worship. And God, I got the I got the wood and I got the fire and I got little Isaac, but I know you're going to provide the sacrifice. And out of his mind and his thoughts as he was thinking upon this, it came out of his mouth. God will provide a sacrifice. And he lays him down. You're talking about faith. You wait here. But the lad now is going to return. How's he going to return when he's going to kill him? He said, "He received me. I've received him as one from the dead, knowing God could raise him from the dead." There you are. He didn't stagger about it. He believed God. And if we're children of Abraham, we're going to have the same kind of faith. Quit staggering. Don't stagger at the promises of God. If he said, "I'm the Lord God that heals thee all thy diseases." Walk in faith. I don't know exactly how it's going to be. I just know he made the promise. And he's going to He's a faithful creator. And he's going to create exactly what I have need of in my body. Come on, somebody. That's exactly what doctors are doing and scientists are trying to create what's lacking inside of a body. Amen. But God's such a perfect creator that he could create something that he gave or fed to Abraham and Isaac or Abraham and Sarah and it changed them back from a 190 to a young man and a young woman able to bring not only changed them back but changed their body to where she can now conceive who've been barren for it's 90 years. What a secret laying inside of there that we've we have been re been revealed to us in this time. But here they are. I just say this. I remember meeting sister Ruth and brother Emil for the first time in in in in uh Tokyo there as we were just about to leave. Me and brother George Wyers, brother Craig was just about to get on a plane within a few hours and they had made a call for us to meet him at a Denny's. Please just want we want to we want to see you. we got we got to talk to you. And here they'd been searching time after time through every kind of denominational system serving time I believe in Ghana and places everywhere trying to find the truth. They come down and they sitting at our table there and brother Danny Delundo with us as well and and they're sitting there and and you know and just trying to fill them out and see where they're at and and things are going along pretty good and we hit things on the rapture and they said well that I remember brother Emil saying well that's the biggest uh lie or farce I've ever heard you know the rapture and right there we knew where we had to start and brother brother Craig begin to go into amen the Abraham and Sarah and I and Enoch and show amen the types of the rapture hidden written in the Old Testament and bringing it right through the New Testament. Amen. Their eyes begin to come open. Oh, God. God does that. Why? Amen. There was something on the inside of them. There was a there was a seed there and God had was a faithful creator and he created the right moment in the right place that that seed could come to life. Isaac said, "Well, here's the altar. Here's the fire. Well, where's the sacrifice? Where? Here's the wood. Where? Where? Wait a Where's the sacrifice? Abraham looking at his little boy. God will provide a lamb. He got everything ready and he takes his little son. He pulls his robes off and places him hands behind his back and he ties him, puts him up on the altar. No doubt holding tears back as it was choking down his throat, pulling his little hair back, reaching down, pulling out his knife. And and no doubt his heart was about to beat out of his chest. And all of a sudden, he hears a voice. Abraham, stay your hand. I see that you wouldn't even withhold your only begotten son. You wouldn't withhold him from me. What happened? A little ram begin to bleed. A ram. Amen. In the top of that mountain, a ram that had been there. No, he hadn't been there. He He'd have seen it right next to him caught in a bush. What was it? It was the faithful creator showing he's Jehovah Gyra. You say, "Well, that was a vision." It was not a vision. That lamb bled. That lamb died. Jehovah Gyra can provide for you tonight. If you're hungering and thirsting for you for something, there's something that he can provide that'll satisfy that thirst. Doctors try to give a medicine. Amen. To provide a way for healing. Some of it works. Some of it has side effects. But God has a way. He has a power. Amen. A pill. Amen. A a nutrient that that doctors can't tap into that'll go into a body and drive out cancer and drive out unbelief and drive out sin. He's a faithful creator. He can create it when there seems to be no way. You say, "Well, what about my son? What about my daughter?" Well, all I know he's a faithful creator. He's He's faithful enough to know how to orchestrate things, to set things exactly in order for them to be saved. How that is and when that is, I don't know. All I remember is we've told the story here about brother Justin. What was it? God was creating an atmosphere. He's a faithful creator. That's what he did. He created an atmosphere. It started earlier that day on a dozer right out here. Right out here pushing this little this dirt that was adding onto this other side of this building. Me and Brother Wayne feathering it off down to them poles down to that field. Adding it on that side. Hadn't been rain for months. wouldn't rain again for months after. But that one week that he could come started calling for rain. Now me in my human thoughts was not happy because I got brother Wayne here and he's only got a few days and God we don't need rain right now. But God had more ideas than some dirt. At least that dirt out there. He had some other dirt in mind. And here here I am fussing and and my own selfwar and then the dirt man quits me about noon and he don't show up and we still need about five loads and I'm calling him and Christianly way fussing him. I need some dirt, man. Where'd you go? Well, I had another job. We got rain. I know we got rain coming, but I got to have dirt. We done bought hundreds of loads from you. And you going to leave me? Oh, five loads. Come on. And I'll be back. I'll be Here he comes. And I'm watching right over here that building and building and building and building and building, not realizing it was God creating something. Not realizing that that storm was part of his plan. Hello. But in my own emotions, I didn't think so. I thought, "This ain't nothing but the devil doing this. He's trying to This is terrible. We're push that man finally brought that last load of dirt and brother Wayne pushes it down and smooths it all out and then the bottom falls out. We jump in the truck and I went ran and got the truck come picked him up on the dozer and we're wiping wet, you know, rain off of us. We're soaked and it's now Now listen, it's five o'clock on a Wednesday. Five o'clock on a Wednesday. 5:00 on a Wednesday. Brother Wayne's preaching at 7:30. He'd been on a dozer all day because we supposed to been by done by noon, but it, you know, was supposed to have been done by Tuesday. Supposed to have been done by Monday. You see what I'm saying? God's a faithful creator. He's working things for your good sometimes and you don't even know it. And you're like, "Well, that's just the devil." It could be God. Be careful what you call the devil sometimes. Cuz the devil's not in control of anything, not when it comes to your life. He's only allowed to move where God allows him to move. I jump in the I jump in the truck and I say, "Brother Wayne, look man, we got 45 minutes back to the house. So we're almost 6:00 getting to the house. He got to be in the pull pit in an hour and a half. Get a shower, eat some food, whatever." Brother Wayne, I'm sorry, but the next the rest of your days was raining, so we had to get it done. He he looked over me with his little smile and he said, "Brother Timothy, don't don't even worry about it." I said, 'Oh, yeah. Why are you so calm? He said, "Well, about 2:00 today, the Lord fell down on a dozer and said, "I'm going to do something significant tonight, and I ain't worried about it." I said, "Brother Wayne, next time that happens, tell me about 20:05." He laughed. He said, 'I'm sorry. I should have I should have said something. He said, 'But brother brother Timothy, God's going to do something tonight. I don't know what it is, but God promised it. That was about the time my mother experienced her brain bleed and just back home suffering with that and had a lot of weakness in her body and dad would bring her to the to the back office that night believing and and that whole week, Brother Tim had already been confessing, God's going to do something. And God, I believe God's going to move. And I I believe God, we're going to have a a prayer line. It's going to be a lot of He's confessing. He's getting calls from another man up in Fort Smith who's needing deliverance. He said, "Come on. Come on. Wednesday night, we got deliverance. It's going to be there." He's confessing it. And here we are coming to that service and Brother Wayne preaching and all of a sudden, you can go back and listen. It changes. And and he begins to speak about God's deliverance. And when God wants to tear down walls, he'll tear them down. If God's got somebody behind them walls he want to save, God will tear down them walls at any moment cuz he's a faithful creator. Amen. He knew he had a Rahab behind some walls one day and God created a way for her to escape cuz he's a faithful creator. And here we are and he begins to preach and the power of God begins to fall. And we know how that how that service went for up to midnight over over past midnight. God moving and miracles taking place. I I just wonder I because we lose track sometimes of what all happened. I know brother uh little brother he was a little guy then. He's a lot bigger guy now. Jed Mitchell was healed of hundreds of warts on his body. The doctors had tried to take care of and they could only do so much but God supernaturally removed them. How many else can say that night you was delivered or set free or got a touch? Amen. There's a few hands. Maybe some of you wasn't even there that night. Amen. But there that but that night I know. Amen. That storm was just raging outside and you know and there was a a little girl was younger girl at that time now about to get married. Sister Kimberly wear. Amen. come up to that in that prayer line and and she said, "I I want my brother saved and our family back together and begin to confess things and and confess the promises of God and go and and with you know here here here the storm is taking place and you're wondering how is God in this? How is God moving?" And God's orchestrating it the whole time and there's a little young man laying over in a bed and he all of a sudden wakes up and he realized daddy and mama ain't home, sister ain't home. If I remember the story, right? He goes across town and brother so and so wasn't home and he goes straight down. Amen. That little road that our church was on and runs through about a 100 foot of fence. I know, brother Justin, you may not like telling me to me telling it. I don't know, but it's so good. I like to tell it anyhow. What was it? The roads were slick and his truck comes down and it makes it right into the parking lot and dies and can't move another inch. God, the faithful creator, didn't give him no way of escaping this. He couldn't come to the church and find out, hey, they're still here. I'm still okay. Let me go back home. Nobody know about this. He couldn't go back home if he wanted to, unless he wanted to walk. God moving in every sit. Do you understand what I'm saying? Amen. Sometimes we look at storms and we look at situations and we look at things and we wonder how in the world could God's hand God's hand is in everything. He said in his word, all things work together for the good to them that are thee called according to his purpose. How many are the called? Then God's hand is in everything of your life. He's a faithful creator. He's creating situations for you to be blessed. He's creating situations for you to go through a trial. He's creating situations for you to come out of a trial. Brother with his baby out on the porch sees this man, young man fall out. It's one of the greatest testimonies I ever heard in my life. Justin still in his jammers. He didn't care no more. We getting to holler. I got a chance. I got to find God. I remember leading the songs still at the pull pit and I looked up and I seen Justin wear coming on the back of two deacons or brother maybe brother Daryl one of I think it was brother Daryl he had his arm draped around him bringing him up just within a few moments of a little sister's prayer request God been creating that whole thing the whole day the whole week long time before making it work out till it was going to come on that Wednesday. You know, I was just I'd been with Brother Wayne before and we was trying to figure out a date and it ended up that was the only week he could come. The only week, but God knew it was the right week. God knew what we would be going through with my mom and her situation and how she would come at that same line, weak in her body. But it was for hours later stand over in the corner with their hands up giving praise to God. Strength had come back into her body again. He's a faithful creator. He has showed this time and time and time again. Notice though when Abraham when he finished there at that place, he did not name the place after about his trial. He didn't name the place where I almost killed my son. the place that I had my hardest trial. He didn't name the place after his trial or about his trial or a name that reminded him of his trial. I named the place a name that proclaimed God's deliverance. He's Jehovah Gyra. He knew the creator, the faithful creator had given the son. He had a promise and even he had to kill him. He knew God would raise him up again. He knew he was on under an unconditional covenant. He knew he had a token. Hello somebody. He also we are also got a token this morning. And it's a token for us and for our children. Paul told the man there he said you they told him the man over I believe it was over the over the prison said believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou and thy house shall be saved. He said, "If you can believe for yourself, you can believe for your house also." Come on, somebody. If you can have enough faith that God in God to believe for yourself, you can have enough faith in God to believe for your children. The same faith that saved you is the same faith that'll save your children. If you don't, you just keep praying, God will answer prayer. Don't worry. Just ask him and believe it and get it anchored in your heart and just move on. God has provided a sacrifice. He's made the provision. He's provided the token. He has showed over and over and over and over throughout the whole Bible that he is the faithful creator. Can we testify to that? Have you read it? Amen. The Israelites when they left Egypt, Amen. He showed that he was a faithful creator that he would make a way, amen, through a wilderness that had a lot of obstacles, had a lot of trouble, had a lot of situation, had a lot of deniers, had a lot of people that was fussing and fuming and all kinds of stuff. But he still provided mana every morning. He still provided quail. He still provided, Amen. water out of the rock. He's a provider. Amen. Abra Aaron as soon you know as the first man of fell he said go out there and pick up some full of it and put it in the holy holies and when your children's children all that come in the priesthood they can get the same taste of the original mana. Hallelujah. And he's still providing today a taste of the original mana that fell on the day of Pentecost. There's still a taste of it that can come from the Holy of Holies and give you the same experience that they had 2,000 years ago. He would be the provider when he would provide them with fresh water from the rock. Now, if you don't want to believe it, that's up to you. I don't care. But I believe it. If God could completely build this earth out of nothing, then I can believe he can take water out of rock. This rock would actually follow them through the wilderness. Did y' understand this was a spiritual rock? It was signifying something that was coming. Amen. And it would follow them through the wilderness. And he would take it and he would strike it and then he would was to speak to it. So a showing, amen, that God would come and a man called Jesus, that rock that followed him in the wilderness and he would take a strike and he would be beaten. He would be placed upon a on an altar and he would and out of him would come water and blood and spirit. Amen. But in this day, we don't have to strike him again. We speak to the rock and water comes from it. We speak to the rock and he's a faithful provider to provide what we have need of in our time of trouble. He's a smitten rock here. It looks like come out of the driest of place. And you know sometimes God will provide for you out of a place that looks like impossible to be provided from. Impossible that this could provide what I have need of. That's just how God works. That's how God does. Amen. And when he he fed he fed Elijah by the ravens. He provided for a prophet in a time of famine. He was a faithful creator to create birds that would bring him a sandwich or bring him food, bring him meat, bring him bread. Is that the Bible? You know, he said, "One time I was preaching one time on Elijah and a man told me after service, "Now, wait a minute, preacher. I believe you got you're a more sane man. They actually believe them crows brought Elijah fish and bread." He said, "I believe every word of it." And the fish was fried and the bread was cooked. He would say another place. He said, "I don't know how a black cow can eat green grass and give white milk." He said, "But it ain't up to me to worry about. It's God that created it. Amen. He said, "Well, tell me then, my friend, where do these crows get that fried fish and bake bread?" He said, "That's not for me to question." It wasn't for Elijah to question. The only thing he knew when he got hungry, the crows are sitting there ready to bring him some bread and fish, and he ate it. That's the same thing about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I can't tell you where it comes from or how it gets here. I know it comes, and I know I got it, and that's all I care about. I can't tell you how divine healing works, but I just drink from the promises of God and it brings it to pass. I don't try to find out what the formula is. I don't know what causes the Holy Ghost to fall in a meeting and people speak in tongues and prophesy and cripples jump up from wheelchairs and sick get healed. I can't tell you how it happens. Only thing I know is God promised it and it's our possession. Hallelujah. Later there was a woman, amen, in that same famine he would go to and she would be out in her yard gathering a few sticks to make her last meal and she would hear a voice fetch me a little more so of bread and she turned no doubt tears in her eyes said sir that's why I'm in this yard I got to get my last meal together and little spoonful of oil mix it together little few sticks to make a fire and bake a little cake for my son. We was we was going to eat it and die. He said, "But make me a cake first." See, that's what God's required. This is why he said it like that. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and all these things will be added unto you. Put God first. Put his word first. You want the faithful creator to work on your behalf? Put God's word first. Put his spirit first. Put him first. Bring me a little cake first. She turns not knowing why she's doing it, but she was led by the spirit of God. He said, "See, many times trouble will strike our home just like it had struck hers. And we don't know it's a blessing in disguise." What a blessing in disguise. Trouble. Well, you're sick. you know, you're sick because you you're just not not not right with God. That's why you did wrong. That doesn't always mean that. Job was right with God and he got sick. He went through trials. It was God testing him. It's God testing you to put you to a test to see how you will do. Maybe let the doctor say you won't get better for a purpose. Maybe you let them say to just see what you would do. See, we're near the coming of the Lord. God's coming for a bride. He never asked or questioned, "Will I have a church? Will I have a bride? Will I have righteousness?" But he asked, "Will I find faith when I come back? Will I find faith when I return?" God putting you to the test to try your faith. And all her trouble and death at the door. And she went and she scraped that last bit of oil and that last bit of meal and she mixed it together and she baked it and she gave it to the prophet of God. And the word began to speak out of his mouth, thus sayeth the Lord, because you have done this, the barrel won't run empty, go empty, and the crews won't run dry. And God provided the faithful creator all the way through the all the way to the end of the famine. Amen. What was it? God showing he's he is the faithful creator. I'm getting to something. He goes all the way go down through the three Hebrew children and the lion's den and all of that. God showing over and over. We we can go into the ministry of Jesus where he showed Amen. The first miracle he provided was water. He turned into wine. Amen. He showing he can turn around and change any situation in your life. Amen. He showed it and the and when he fed 5,000 with a few little fish and a few little loaves of bread, what was he showing? He was showing he is the faithful creator. Let me just show you how much of a provider he really is. That he's concerned about every little details of our life. Brother Brandon would have this dream, this moment or however you want to say it, this event that he would go through that he would be out in the west somewhere come he'd see himself out in the west with a hat on and kicking his spurs and he was singing whistling song the wheels on the wagon are broken sign on the ranch is for sale that's a actually a ballad about death. And as he's singing that, he walks by and there was this little in this this old prairie schooner that was there on the side broken up, mangled up. Now, we know he would have a vision of going out west and and and he would and he would cluck the reinss of a prairie schooner and it turned into a station wagon. So, as a mo, you know, station wagon is a modern day prairie schooner. So it was showing there in this in this event or this dream vision whatever it was he had that that that Amen. he was right there at his death and when he met his death he stepped across the other side and there is this Sharon Rose standing there and she says hello daddy. He said well who are you? And she said I'm your little Sharon. She says Sharon. Why you? She was just a little baby but she said but over here we're not babies. were young men and women as you taught and as you as you preached and she began to talk to him actually about things that he hadn't even preached yet in his ministry. Amen. Because she was in a theophony form knowing all things. And here she is. She began to explain these things to him. And here he said, "Well, well," she said, "Mother's up there waiting in your new home." She said, "I I got I got a new home." We never had a new home, honey. Well, we got one here, Daddy. And I started up and I hear them singing the song. I see the lights of the city so bright. And I got up there and there she was standing there looking at me. And she put her arms around me and greeted me as she always did. She said, "Won't you sit down?" And I looked and there was a Morris chair. And I started looking at that Morris chair, looking back at her, and she said, "I know what you're thinking about." Now he said one time down here we had one of those chairs and the chair cost about $15 and I was going to buy it and I bought it made a $2 payment paying about a dollar a week and when you get to a place you can't make the ends meet no more you know what I'm talking about no disgrace to be poor I just couldn't make the ends meet no more and I missed two or three payments and they told me they was going to come and get it and they we couldn't continue and she so when that one day they did when they when I was gone they come and took it and said I'll never forget it I come home and she baked me a nice cherry pie my favorite and she said come in. I went to the front room. My chair was gone. I'd worked all day and preached half the night and then come and sat in the chair cuz I liked it. And they come and took it from me. And she said, "Won't you sit down now?" And the chair looked like only much bigger. Just looked like it, but only much bigger. She said, "Remember that one down on the earth?" I said, "Yes." She said, "Bill, they'll never take this one. They'll never take this one. This one is paid for. It's yours. Sit down and enjoy it. He is a faithful creator. Listen, I I want you to understand, we're not going over there, Amen, to go through the millennium and just be a bunch of singers around a throne. No, we're going to have real lives. We're going to do real things. It's in the Bible. We're going to have real things. We're going to Amen. have real touch and real feelings, but in perfect in a perfect place and a perfect body. And those things they'll never take from you ever again. As we bring this down to a close, brother Brandham would tell the story quite a bit. Said he got asked by somebody said, "You got any insurance?" He said, "Oh yeah, I got insurance." He said, "Well, oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you had insurance." I said, "Yeah." "What kind of insurance you got?" Blessed asssurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory to divine. Said he stopped and looked at me a little bit. He said, "Well, Bill, that's that's okay." He said, "But it won't put you in a graveyard." He said, "I know, but it'll get me out." Hallelujah. It'll get me out. I'm not worried about getting it there. Getting in there. I'm worried about getting out of there. It's the getting out I want to do. He said, "The Holy Spirit is God's insurance agent this afternoon, giving policies out to whosoever will receive them." You can have one. You can have one and it you don't have to worry about it coming into a place of not being in effect no more. You won't have to worry about him cancelling your policy. God help us for a moment. Can I preach just for a moment? Can we just let go just for a moment? Amen. Because a lot of times we got insurance and you know you'll pay insurance month after month after month after month after year after year after year and the first time you make some claim they want to drop you. They want to cancel you and know most of all they want to go up on your insurance premium. Amen. You ain't got to worry about with this God. Hallelujah. If you ever draw a policy from him, he's not going to get you in a place and you're going to find yourself in a bad situation and you're going to need your help, his help, and you going to write across you cancelled. Are you going to ride enough you ain't got enough money? No sir. He is already paid for. It's already done. It's already finished. It's already given to you. All you got to do is send it in and claim it this morning. Hallelujah. He's a faithful provider. And he's not got just enough. He's got more than enough. I tell you what, I read something the other day. One of me just get m righteous indignation. You know, you hear of all these bad things happening. Me and I think me and brother me and brother Joseph Winter was talking about insurance bad things happening in the world and all the calamities and the tornadoes and the hurricane. It's like, man, how can they even make money? So, man, no wonder they just go up on your premiums all the time. Up and up and up. Is that not happening? Nobody else. Okay. I thought so. Probably. And here up up. Not even made a claim. Up up up. I Well, maybe they ain't making no money. So, I done a quick Google shirt search. Last year, State Farm made, I don't know, $43 billion. What? All state made in the billions of dollars. What? Faulty. I I tell you, I just be honest with you. I think insurance is the biggest scam there is upon the earth. I'll just be honest with you. YouTube can delete me if they want to delete me. I don't give a rip cuz it's the truth. They want to cut. You want to pay and pay and pay and they want to go up and up and up and you make a claim. We've made claims upon this church and they want to cancel us because of real claims. Come on, somebody. But one thing about God, you don't have to worry about him cancelelling your policy. You know, insurance talk. Let me just stay on insurance for a moment. Them rotten sorry dogs. They came around my grandmother years ago and I offered her this policy that was going to put her in the grave, you know, and it because it's tell you what brother Brandon was talking about. You know, this the same stuff he was off they was offering brother Brandham. Guarantee you scam. And here they are offering my grandmother say her grand they paid all this money but then they went around and as they realize hey cost of barrel is going up things are going up and they go through the crooked politics of Louisiana and probably through any other state and they pass a law that it only would pay out like eight I don't know 500 bucks when it came down. It's supposed to pay for the whole funeral. How many knows that? Yeah. And it comes right down to it and only pays about five three or 500 bucks on the whole thing. Big whoop. Scam. This is what brother Brandon was talking about. It's a scam. Amen. He knew he couldn't rely on some man-made policy, some man-made decree, some man-made organization, some man-made thing. That's why I'm so thankful this morning. We're not relying on what man-made or man decree or man says. Amen. Our cost of our our ticket to heaven don't go up or down. It's already paid for. Our cost for healing doesn't go up or down. It's already paid for. Thank you, Jesus. While we're on it, I might as well ought to tell you what a scam the Catholics are. You having to pay for to get healed and pay to get saved and pay for your family to get out of the pay pay. No, it's already paid for. It's already done. It's already finished. God's already done it. I can stand here upon his word because he's a faithful creator. And I know when I get to a place, he's going to make a way through it. Amen. I don't know sometimes how it's going to happen. It seems impossible. It seems like it ain't no way I'm going to get through this situation. But somehow God in his mercy opens up the way or he gives me wings to fly over or whatever he does. God is the faithful creator and he's faithful to you this morning. Let's bow our heads. finish our story. In case you don't know, Brother Justin's the one playing our bass this here at the church now. It's been back since, my goodness, 10, 11 years ago, somewhere in there. God rich in mercy. God rich in mercy. Satan always take from you more than what you can put out. He's an insurance scammer. Always taking more than what you can put out. But God will give you more than what you can put in. God is rich in mercy. How many would say, "Lord, help me to rely upon your faithfulness. Let me really see you, Lord, as Jehovah Gyra, my provider, a God rich in mercy and grace. Father, we ask Lord God that you would just let your word settle in our hearts today. We can see you as a faithful creator. So many examples of you being faithful and you are faithful. Thank you, Jesus. See, the hands are lifted all over this building, God. Sometimes our eyes get on a lot of circumstances and situations around us. God, help us to keep our eyes on you, the faithful one. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Stand to our feet for a moment. said, "Brother Timothy, what if all around me seems impossible? What if all what if it just seems like there ain't no way through this and it seems impossible?" Let me just read this out of Habacook 3. Maybe bring that up. Habacook 3 and verse 17. What am I to do, brother Timothy? When it seems like everything I try, everything it just like sand going through my fingers, what am I to do? Habacook 3 says, "Although the fig tree shall not blossom, although neither shall fruit be in the vines, maybe the labor of olive shall fail, and the field shall yield no meat, and the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herds in the stall." What? What am I to do? What? That sounds like an impossible situation. fig tree ain't blossoming. There ain't no fruit on the vines. The olive trees have fell and all fallen off the fruit. The fields ain't yielded to no meat. The flocks are cut off. And there shall be no herd in the stall. What am I to do yet? I will rejoice in the Lord. I will joy in the God of my salvation. For the Lord God is my strength and he will make my feet like Hines's feet. In other words, able to jump out of my situation, able to get out of this and he will make me a He'll make me to walk upon my high places. Hallelujah. Although it seems all around me is impossible, it seems like there's no way out, yet I will rejoice in the Lord. Are there any rejoicers in the house this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I tell you what, if God ain't done nothing for you, just go ahead and be quiet. But if God has done something for you, go ahead and praise him right now. If you see that he's providing for you, you see that he's working when he don't seem to be working. If you see that he's making a way when there seems to be no way, why don't you go ahead and lift up that hand and rejoice anyhow in the face of what troubles you. In spite of it all, I will rejoice cuz it ain't this stuff that gives me my strength. My God is my strength and he's going to make a way out of my situation. All I got to do is praise him. Listen, that's the truth. That's all you got to do. Break out of that thing. Don't let that thing hold you no longer. Don't let it set there on you no more. That depression that wants to come over you in the night time or that thing that wants to set upon you and say, "There ain't no way out of here. There ain't no way out of this situation. There ain't no way out of this trouble. There's no way this one's going to there's no way your child's going to say." Get out of that nonsense. My Lord will provide an a sacrifice. My God's a provider. I know he'll make a way when there seems to be no way. He's done it before and he'll do it again. He's my God and he's going to make it when I can't. He's going to give me the ability when I have none and I'm going to praise him for it. I'm going to magnify his name. Oh, let's sing this song to you. [Music] Yes, Lord, my provider. my [Music] proider. You are more than enough for me to hold around. You're my healer. By your stripes, I am set free. Jehovah, you are with me. You supply all my [Music] needs. You are more than God. More than anything. [Music] Beautiful [Music] vagina my proider. You are more than enough for me. You're [Music] over my healer. By your stripes I am set free [Music] over you are with me. You supply all my [Music] knees. Oh, you are more than [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Believe that God's been moving this whole week to set aside this time for us. If you have a need you just want to lift to him as we worship for a little bit longer. If you want to come up and pray, whatever it would be, don't let the opportunity pass you by. Amen. more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah, Lord, you heal all our diseases. Oh Lord, your stripes, Lord, by your stripes. Amen. I'm set free. You can claim that freedom for your family this morning. Claim each one of them. Say, you supply. You are with me. You are with me. And you supply. You supply all of my needs. Lord, you are more. You, Lord, are more than Yes, you're more than enough. Oh, for me. And you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God depended on any mortal man. You are not a God that's in need of wo everything we can get by your plan. That's just the way it is. Oh, and you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, right now. Yes. In the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And you're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name praise will ever Oh, you're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God and Lord, that's just the way it is. Oh, you are God alone. from before time began. For you are on your throne. You are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God. You're unchangeable, Lord. You're unchangeable. Oh, for my situation tonight. You're unshakable, Father. You're unstoppable. Oh, just tell them. Say that's what you are. Oh, unchangeable. Unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, sing it again. You are unchangeable. You're [Applause] [Music] unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. And you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. And right now and right now in the good times and bad. For you are on your throne and you are God alone and amazing grace shall always be. [Music] Oh, for it was praise. Oh, hallelujah. Therefore, all my liberty I do not know, Lord, just how You came to love me so. Oh, you look beyond all my faults. [Music] Oh, can you just tell them I'll forever Lord and I shall forever [Music] live. Oh yes, Lord. to view the cross. The cross where Jesus died for me. And how marvelous all the grace that call my falling soul. You loved me on all my fault. It was his grace that brought me out of darkness. It was God's grace. Brought me out of the dark. Oh, aren't you thankful? You can see the light into the light. Oh, where I can hear I can clearly see and I will shout it from. Oh from the mountains and the valleyies. Lord you looked you lift me up. Every one of my folks, you saw my [Music] [Applause] need and I shall [Music] forever my eyes to [Applause] Calary. Oh, to view the cross. The cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] And [Music] how the grace that my falling soul you look beyond. Oh my voice, my knees in peace like a [Applause] [Music] river and love like a mountain. The winds of your spirit they are blown. Oh everywhere and joy life. Oh f and healing streams of life. Oh come Holy Spirit. Oh let your fire fall. Oh peace like the river and love like a mountain. The winds of your [Applause] spirit are blowing everywhere. And joy, oh like a fountain and healing streams of life. Oh, come Holy Spirit. Oh, let your f Oh, say it again. Come Holy Spirit say come. Oh, Holy Spirit. Oh, let your fire. Oh, come Holy Spirit say come. Holy Spirit, let your Oh, sing it one more time. Come, Holy Spirit. Oh, [Music] come for Hallelujah. And now I'm casting all my cares on you. Oh, I know you love me and redemption by [Music] blood. Oh, that's the greatest love [Music] story for restoration. for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud. Oh, testify. My redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen. Oh, and he's coming back for you and me. And now I'm casting all my cares on you. Oh, I know you love me and redemption by love. Oh, that's the greatest love story for restoration. Oh, that's what seven angels in a cloud testify. Oh, my redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen. Oh, and he's coming back. Oh yes. Say it again. Now I'm casting him now. I'm casting all my cares on you. Yes, I know you love me and redemption my blood. Oh, that's the greatest love story for restoration. Oh, that's what seven angels in a cloud testify that my redeemer is no longer dead. Oh, he's coming back for you and me. And I can I will I do believe I can. I will. I do. Oh, I can. I will. I do believe that Jesus heals me now. Oh, I can. I will. I do believe I can. Oh, I do. Yes, I can. And I do believe that Jesus. Oh, I'm trusting only. I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trusting in the Lord. Let Jesus keep. Sing. I can. I will. Oh, I can. I will. I do believe. I will. I do believe. Amen. Amen. You're dismissed this afternoon. God bless you as you go now. Oh, I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trusting only in the Lord that Jesus heals me now. [Music]
