################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - The Mountain Movers Adopted Sons, Bringing Heaven to Earth - Bro. Tim Pruitt on March 23, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   The Mountain Movers: Adopted Sons, Bringing Heaven to Earth - Bro. Tim Pruitt on March 23, 2025
Speaker: Tim Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-G5Ux5KGaQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh no. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Hey. [Music] Love draw me. Oh nearer. Blessed Lord. Oh to thy friend this bleeding side. Draw me nearer. Oh draw me nearer. Yes nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross for thou has [Music] died. [Music] Coming. Oh nearer blessed. to thy precious [Music] lead. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters see. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the [Music] worshipers. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my God [Music] all. I surrender to the [Music] king. And Father, I see that you are drawing line in the sand. be standing at your side, holding your hands. Let your king down. Let it be in me. This is my prayer. This is my first word. All right. Oh, let the sun sing. I [Music] surrender. And father, I hear no louder. All of your redeemed has a bride. Every nation is the way you need to sing for my heart. Hear the praises ring. This is our song. Oh, let the worship. [Music] Oh [Music] great. Oh the worshiper. Oh worshiper. Oh, and [Applause] something I spread. Oh, I spread the king. I see the bride rejoicing. And father, I see the bride rejoicing in a song of victory. Every chain of death is broken. They have been set free. Oh, I worship. [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Oh, let the Let the [Music] [Applause] [Music] wor I spend all time in worship. The [Music] worship. Oh [Music] my. I feel the cold. I hear you and I know his spirit is good to hear [Music] my speak to me and I Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Lord and I and [Music] I begin to my I just know who you are. I can't [Music] sl here in my soul. I feel the Lord. I feel the Lord. Oh, I [Music] hear the Holy Spirit [Music] is all I know. [Music] speak. Oh, and I preach. I [Music] feel I come to hear the word and with each life and [Music] praise. Oh, he is calling me to give a higher praise. There's a deep call to me by your great mag. Oh, I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. For I feel the pull. How many feels that pull this morning? I feel more deep that calls into the deep. I hear it's got to be a deep response. Oh, and I know his word. He's moving me to give my all. [Music] Oh yes Lord and I [Music] agree. Oh Lord please [Music] come. Amen. Amen. Sister Janice Adams asked for prayer today as a stomach virus. Amen. We want to remember the shutins and those who would love to be here today. Amen. The Hollis family, Sister Marilyn, each one that would would love to be here no doubt this morning but can't for circumstances in their lives. We just ask the Lord to bless them today and move where they're at and the room that the L spirit of the Lord would just fall [Music] there. Had a request from a sister Peggy Kirk Patrick. They got hit by a tornado there in Missouri and also praying for her. Want prayer for her grandson Nathan facing some issues in his life. Ask the Lord's favor. How many would have a need today? You just want to ask the Lord to come by and speak to your heart and touch you today by his presence. I I believe he's mindful of every hand that's lifted before him and he knows the request that's upon your heart. Ask brother Joe if he'd come and take this service to the [Music] Lord. Amen. We have a visitor with us this morning. Mike Traml, nice, nice to have you here with us. Jason's father, glad to have you here. Make you welcome this morning. May you feel the presence of the Lord. Let's just go to to the Lord this morning. Take these needs. Father, what a great privilege we have this morning. We can serve you, Lord. Serve you free from any condemnation, Lord. Serve you free from any past failures and disappointments. Father, we're a people today that's been anointed by your spirit, Lord. And we so welcome your presence today. And Father, we're come just to Lord, to sing songs of adoration and give our praise and our honor and our worship unto you, Lord. Lord, we recognize many people today. Maybe set this time aside, Lord, for their extracurricular activities. But father, we as your children, we come in your presence, oh God, to just to hear the word of God, hear that that breath of eternal life to come and speak to our hearts and minister to our souls today. And God, we invite you. We not only, Lord, we invite you into this place, but we invite you into, Lord, this humanity of ours, God, that you would come and Lord, you'd burn out self and you'd burn out, Lord, all the cares of the world. And God, you'd burn out everything that's unlike you. And father, so fill us aresh and a new this morning God. May we be charged by your spirit Lord as we come Lord and we just enter into the service and create an atmosphere this morning Lord that we can not only make one another welcome but Father we make you welcome today. So God, come Lord and may you just Lord just be able to respond to every hand that was lifted, every knee that was read, Lord, you see my mom at home, Lord, sick in her body. We're asking, Lord, we just today we we dispatch the angels of heaven, God, and may you just go to her right now and touch her body. And Lord, be with brother Aaron as he's away ministering, Lord, an extension of the evening light tabernacle. God, may you anoint the service, Lord. Anoint his lips and anoint his thoughts, Lord, to be able to speak to the body of believers right there in North Carolina. Use him in a special way, Father. And Lord, I pray you'll know our pastor this morning. God, I pray you'll just, Lord, you see the word that you've laid before him. Lord, you see the notes and you see the thoughts, but God, unless you come and unless you anoint, Lord, God is just a man putting things together. But God, we believe it's more than a man. For when the word is preached, the angel of the Lord is accompanied by the word. So we just ask today, God, that you'll speak, speak to each and every heart, every life, our visitors, Lord. May they feel your presence. And God, may we worship you. May we worship you, Lord. Not just today, but every day that Lord, we that we awaken and you give us the joy to serve you. for this is the day that the Lord has made and we're going to rejoice and be glad in it. Father, so just have your way in this service now in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. Won't you turn around, shake one of those hand, welcome each other here today. Amen. If you have a visitor next to you, make them welcome. Amen. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. Amen. And as the brothers they would to take of the offer today. Tithes and offering just gives it unto the Lord. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the [Music] lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed. It's now my name. that I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been. What a difference it makes when the Lord has [Applause] God. Though my sins were as darling, they're wide as I was found. I am free. I was lost in the darkness. Oh, now I'm found. I was But now I see. Well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All my life has been relayed. What a difference you make when the Lord has way. All my life God has changed. When at last in his presence I'll stand up. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll make him forgive a race like me. A new home beyond the sky. Well, I've been chasing. All my life has been made. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has made all my life with God. Second mercy. And though my sins were as scared, they're white as snow. Oh, I'm free. Oh, I once lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I've seen. Well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference. Oh, praise God. When at last in his presence, when at last in his presence I'll stand above, he will find. Oh yes. From my eye and I'll make him give a face like me, a new home beyond the sky. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference to make when the Lord has made all my life. Praise God. Oh, I've been changed. I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn. All my life has been reared. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has when God has victory. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Victory today. Oh, I told Satan, give me the behind. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Today is mine. [Music] I told [Music] Satan for victory today. It is my joy in mine. Yes, your is my joy is my joy [Music] today. Well, I told Satan, give me joy today. When I woke up this morning, oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, oh yeah, I got a shout of victory." Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory [Music] today. Oh, victory today. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. Oh, is my life. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God I'm free. Amen. How many is free this morning? For a long time I traveled down along dusty road. My heart was so heavy. It's I say no that I heard. Oh my. Oh, what a wonderful [Music] hour. I'm so glad that I found out he can bring me out his saving power. Thank God I am free. Oh, free from this world s been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved by the wonderful gra. I'm so glad that I found out he can bring me out. Show me the way. Like a bird out of prison. Oh, that's taking it fly. Like a blind man that gone gave back his side. Like a poor wretched beggar has found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out his holy name. Thank God I am free. Oh, free from this world. I've been washing the blood. been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Oh yeah. I'm so glad that I found out. [Music] Show me the way. Amen. We'll let you be seated for a moment. You alone are all I need. Amen. I believe you alone are all I need. Yes, Lord. For you are my [Music] destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am clean. So draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me, Lord. Oh, draw me. Draw me, Lord. [Music] And I'll come running after you. You alone. You alone are all I need. For you are my destiny. You alone, Jesus. You alone are all I need. And you alone. Oh, I am complete. So draw me. So draw me. Draw me. Oh yes, Jesus. And I'll cover everything after you. Draw me, draw me, [Music] Lord, and I'll come running. Oh, draw [Music] me, draw me, draw me. Oh yeah. How come I [Music] [Music] feel how come running one more time? Draw [Music] me. Draw me. [Music] Draw me Lord. I'll come running after [Music] you. Draw me. Draw Lord. I'll come after you. Amen. Bless my sister make us sing. [Music] I know You're tired. I know you're weak. And all of that fighting's got you down on your knees. You're desperate for change. You're desperate to know if there's a light still alive. Child, lift up your eyes. for your help draws nigh. Child, lift up your eyes. It'll be all right. Every tear you've cried. Let the sunlight dry. Every tear you've cried. It'll be all right if you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs, you're not done. I'll be your strength. I'll be your song. And I'll be the solid rock that you can't stand on. I'm with you always. I'm never alone cuz I'm right by your side. Child, lift up your eyes. For your help draws nigh. I lift up your eyes. It'll be all right. Every tear you cry. Let the sunlight dry. Every tear you cry. It'll be all right. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. You're not done. Oh child, lift up your eyes. For your help draws nigh. Child, lift up your eyes. It'll be all right. Every tear you cry. Let the sunlight dry. Every tear you cry. It'll be all right. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. If you still have breath in your lungs. You're not done. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many has breath in their lungs this morning? Amen. I believe that's 100% right or you wouldn't be here this morning. So that means you're not done. Hallelujah. Amen. But the Lord is nigh you right now to come and help you and to deliver you. Amen. What a wonderful savior we had. We have grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will cover all of my sins. [Music] Grace. Grace. God's grace. [Music] and cleans within grace. Grace, God's grace, grace is greater than all. Oh, aren't you thankful for his grace? It's grace. Grace, God's grace, grace that will pardon and cleanse. Oh, within grace, grace. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Grace is gater than all. One more time. Grace is grace. Grace, God's grace, grace that will part and cleanse. Oh, within grace, grace. God's grace, grace that is greater than all my sins. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes alone. A hopeless case, an empty place. Oh yes, if not for grace. Where would I [Music] be? Where would I be? Oh, you only know. [Music] I'm glad you see through eyes. Oh, a hopeless case, an empty place and deep not for grace. Oh, if not for amazing grace. [Music] Oh, how sweet the sound. How sweet the sound. Thank you, Jesus. I once was lost. I once was lost. Was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. But now I'm like in a hopeless case. A hopeless case. Oh, an empty place. If not, oh amazing [Music] grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Oh, I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, a hopeless cave. Yes, an empty place. Save not. Precious Lord, take my hand. Oh, precious Lord, please take my hand. Oh, lead me. Oh, oh, help me stand. A homeless case, an empty place if not for praise. Let's stand together this morning as we get ready for the word. Just sing that song, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You believe he's here this morning. Yes, sir. You believe he's here to meet needs and to touch hearts. Yes, sir. Amen. If you really believe he's here, why don't you just lift that hand and say, "I want to reach out and touch you this morning. Lord, I I don't want to let you go by me and may not recognize your presence around me. Lord, I want to reach out to you today and say, "Father, thou son of David, have mercy on me. Reach down and touch my need, oh God. And may I respond to you today, Father. Oh, reach out, touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. What if this is your moment? Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he does. Oh, reach out. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he passes by, you'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart. He's fast. [Music] her needs to smile. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. One more time, reach out. Just reach out right now. Touch him this morning. And whatever needs you have in your life, let him speak to you. Let him reveal himself to you through the word. He's not too busy. Oh no. Amen. He ever lives to make intercession on your behalf this morning. Your needs to supply. So reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. And they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, and they shall mount up with wings and an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Father, as we bow our heads before you today, we want to thank you for the grace of God, the favor that's upon our lives, for your mercy that endures to all generations. Lord, it speaks to hearts, speaks to life. I pray Lord you'll speak today and reveal yourself through the word. Oh God may that you just take the word of God and write it within our hearts within our own natures so that we will be the manifested word of God. We're your children today, Lord. We're waiting upon you. We're asking, Lord, that you'll minister to our hearts, Lord. that you'll lift us up above the shadows, the troubles of this world, Lord, and and cause us to go and to rise into heavenly places in Christ Jesus. To come boldly before the throne of grace and find help in our time of need, knowing Lord that we as children have a right to your presence through our birth, which is through the blood of Jesus. We ask God your blessings upon us today. May your Holy Spirit just speak to us Lord through the word. And oh God, I'm just a man and I I have before me Lord fragments of thoughts and scriptures that come from the word of God and and and Lord, that's what they are. They're just little fragments laying out there. But if you'll just take them, Father, and you'll take them and bring it as a message to your people, Lord, not just a a word that is a letter that I kill, but a spirit with it that'll make it a living word. May the power and the anointing of our Christ be with us today. Will you give ears to the hearer to hear? Will you give Lord uncction to the speaker to speak? for we can do nothing without you. And we're asking now, Father, you'll just move us aside this morning. And let your Holy Spirit speak in ways that man cannot. Minister the hearts of men and women. There are some that are sick this morning. May they know that there's a healer in the house. And that's not just another man, but it's the man Christ Jesus who is wounded for our transgressions, who was bruised for our iniquities, who the chastisement of our peace was upon him when he laid aside his godship to become man and walk among us to take on human battles. I pray Lord that you will bless your people today. those under the sound of my voice, those as enter on the internet listening, those that are in the nursing homes and and and and shut away, Lord, not able to come to service today, maybe in their homes gathered, you know what their need is. Father, may the Holy Spirit, the abiding presence of God just come down and take its abode with them today. May the Holy Spirit just overshadow them. It's in the name of Jesus we ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. We so appreciate the Lord and wonderful worship unto him. And I believe that he draws nigh as we worship him as the praises of the people of God up into his presence. He draws near to come among us. And so I'm so happy that you're here today. We just pray that you'll be blessed in his presence. Amen. If you are a stranger here, you don't need to remain that. Amen. We We want to be friends with the body of Christ, whoever they are, wherever they are. And we're just so happy that you've assembled with us. Those of you that are online watching, we love you. And we just send our greetings to Sister Marilyn Griffith. She's there in the um nursing home in in mind. and um she's got a screen set up and able to to view the service today. So um you uh we just want to send her greetings today and our love and to all the ones that are listening in. Amen. Those that uh sometimes cannot come to church because of age that are gathered in their homes today and we pray that you'll you'll be blessed today in with his presence. Amen. And if you'll turn with me to Revelation chapter 5, we're going to get right into the word today. And you know, it's it's never a lack of anything to preach. God has given us abundant treasures in his word. And and so we we have no lack this morning. But we we do pray for the anointing of the spirit of God because without that uh it's all in vain. And we're just pray that God will help us to um help us to speak words today that would be lifegiving and and inspiring that would inspire our hearts to press forward. Amen. To move on in the things of God. Today we're going to be speaking on the mountain movers on the adopted sons bringing heaven to earth. And I'm going to just as you're looking there, Revelation 5, we're going to just tell you our theme again comes from Zechariah 4:7. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying, grace, grace. That's God's double favor unto it. Amen. Revelation 5:1. And one of the elders said unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and of the in the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns, and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits, sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of the saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof, for thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and has made us unto our God kings and priest, and we shall reign on the earth. And because man is now in the process of taking the book of title to the earth, this positions us as kings and priests, and we shall bring heaven's dominion and rule on the earth. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Now just um maybe a little bit of review before we get into the the message and bring some new material this morning. But I just wanted to continue this thought that we have been speaking on and and of course you know the we've been speak speaking on the sealed book the titled deed to the earth and I want to say that this includes your earth your flesh your body and not only that but the bodies of all the saints um who we look for in the resurrection and uh I believe we're living in that day in that hour. Now in his divine vision, uh John beheld the Almighty seated upon the throne. Now there wasn't three sitting on the throne. There was but one sitting on the throne. And in his right hand was a book that was sealed with seven seals. And then then we see that this scene will change and and in Revelation five, we will see him step forth um and and he comes now as a lamb. And he's a funnyl looking lamb to us because it's all symbolic of what that he is doing upon the earth. His work in the gentile ages. And he has seven horns which has seven eyes which are seven ages and seven messengers through which God will deal with the gentile dispensation. And and and so uh he holds in his hand now a book that is sealed with seven seals. And we asked the question, what is this book? It was the title deed to the earth. The very inheritance promised by God to his redeemed. The Bible said, "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth." You see, the earth does not belong to the arrogant, the rebellious, or those who reject reject Christ's lordship, but it it belongs to those who humble themselves before God and will submit fully to his word. Now, this is the requirement to get the preeminence back in his people so that he can take us back to Eden again. So the Bible tells you in John James 4:10, humble yourself before the Lord and he will exalt you. So you see, submission though will require more than just a a humble attitude of a stooped shoulder and a bowed head, but it requires resisting the devil. Amen. It it requires standing firm in faith, knowing that when we resist him, he will flee. Amen. Now, so we know that that and we went over last Sunday about the loss of dominion and Adam's tragic ex exchange, but we know in our review that that from Genesis 1:26 that it shows that Adam was God's son. Thus, it was he was his representative on the earth, given dominion over all creation. But through disobedience, he sold himself along with his descendants into the bondage of Satan's dominion. Instead of remaining in obedience to God, he chose to follow his wife in deception. And in that moment, Satan asserted Adam's authority and became the prince of the power of the air. And so we we know then uh you know heaven was once upon the earth in the form of Eden and and and there was a channel between man and God. So it was a place where heaven flowed freely to the earth. A paradise sustained by the unbroken presence of God. the atmosphere of heaven descended through a divine corridor and filling the earth with life and peace and God's glory. But when Adam sinned, that channel became blocked. The prince of the power of the air set up all kinds of of barriers of sin and fear and doubt and unbelief that would cut off the flow of divine life to humanity. The earth that was once an extension of heaven was now subject to the curse. And Satan seized control, but not as a rightful owner. For he cannot own what God created, but as a squatter possessing through deception what Adam lost through disobedience. But God's plan of redemption was already in motion. Remember what was first. It wasn't the sinner. It was the savior. For the Bible said he was a lamb slain before the foundation of the world. God already had a plan. This was already in his mind. Amen. So the plan of redemption was already in motion. The title deed would not re would not remain out of the hands of his rightful owners, but the lamb would reclaim it. So now through Christ's victory at Calvary, the sealed book, the title of the earth would soon be claimed and open and Satan's dominion was broken and the inheritance of the saints was restored. As we have quoted already, the meek shall inherit the earth. Those who humble themselves will be exalted, and those that will resist the devil will see him flee. Amen. Now the corridor between heaven and earth is now being restored through Christ through the sending of the Holy Ghost that comes to dwell in man. The flow of divine life has already begun. And now the seals have been broken. The title deed have been has been reclaimed and placed in the hands of man. And now the kingdom of God will be fully reestablished upon the earth. Amen. What a day we're living in. Now, as I've quoted from the future home, all the sins that's in the heaven above, he is the prince of the power of the air. He keeps off or wards off the blessings from God. If there comes thunderbolts of lightning and strikes the earth and everything from the heavens, sheets of slashing rain, typhoon, storms, everything comes from above, which Satan is the prince of the power of the air. Amen. So now here's Satan. Now, of course, he's still here upon the earth. He's still the squatter. He's still the one trying to possess what Christ has redeemed. But I want to remind you that in the beginning, man was created to rule to have dominion over the earth. But when Adam sinned, he forfeited his authority, handed over his God-given title deed to Satan, but Satan could not take it. His dirty hands could not take it. So therefore, his his he cannot legally own it, but he has possessed it for these past 6,000 years. He's been clinging to it with all his might. He's been refusing to relinquish what was never rightfully his. Humanity was lost. The earth was cursed and dominion stripped from man. But God had a plan. I want you to remember this. God's got a plan for your life this morning. He has not forgotten his people. He has not forgotten you. God has a plan for each and every one of us. And he has a plan of redemption. And God would not allow Satan to have the title deed. He would not forsake the earth or abandon his creation. But in the in the fullness of time, God stepped into human flesh, bypassing the fallen nature of man, born of a virgin without sin. Oh, glorious be to God. He comes as a second Adam to fight Satan, not as God, but as a man. And at Calvary, he strikes his final blow. Through the cross, Jesus shattered the strongholds of darkness. Colossians 2:15 says, "Having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphant over them in it." You see, he stripped all the spiritual tyrants in the universe of their sham authority at the cross and march them naked through the street. I want you to understand like a mighty conqueror, he stripped Satan of every power that he had, disarming every power and principality and stripping them of their armor, leaving them exposed and powerless. And the forces that once enslaved mankind were now brought to nothing. But he didn't stop there. Through his ascension, Jesus tore the bearers of Satan's dominion and he broke open heaven's atmosphere and he restored access to God's presence. He opened up a stairway between God and man where that man who was once forbidden to come in his presence because of sin now could approach the throne boldly. Amen. Before Christ's victory, sin had created an impenetrable blockade between man and God. But oh, that changed that day on Calvary. There at that day on Calvary, the veil of the temple was torn into. What was that showing? The way into the holiness, holiest of all was now open for everybody. And Jesus became the only way to God. The only approach to spirit God the father was through Jesus Christ. He is the only one that we can approach by this morning. And no longer no longer was God distance, unapproachable, dwelling in a light where no one could come. But but through Jesus, the the divine connection was now restored. How wonderful this is. Amen. It rejoices my heart when I think about it as my mind goes back as we spoke last Sunday of Nathaniel first encountered Jesus and the revelation struck him. Throw out the son of God. Amen. Thou art the king of Israel. And Jesus responded with his promise here. Hereafter you will see the heavens open and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the son of man. You see, he was revealing himself as the divine connection. The stairway between heaven and earth had been restored. The blessings of God could now descend upon man once more. how through the man Christ Jesus. Amen. Only and on the day of Pentecost there was 120 of them recognize him not just as a prophet. Amen. But as the exalted son of God, the king. Amen. Peter would unlock the door to the kingdom in Acts 2:38 calling every one of them repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and receive the Holy Ghost. And the moment they received him as Lord and was submissive to his word, heaven opened and the Holy Ghost descended upon man. Hallelujah. Jesus did everything that he did as a man. Stepping into humanity and stepping into humanity's battles to win back all that Adam lost. He triumphed over Satan. He stripped him of his weapons. He reclaimed dominion for the sons of God. Let me tell you this morning, Satan is a defeated squatter. Amen. He has been legally stripped of his power. Oh, he still lingers. He still operates by deception, but he's a squatter bluffing believers into thinking they have no rights in Christ. think of that. But we must recognize our position. We are not bound. We are not slaves to sin. We are not to be slaves to sickness or to fear. We are sons and daughters of the king. We are rightful heirs of the promise. I tell you, if ever there was a time, it's time to rise in faith. It's time to cast the squatter out. It's time to reclaim what Jesus has restored. He opened up the way. The stairway is set and through him the connection between heaven and earth is fully restored. Amen. Amen. You know, we often heard of the story of of of Arnold von Winkler. Get me this in a glass. We've all often heard the story of Arnold von Winkler. He was um it's a story of a a man a hero in Switzerland where there was a time when the Swiss people of simple and free had built their homes in the mountains. They were praying working people and and and they were raising their families in peace. But one day that peace was shattered. A great invading army came marching in. seemingly it was unstoppable. They burned homes and slaughtered children and rabbis women in the street and they tore apart the the very fabric of Swiss life with no trained army, no weapons of war. The the Swiss gathered at the foot of the mountains, men who had never fought a battle, armed themselves with just plow shares and pruning hooks and sticks and stones. And they faced a great host uh and force of of trained soldiers that were clad in armor that was marching in perfect unison. They were seemingly unstoppable. Their long spears formed an imp impregnable wall and glinted in the sun as they pressed forward and and the Swiss were outnumbered. They were outned. They were backed in the corner. Defeat loomed over them like a shadow. Their beloved beloved country was cheetahed on on the brink of destruction. Something anything had to be done. And from among them stood a young man that stepped forth. His name was Arnold von Winkler. And with fire in his eyes, he said, "This day, I will give my life for my country." And they looked at him stunned. What are you going to do? He said, "I'll tell you what. Across those mountains there, there is a small white home. There's a loving wife. There's three little children, but they'll never see me again. For today, I will die for Switzerland." The men stood there with their hearts pounding, wondering, "What was he going to do? What will you do, Arnold Van Winkler? And he turned with his voice rising and and he says, I'll tell you what you do. You follow me and you fight with all you have and fight with all you might. And then in a single moment there, he threw down his weapon. He raised his hands toward the heavens. He let out a cry that shook the battlefields, "Make way for liberty. Make way for liberty." And he ran right into the heart of the enemy. He searched for the thickest line of spears and threw himself into them and gathered them in his arms and pulling them to his chest. Hundreds of of of sharps points pierced his body and he collapsed bringing those deadly weapons with him. But in that moment, something happened. The Swiss shoulders soldiers seeing their sacrifice and felt a fire ignite within them and know they had nothing but their crude tool tools and they rush very fast and furious forward breaking through the stunned enemy's ranks. and breaking through. They they fought not just with weapons but with a spirit of a free people and they drove the invaders from their land. That day Switzerland was was saved. That day forward peace reigned. And if you would hear over in Switzerland there there is even statues and and displays of his heroism as they remember their hero. But let me tell you that was very little to what our Jesus did. The human race was backed in a corner. The sons of Adam was under the bondage of death and sickness that had surrounded them. The law and the prophets had failed them. And everything seemed to be hopeless. The law had failed to bring peace. It told them what was right, but it and what was wrong, but it gave them no power to live it. The prophets had fought h, you know, to to to bring forth truth, but they they failed to bring forth the forgiveness of sin. They could only bring forth condemnation. You see, the battle is going against mankind. Satan was winning. It had been 500 years since the prophet Malachi had last spoken God's word. The last time that they had heard the voice of God when God's word had it broke through the quarters of heaven and and all man had left was just a skeleton of religious forms. Mankind was in disarray. They were routed by confusion. Diseases and sin had forced them into a place there was no hope left. They had rejected God's guidance. They were in a mess. And Adam's race stood quivering and shaking and seemed like nothing could be done. For hell was opening up his bosom to swallow them. But in glory, there was somebody stepped up forth. Amen. It's that lamb we're talking about. It's that lamb that stepped forth. Amen. Where God took on humanity. Amen. And said, "I'll go. I'll go. What will you do?" Say the angels. Where you watch? I'll become one of them. I'll go down and take on human battles. I'll roll myself in flesh like them. Amen. And he looked to where man's greatest fears lay. Where the thickness of darkness lay, where that monster called death, where man feared the most. And he conquered. Amen. He conquered it. Amen. He not only conquered it, but he ascended on high. And he never sit down just another theological faith and a bunch of man's teaching. But no sir, he sent back the Holy Ghost. Amen. He said, "Take this power. Take this Holy Ghost and fight with everything you have." Amen. Take this and follow me in the battle. As the father has sent me, so send you. How did the father send him? The father that sent him went in him. Hallelujah. Come on. Christ come to earth not only to redeem mankind but to fight and to overcome the battles. Humanity just could not win on their own. So he took on flesh to face your temptations, your sins. He knew no sins, but he would take on your sins and he would face temptation, sin, death, and Satan himself all on our behalf. Think of that for a moment. Now, let's just look at some key scriptures to show how Jesus came to fight and win our battles. In Hebrews chapter 2:14 says, "For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood. He himself likewise took on the same part of the same that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death that is the devil and deliver them who through the fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage. So Jesus took on human flesh. notice. So he could confront Satan on equal ground and defeat him through his death and his resurrection. The Bible said in and showed us in Matthew 4 how of the temptation of Jesus in the wilderness that he fought temptation and he overcame it for us. Amen. Amen. Now he is God could not be tempted. So he become a man to face your temptations. And Hebrews 4:15 says, "For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feelings of our firmity, but was in all points tempted like we are yet without sin." So Jesus faced every temptation we do. But where Adam and all of humanity and the law and the prophets failed, Jesus Christ prevailed. Amen. and he fought against the works of the devil. The Bible said in 1 John 3:8, "For this purpose was the son of God manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil." Let me tell you, anytime he's manifested, anytime he reveals himself, it's always for that reason, to destroy the works of the devil. Hallelujah. You see, Jesus came to dismantle Satan's kingdom. to break the chains of sin, to break the chains of sickness and death that held mankind captive. He won the battle at the cross as we have already quoted. He spoiled principalities, made his show of them openly, triumphant over them in it. That through his death, his burial, his resurrection, Jesus stripped Satan of his thlen authority and marched him in open defeat. Hallelujah. In his triumphant, in his triumphant resurrection, when he rose, he was marching. He marched death right through the street. I've overcome it. He marched sickness, disease, and affliction and fear and temptation. He marked them all down the street and show defeated. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. He fought death, hell, and the grave and conquered them. Hallelujah. As he says in Revelation 1:18, "I am he that liveth and was dead. But behold, look, I am alive forever more." Amen. And I have the keys of hell and of death. Amen. That's right. The greatest battle ever ever fought, the greatest battle fought was at the grave when he went to the lowest regions of the earth. The Bible said that he that ascended descended also to the lowest regions down into hell itself. But let me tell you about it. Jesus emerged victorious. And now you don't have to go to hell. Because he went there for you. Hallelujah. You know the devil was the devil and his angels have no power over you. Listen, let me tell you, hell was not created for you. Hell was created for the devil and his angels. It's not created for sons of God. Hallelujah. But I tell you what, because you because of sin, the way you were born the first time, you had to have redemption. And he went to hell in your place, taken your punishment, and rose up again triumphant. [Applause] And he took the keys of death and of hell and broke their power over mankind. Think of that. What a glorious savior we have this morning. He fought to restore the connection between God and man. Jesus said in John 14 and6, "I am the way, the truth, and the life, and no one can come to the father but by me." He is man's only approach to God. Is when God became a man, the barrier between God and man was shattered. when Christ made a way back for us into the presence of the father. I want you to see this. Remember it's of vital importance to understand that he did not take the book for man as God. God had the book. He became a man to take it back for man. But let me tell you friends, he's not through fighting. He still fights for us now. The Bible says in Romans 8:34, "Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died, yay, that is risen again, that is even at the right hand of God who also maketh intercession for us." Amen. Amen. As he said in the ancient book of Exodus, and that Exodus, the Lord shall fight for you, and you shall hold your peace. Amen. Even today, Jesus is fighting for his people. He stands as our intercessor, ensuring victory in every battle. Oh, hallelujah. Let me just tell you friends, back in in Moses day in that Exodus when the when they when the Amorites came against Israel, he sat down upon a rock and his hands was lifted up toward the heavens. as his hands would get tired and go down. Israel would look and see, you know, that Moses' hands come down and the battle would go against him. And finally, it was Joshua and and I believe it was her that reached up and took a side on each side and lifted up the arms of Moses so that they couldn't fall down. Amen. But when Jesus went to the cross, it was nailed to the cross so it couldn't fall down. And every one of you in your battle could look away to Jesus and you can see him as one triumph. Hallelujah. And you can win the battle over your sickness, your problem, your situation, your besetting sin. Hallelujah. But there's going to be a final victory lays in the future. Romans n Revelation 19 shows I saw heaven open. And behold, a white horse, and he that sat on him is called faithful and true, and in righteousness does he judge and make war. And he had on his vest and on his thigh a name written, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Amen. The battle's not over. You see, Jesus won the victory at the cross, but soon he will come as a conquering king to establish his eternal kingdom. And every battle we face, I want you to know Christ has already fought it and won it. Through him, we walk in victory. Amen. So when Satan battles and he throws his atmosphere of doubt and depression and sickness and sorrow, I want to tell you, do what the Bible said. Cast down his imagination. Hurl him down and use the word to do it. For no weapon formed against you can prosper. Amen. He was wounded for my transgressions. He was bruised for my iniquity. and by his stripes I am healed, delivered, set free, victorious. I'll tell you what, this morning I want you to cast down those fears. I want you to dash them into pieces. Those complexes, the unbelief, the doubts. And while you're at it, I want you to destroy those besetting sins. You got to pick up the powerful weapon of the Holy Ghost. Oh yeah. That transforms our inner being and makes us a new creature in Christ and fight our way through the powers of darkness of this sinful world and and break every stronghold. Oh yeah. Every stronghold of doubt or unbelief and do it by the righteousness and the resurrection power of Jesus Christ. Amen. I tell you what, you know, we we ourselves need a revival. Amen. Not by adding more complacent church members who who are only here to warm up you. Oh, God forbid we got enough of them. But what we need is a refilling of the Holy Ghost, reviving the lukewarm and the complacent believers. Amen. We have to rise up and fight against our enemy and heal the sick and cast out devils. And as freely as we receive, freely give it. Amen. And bring back to God's people that liberty that we're to have in Christ. Let the signs follow the believers. We already have the strongest weapon. We have the Holy Ghost himself. We're not fighting this battle alone. Amen. Amen. You don't need more power. You just need to use that power. You got to fight for what you have. if you're going to possess it. Amen. Yeah. The devil was disarmed at Calvary, but you're going to have to force him off. He's a squatter. He'll squat right there on your promises and try to keep you from possessing them. I use a historical figure a while ago, but let me use a biblical figure that was often used of Shamgar. You know, he's he's almost unknown except for a small verse or two in the Bible. And just in the book of Judges, you find two verses that mentions his name. It was a day a lot like our day where men do whatever's right in their own sight. And because of Aaron from God, the the Philistines invaded and they uh they had a great tricks up their sleeve, brother. They they didn't just come and take the land. No, they let them till their land, live there, let them plant their crops and till it and and and harvest it. And once it was harvested, they would come with bands of 600 or more and take possessions of those harvested crops. And Shamgar had raised a good crop. And the year before the Philistines had come and stolen it from him. And while at the barn that day after the harvest, while he was resting, he was just thinking of the hard toil, the planting, the tilling, the labor, you know, the gatherings, fighting off the the the animals that would want to eat his crop, pushing back the the grasshoppers, you know, plucking up the weeds. and he's looking at it and looking over at his wife and little children who had worked so hard and thinking, "Well, just hopefully we'll be able to eat this winter and not starve." And about that time, he hears the stomping of 600 fierce Philistines. Yeah. 600 of them. He was overpowered. He was only one man against 600. Oh my. Here they are again to take away our food. You know, we we will starve this winter. What can we do? What can I do against 600? I'll just have to let them take it. We'll starve again. You know, that's the way the devil will do. He'll let you build up a little something. Then come and knock the props out from under you. And the reason is cuz you let him do it. I'm telling you, he's a bluff. He has no legal rights. Amen. Amen. But if you got an experience of God, of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, let me remind you, he stripped Satan of every power that he has and took it away from him and robbed him, stripped him, and gave the power to the church. And he said, "Now you do the works that I did." Amen. That's right. He took the sword out of Satan's hand and he put it in your hand. Amen. Amen. Somebody ought to shout it about that. Amen. I don't know why your tongue is tied this morning, but break forth. Break out of those shackles. You're children of liberty this morning. Amen. Rejoice in the word of truth. Amen. Shar thought, if I was just only a soldier, you know, if I just had an army, I don't even have a sword. I don't even have a spear. I'm not trained to fight. I I I'm not a soldier. I'm just a farmer. And what could one man do against 600? Think about that. How many excuses do we make? When God made you, his seed of Abraham, possessors of the enemy's gates. And looking around, he saw his poor little wife holding her hands up to her face, crying. looked at his little children with drunk and pale faces. They were crying, facing sure salv starvation again. You know that's the way it is. You get a good meeting, every time you get one started, there'll be some old hypocrite, some Satan spy will come in and say, "Days of miracles are passed. You might as well stop this." Come on. Amen. That's the devil. Every time the church just going up good and and you somebody will slip in and say, "Ah, that's just all emotion. It's just enthusiasm. It's just worked up. It's just fanaticism." That's the way the devil does it. He's a robber. Amen. He's just an old Philistine coming back again. We chased him out before. Let's chase him out again. Come on. He don't belong in the house of God. Amen. That unbelief doesn't belong among us. Let somebody get a blessing and you just ah they're in the flesh. Let me tell you, you ought to get in the flesh like that one time. Well, when the spirit of God comes down upon you and you lose your humanity a while, lifted up in the heavenly where all things are possible. Samar looked and more he looked, there was something that rose up in him. Amen. You know how it is. The stadiums always have it as a motto for their teams saying it ain't the size of the dog. And the fight is the sight of the fight of the dog. Amen, brother. There was there was a fight rose up in Shamgar. I'm not taking this one more day. Amen. What about you today? How many Shamgars are in this building that said, "I'm not putting up with the devil. Not one more day. Not one more minute. One more and one more night. He didn't have a weapon, but he had an ox go. Amen. Something just a stick he prodded the ox with. And he struck the first one. And he struck another one. And he struck another one until he slew 600 of them. I tell you what, you do not need to stop fighting until every enemy you got is dead. Yeah. We must fight if we're going to reign. Hallelujah. Now, Jesus made a way for us to go into God's presence through the way, through the stairway. The ladder, Jacob's ladder, the Holy Ghost descended, and heaven came down to live in man. The king and his kingdom now was now within them. Eden had begun in the soul and you as a believer can bring heaven's atmosphere down with his blessings and his power right into your Eden that's been created by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Lord. So, Satan can threaten us. He can bluff us. He can try to intimidate us. But he cannot stop us. He cannot stop us from going boldly. Hallelujah. Boldly. That's right. in the presence of God to go before the throne of grace to find help and favor in our time of need. Satan has no legal rights. He might claim rights over you, but they are false claims. Jesus rendered them void and illegal at Calvary and nailed them to his cross. Amen. And our battle that continues today is to bring heaven's atmosphere, to bring heaven down for your situations and your circumstances. When we have sinners among us, and we we do, if you're lost in sin, we need heaven's atmosphere. Amen. I I I think of an altar call that brother Brandham gave, you know, where some had given their lives to Christ and and he prayed this prayer. And let me just share it with you. I know nothing else to do Lord but say this that you said no man can come to me except my father draws him first and all that the father has given me will come to him and from the back of these hands which I do believe was sincere that was lifted hands to you Lord Jesus I I pray then as your servant I give them to you as the tokens of this meeting here charging the devil not to touch them again they are God's property hands off Satan until they're fully established and know how to behave themsself and to resist the enemy. I charge the enemy through Jesus Christ to stay away from them. May the loving Holy Spirit take them, lead them to water baptism, to the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and sealing them into the kingdom of God until the coming and appearing of the visible body of the Lord Jesus to catch away his bride. They are yours, Father. Hallelujah. Amen. Presenting them as God's property, saying to Satan, "Take your hands off of them." Amen. Again, he says in the future home, "One time I was his his property, but not now." One time the little woman at the well was his property, but not now. See, he came to loose the grip of it. He loosed the grip of sin, of Satan, upon my life, upon your life, and now we're not his. How many times have you heard me say in prayer, "Take your hands off of God's property." You see, have faith to claim your own. That's your right. Take your hands off of her. Take your hands off of him. That's the duty of the church. Amen. to bind Satan's power to say, "Satan, take your hands off of God's property." Oh, well, our body belongs to Satan. No, he's just a squatter on it. Oh, no. Our body doesn't belong to Satan. It's been listen to me. Amen. You are not your own. You have been bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body. Your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. You do not belong to the devil. That's right. Your body does not belong to the devil. Amen. You ought to look at that spirit that's attacking your body and your health today and say, "Satan, get off of my back. I am not your property. I am the redeemed product of Jesus Christ. I belong to him." And if that devil tries to send you to a premature grave, tries to you up, I want you to read God's abstract title deed that says, "By his stripes, you were healed." And if he don't want to move, he don't believe you, and he don't respect what you say, I'll tell you, there is a Holy Ghost here that is the enforcer of the title deed. Amen. The law of God to kick him out. Amen. Call Jesus on the scene. Amen. Amen. Find out if something don't take place, the angels of God will take their position and the devil will have to get out. Amen. As you stand toe-to-toe with the devil and say, "I believe the word to be truth." Standing on the basis of Satan is stripped of his power. The only thing he can do is accuse. Brother Brandon would often in the divine healing mo movements declare over and over, Satan is a bluff. He's only lying to you. Let me just share a couple of these. These comes from from the divine healing movements of the 40s and 50s. Let me just share them to with you where he says, "You know what? What ought to happen to you here on the CS and stretchers this afternoon? just get a little mad at the devil. I want to ask you, when's the last time you got mad at the devil? I'd see a lot of people getting angry with God. Why are you letting this happen to me? God say to you, I paid for you, Calvary. Why ain't you taking it? Hallelujah. I not only I not only g, you know, gave you the promise. I equipped you with the Holy Ghost. Cast him out. Amen. get a little mad at the devil. Said, "You old lion, rascal, you're a liar. Christ made me free and I don't have to sit like this no more. Get out of here." Toad tow the line with him. He hasn't got a bit of authority. Jesus stripped him of every legal right he had when he died at Calvary. The whole question of salvation and healing was settled at Calvary. Let me tell you, healing is like salvation. is already paid for. It's already done. So, I get saved at the altar. No, you recognize your salvation at the altar. He already saved you at Calvary. You just recognize the price has been paid and you're free. Amen. The devil's the devil's weapons are are tactics that he has is deception, temptation, doubt, fear, pride, negativity. He uses these as tools to undermine your faith. Why does he want to undermine your faith? Because without faith, you cannot please God. And when you waver in faith, let not that man think he'll receive anything from the Lord. So your whole access to God is by faith in his name. So he says again, what can I what could I do? What can I say? I say to every one of you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that every person in here was healed when Jesus died at Calvary. It's your possession. I ask you to raise your hand. who was was Christians. Your hands went up everywhere. You have a legal right then to everything Jesus Christ paid for. He died for his died his death at the cross. He gave his life that you might have the legal rights to every redemptive blessing that he died for. It's yours. You are just afraid. Amen. To possess it. You're afraid to claim it. Right. Oh, how many times I hear people say, "Well, I got a blessing in church Sunday." I'll tell you what's out Monday. The devil's going to attack. What are you worried about him for? It's time for you to attack back. Amen. Monday ought to be as good as Sunday for a child of God to take the word of God and defeat the devil. Amen. If he can be defeated on Sunday, he can be defeated on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday, on Thursday, on Friday, on Saturday, and Sunday. Again, we're not weekend warriors. We're warriors every day. If you're a Christian, you have a right, a legal right, for everything Christ died for. It's your possession. You own it. It's yours. Like Abraham, he wasn't a trained soldier. His brother Lot got in trouble. His his nephew, but I tell you what, he disarmed his soldiers with whatever they had and 300 one of them after his brother. I am a possessor. Amen. He endured the fight. He obtained the promise. But Satan just don't let you take it easy. You You must have faith. You have to believe. You have to endure like he told Moses, "The land is yours, but it's full of Philistines. It's full of Amorites and Jebusites. I've judged them. You just go take it." Amen. You, you know, you drive them out. I've left something for you to do. God gives us a promised land of the word. Amen. And he wants you, Amen, to stand on that promise and claim it as yours and fight every demon spirit off of it. Amen. But Satan will stand right along the pathway, the highway to heaven and try to block your path to the God's presence and condemn you while doing so. Remember, he has no weapon, but he is the accuser of the brethren. He'll even accuse God. Yeah, that sucker. He's a bold one. You know, he comes with deception and lies. The devil presented is presented as a master of deception. He used halftruths and outright lies to manipulate, mislead people. He did this from the Garden of Eden onward. Temptation. The devil uses temptation in many forms to entice people to sin and pursue pleasure or gain to pull you off the path. He'll use fear and its companion worry. All right? Fear of failure, fear of rejection, fear of the unknown. Those are powerful weapons and the devil uses them to paralyze paralyze people and prevent them from pursuing uh their goals and walking in faith. Fear is one of the most controlling emotions that a person can experience. The stock market goes up and down every day and it'll crash on account of fear. What a little word of fear. That's right. Will cast it all down. People lose thousands of dollars in a day. Fear is the product of unbelief. Amen. We sin when we disbelieve. Satan knows sin is not welcome in God's presence. Fear is a spirit. Ah, it's a ugly, forboding, haunting spirit. That's right. Yes, sir. fear. Let me tell you something. If you got fear this morning, that God didn't give it to you. That's right. The Bible said he did not give you the spirit of fear. But the spirit of love and of a sound, that means a disciplined mind. That's a mind to believe God's word. That's the mind of Christ. But it's one of the most controlling spirits that there is. And and the devil uses our emotions to his advantage, bringing fear into our lives. We fear all sorts of things, right? You know, we fear circumstances. We fear other people. We fear the future. We fear things we can't even control. That's right. Fear has torment. And God doesn't want you to live in your life in fear. but rather in the confidence that he's with us and the love that comes for our relationship with him. And worry, I want to ask you, when is worry ever, ever delivered you? But faith will. Come on. Faith will. That's right. What about the weapons that the that the devil will use against you, which are words or thoughts? You know his his attributes of pride and selfishness. Pride is a major flaw that leads to separation from God is a focus on oneself. I've often said about suicide. It's when you're when when all your thoughts turns inwards. It's all about me and my troubles and you you forget all the hurt and the harm that you're going to bring everywhere else. And you see yourself only in a very narrow position and places and it's selfishness. Selfishness leads individuals to disregard the needs of others. Amen. To focus only on their own desires. Then there's discouragement. Discouragement. The devil will use discouragement to make people feel overwhelmed and defeated, unable to persevere in their faith. But you know, we must be perseverant, persistent. Jesus taught his disciples even to pray and not to fade. In other words, don't give up. Amen. when you're approaching me, when you're knocking on the door, when you're when you're when you're coming into my presence, don't give up. The devil hinders with fear and and unbelief and all these other things, but don't give up. Keep pressing on. Satan will use words that he uses to plant seeds of doubt and negativity. Right. He'll use seduction, worldly allurements to to seduce people into life of sin. And through this disobedience, it keeps them from going up the ladder into God's presence. He uses channels of his own of drugs, alcohol, tobacco, vaping, gaming devices, television, movies, porn, elicit sex. And these are all channels through which Satan brings hell into a life. That's true. Other weapons that Satan uses is pain caused by those thorns in the flesh. The enemy is not really after your health. He not really after your finances. He's not really after your happiness. The devil's after your faith. Amen. Come on. Faith is your weapon. The hand of faith holds the word of God. Amen. Amen. This power and lying. Hey, I tell you, he will devour faith because he knows that faith is the very force that connects you to the power of God. He knows if he can just rob you of your faith that he can rob you of your victory. Amen. And let me tell you what, one of his greatest weapons he's got against mankind is suffering. Yeah. Pain. Pain makes you question. All right. Trials make us weary. Oh yeah. Loss makes us wonder, is God really there? Oh yeah. You know, the voice of Satan coming in and the fire of affliction, he'll whisper, "Where is your God now?" If he loved you, would he really allow this to happen to you? Maybe he isn't good as you thought he was. And in those moments, many will falter and many will turn their anger toward God instead of turning their faith toward him. And some will many many will walk away and some will do it for a season and some forever. But listen to me. I want to tell you this morning that hard times do not destroy your faith. They don't have to. The storms of life are not sent to shipwreck you. They are sent to strengthen you. Amen. Amen. The Bible doesn't sugarcoat this reality of of the trials that you face. It warns us in this world you will have tribulation. Amen. But he adds, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Says through many tribulations we must enter into the kingdom of God. Acts 14 tells us, "And the Bible tells you God will make it all work for your good, that all things will work for the good of them that love God, who are called according to his purpose." It tells us that suffering is only temporary, that these light afflictions are for just a moment. But it tells you also that the reward is beyond imagination. That the suffering of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. The the fire is fierce, but it's forging you. Come on. It's tempering your metal. Amen. Where you are soft, it's making you strong. The battle is brutal, but it's building you. The suffering is real, but so is the reward. And the enemy wants to use your pain to destroy you, but God will use it to refine you. [Applause] I want to tell you this morning, wherever you are in life right now, hold fast. Stand sure, endure knowing that the moment you step into eternity, every trial, every fear, every tear, every wound will be swallowed up in victory. Death itself will be swallowed up in victory. And you will be crowned in righteousness standing in the presence of the one who walked with you through it all. Hallelujah. G. Don't let the lion steal your faith. Amen. Let the fire strengthen it. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. The channel. Thank you, Lord. The channel is open. Amen. The channel between God and man is open. Jesus defeated the devil completely. Every day and at any time, any day, any time, you can climb the stairway to heaven and approach the throne of God's favor. Oh yeah. And all that Satan can do is to use words of fear and doubt and unbelief to try to hold you back as the accuser of the brethren. But you can cast him down and overcome him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony and given your whole life to the cross. Hallelujah. The real problem now are the channels that are within yourself through which you're allowing Satan's fears and doubts and unbeliefs come. That's right. Yeah. Channels within your own self. The channel between God and man is open. But there are channels within your being that can get clogged. Now, no matter our fallen state as humans, we were created to be sons of God. How many believe that? That was always his intentions. We were we are his offspring. We are his creation. We are his very own. I wish you would believe that. Well, I wish you would respond if you believe that. Amen. I'll just tell you again. We are his offspring, his creation, his very own. Amen. And through Christ, he has become our redeemer, paying the full price for our restoration. [Applause] Hallelujah. Now, in the beginning, God placed man in authority over the earth. He made him superior to every other thing that was created. He gave him dominion over the fish of the sea, the birds of the air, over all nature. Everything was under his control. The very elements obeyed him. Jesus spoke to the fig tree. Adam carried that same power before the fall. Did you know that? Amen. He ruled as a little god on the earth. He operated under God's authority. The wind heard his voice and obeyed. The trees responded to his word. You know when Jesus said, "As a grain, a mustard seed, you if you have faith as a grain of mustard seed, you can say to this sycamine tree be plucked up by the root and planted in the sea and it shall obey you." He was pointing back to the dominion that man once had. Amen. Amen. Adam walked in perfect harmony with the father. There was no sickness. There was no pain. There was no death. There was no fear. There was no heartache. There was no worry. He lived in God's presence. Amen. And as a child, as an heir to all things, he enjoyed fellowship with God. And whatever he asked, he received. And everything obeyed him. That's right. That's right. That's heaven. But then came the fall. And when man when Adam lost his relationship with the father, he lost his power. The connection was severed. The open channel between God and man became clogged and suddenly he was subject to sickness, pain, fear, death. He lost his awareness of his sunship. And in its place came unbelief and doubt and fear. Amen. Amen. But Jesus, hallelujah. This is man saved. But Jesus, Amen. through his death, through his resurrection, he redeemed us. And restored our relationship with God. He didn't just save our us from our sins. He restored our sunship. Hallelujah. Through the new birth, we have become what we is originally meant to be. Amen. What the fall cheated us out of and we were born wrong. We've been born again. And yet our flesh remains fallen, but our souls are restored to full communion and fellowship with God. The Holy Spirit himself is the spirit of adoption. Oh yes. Remember, it's not like going and adopting somebody else's kids. God doesn't adopt the devil's children. But adoption comes from the the old Roman custom of taking a son who is now of age, perhaps 30 years old, and placing him with authority in his kingdom, robing him, putting a finger, a ring on his finger. So the Holy Spirit is the spirit of adoption. It places us as sons again. Amen. Through his redemption, he gave us eternal life. He reestablishes that relationship. And not just that, he advances us even further. For the lamb took the book. And in doing so, he has elevated us to kings and priests to reign on the earth. Hallelujah. Amen. But before we rule the world, how many wants to rule the world? I do. I want to be in dominion with him. Amen. Before we can rule the earth, we must first rule this earth ourself. That's right. The first dominion we must reclaim is our own flesh and bring it subject to the word. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now Christ as man took the title deed of the earth not for himself but for us. Remember as God he had it and now he hands it back as Revelation chapter 10 shows. Go and take the book and eat it. Become one with it. And when you eat it, digest it, you will prophesy or you will speak it. So you see, he hands it back. The authority is in our hands. Amen. And what do we do with it? We speak, we prophesy, we declare. Amen. Somebody with me now. We take control of the atmospheres around us. We shift our surroundings from hell to heaven. We bring heaven down to earth. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Come on, church. The Holy Ghost is heaven coming down the living man. A throne of dominion established in the human heart. the kingdom coming within you. Thank you. Now Jesus opened up the way to heaven and in his ascended. Amen. He ascended into heaven making a way. He said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." He had to go. He had to return. He had to ascend. He had to break the powers of hell and the things between us and become the latter. And when we are born again, heaven becomes open to us. Somebody help me preach. Was that not so with the firstborn of the God race? Come on. The Bible said he's the firstborn among many brethren. The Lord Jesus. Yes. What happened at at that birth at the river Jordan when he surrendered and came obedient to the word of God coming through the prophet. Amen. The heavens opened and the Holy Spirit descended like a dove. And every time a child of God is born again, filled with the Holy Ghost, heaven opens. Amen. There's a heaven now open between that man and God that is never to be closed again. Hallelujah. But like newborn babes, we must learn to use our faith. Amen. We have spent our lives responding to the flesh, to fear, to doubt, to unbelief, to sin, and its vice. We've allowed our surroundings to dictate our faith instead of using our faith to dictate our surroundings. That's right. The enemy has used channels of our senses of sight, taste, smell, feel, hearing to bring hell into our lives. Cuz when you look around, it's hell all around. The voices you hear in this world is hell all around us. He clogs up our minds, our emotions, our our our spirits with distractions. jobs, finances, relationships, stress, anxieties, all of this because of mortal life itself. It's all become so clogged with that until God can't operate through these channels. He opened up a channel. I tried to explain to you of Daniel having prayed and answered to come. The angel Gabriel was on his way with it, but he was hindered many days because of the prince of Persia. Come on. The prince of Persia, you know, Daniel was third in the kingdom and he was busy about the kingdom. Oh, you got to send troops here and you got to finances here and you got this here and the and the busyiness of life. And he said, the angel said, I've been trying to get through. I've been trying to get through to you, but you see, you see, I I had to I had to appeal to Michael, the one that the angel who is like Jehovah, to come and intercede on your behalf, and to help me to war against the prince of Persia, and push him back. And I'm finally here with a message. Amen. Amen. I wonder how much how much how many times God's been trying to talk with you to get you still enough to get you quiet enough but you're you're so clogged with mortal life with relationships and stress anxieties and finances and jobs and the strikes distractions of this life worried about today and tomorrow. so clogged up till God can't operate through the channels that he made man for. I tell you ought to clear it out long enough. Even right now, you know, some of you have been sitting on the pew and thinking about what you got to do tomorrow and the pressures of the job and, you know, a relationship or some sickness or this problem or whatever that you have and it's been clogging up the flow of the spirit to your life even while you were sitting there. The devil didn't lay down and play dead when you started to church this morning. He's the one that caused arguments with the kids in the in in the in the car. He's the one stirred up trouble between you and your wife to get you all stirred up in your spirit. I'll tell you what, the devil can do it. He'll do it. You know, even me in my studies, I'll be preparing for a message in in the inspiration of God and I'll get a phone call or a text that'll disturb my spirit. All right. All right. It'll disturb it until I can't even think about what I'm preaching about. What is what I'm studying about, but God is word. All I can do is focus on this problem. The devil knows how to do it. Amen. But you see, you see again in this cloud of distractions, we often forget and lose awareness of why we are even here. Amen. You are you you're more important than just to be the CEO on your job. You're more important than just the next paycheck. Amen. Your relationship with God is more important than that girl or that boy. Amen. And even we redeemed are falling short of what Jesus commanded us to do. We are not just to be saved to survive. We were redeemed to reign to be victorious. And what did Jesus say? Bind the powers of Satan. Release the powers of heaven. This is our mandate. This is our authority. This is who we are. Amen. We are to pray. We are thus to intercede concerning situations and circumstances. And we are to pray like this. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. Oh, one day the earth is going to be that way. Listen, that's where your earth That's right. needs to be brought subject to. Where his will is done in earth. your earth as it is in heaven where his kingdom come and the king sits on your heart which is the Holy Ghost Christ himself the Lord of glory Jehovah God dwell it on the inside of you by the power of the spirit we're to take lordship over sin lordship over sickness lordship over disease oh yeah and bring God's will on the earth. It's his will for us to cast out devils. Amen. Yes, it is. It's God that is that is enforcing, thus bringing heaven to a sick body. Come on. Amen. It's his will for us to cast Satan out of men's souls. Yeah. Delivering them from the prison house of sin and it spirits of torments. Let's use some Bible references. Listen, I I got a lot of hay on my fork and if you're tired, you're just going home. You're dismissed. The rest of you, I'm going to preach a while. Let's go to Matthew chapter 10 and verse one. Maybe I'll fight better with my coat off. Listen. Matthew 10 and verse one. Let's read this. And when he had called unto him 12, his 12 disciple, he gave them power against unclean spirits to cast them out and to heal all manners of sickness and all manner of diseases. So why what I'm going to show you about this is this is what he gives his disciples is power. Now this is before the Holy Ghost come. Amen. And they had him on virtue of his presence with them. But when the Holy Ghost come we have it on the virtue of his presence in us. The God with us became the God in us. Amen. And in Matthewap 10:7, he said, "And go ye and preach saying, "The kingdom of heaven is at hand." Oh, well, brother Tim, that's 2,000 years ago, and it hadn't come yet. You're mistaken. Amen. at hand. It means or it means near which means that God's kingdom where he reigns and his will is done is not a distant future but is present and is accessible. Amen. So he said go and preach that heaven is accessible. Amen. Go and preach that I'm present. Oh, I wish he was present today. That's why the Holy Ghost is here. It's not another God. Amen. It's not another person of the Trinity. Amen. It is God himself that came in you. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. So you see when you when we say the kingdom of God is at hand, it means that it's not a distant future. But it's present and now accessible. So go tell everybody that heaven is accessible. If you're sick, heaven is accessible. If you're lost, heaven is accessible. If you're bound with drugs, heaven is accessible. If you're filled up with chains of tobacco, heaven is accessible. It's It's open for you, accessible. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. As freely as you receive, freely give. You're to give out just as freely as you got it. Yes, sir. Amen. For where Satan is, where Christ is king, Satan is cast out. That's right. What do you think salvation is? It's dethroning Satan from the heart. And when Christ's lordship is exercised, the sick are healed. Yeah. Amen. The dead are raised. Amen. And and we are to do this given out freely as we receive. Mark 6 and verse 7. And he called him the 12 and began to send them forth by two and two. And he gave them power over unclean spirits. Amen. Amen. Brother, if this was power because he was presence in the flesh, what again? What about his power present because his holy spirit is in you? Verse 12. And they went out and preached that man should repent and they cast out devils and anointed with oil. And many that were sick were sick. They healed them. Amen. Let's go to Luke chapter 9 verse one. Did I read this one? Luke 9 verse one. He called his 12 disciples together and gave them power and authority over all devils to cure the diseases. And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God and to heal the sick. I want you to see preaching and healing goes hand in hand. You're not really preaching the gospel if you're not healing the sick. Come on. If you're not casting out devils, the principal job of the church is to cast Satan out, not live with him. Too many are young people who live with with Satan, live with his sins, live with his habits. Not just young people, old people. God didn't call us for that. He called us to cast him out. Amen. Luke chapter 10 verse one. After these things, the Lord appointed 70 others. It wasn't just the disciples or the apostles. He sent them out two by two for his face into every city whether he would where he himself would come. He said, "Therefore the said to them, the harvest truly is great, and the labors are few. Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that he would send forth labors into his harvest." Verse 9, "And heal the sick that are therein, and say to them, the kingdom of God has come near to you." Verse 17, "And the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even devils are subject unto us through thy name." And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. Amen. Oh, I want you to hear. When they were casting out devils. Come on. When they were healing the sick, they were making Satan fall. When the lost is s is saved, it is making Satan fall. Come on. It's clearing the pathway of the accuser. And you're saying your sins that were many are now all forgiven. Hallelujah. And he says, "Behold, I give you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over some of the power." Oh, I'm misreading, am I? And all the power of the enemy. And nothing, shall we say, nothing? Nothing shall by any means hurt you. You ain't going to be harmed by any of it. Amen. You're victorious. You will prevail. And finally, when he was leaving, he gave us his final commission. Last words of Jesus before he departs. Given the final words to the church, his great commission. Mark 16:15. And he said, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel where?" To every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe. In my name shall they cast out devils. They shall speak heaven's language. Come on. They shall speak with new tongues. They will take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Amen. That's his commission. He told you, "Okay, I'm leaving you a kingdom, but you're going to have to cast Satan out and off of the promises." Amen. Come on. Amen. So now and and and of course we know that that when Christ was elevated on to his own right hand in the heavenly places, he elevated his church too because the Bible said he exalted him far above all principalities and power and might and dominion and every name that is named not only in this world but the world to come and put all things under his feet and gave him to be the head over the church which is his body. So if it's under his feet, it's under your feet because you're his body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, let's just talk about the body of Christ for a minute. We're going to focus on this for the next few minutes. When he created human body, he crafted it with intention, with precision. He did it with purpose. Every part, the teeth, the tongue, the eyes, the nose, the hands, the feet, all this would be needed to contact the kingdom of the earth. It was designed to function in perfect harmony. Do you believe that? And each member has its role. It has its every member of your body, your hands, your feet, your eyes, whatever has has its divine function. And that just as he designed the human body to operate with order and purpose, how much more do you think that he set his church in order with every member assigned to a place, a calling, to a function. Amen. The body of Christ was never meant to be stagnant or to be disjointed. He He was designed to move, to operate, to manifest the supernatural. Amen. Stay with me just a minute. Amen. He He was designed to function in the power of Christ in heavenly places as a conduit for of God's divine presence. Amen. What do you think happened at the gate called beautiful after they received the Holy Ghost? It wasn't just a dwelling. They were now a conduit. So they said silver and gold have I not I can't do this by human means but what I have I give. So the Holy Ghost that they had they became a conduct a conduit to bring heaven to the man at at the gate called beautiful. Amen. Hallelujah. And he rose up there shouting dancing rejoicing over his crippled condition. I tell you, if it'll do it then, it'll do it now. There's more than physical crippled conditions here. Amen. There's people that are crippled in their spirit, their attitude. They're crippled in their lack of forgiveness. They're crippled in complexes or you can be crippled in many ways, but the church is be a conduit. Through which the Holy Ghost is a flow. Amen. What do you think you're here for this morning? To be entertained. know you are to be a conduit through which the Holy Ghost flows to another. That as you worship God and you ascend into heaven, you bring down the Holy Spirit to work here on the earth. Amen. Your songs are not to entertain to be just beautiful. Your songs are there to bring heaven's atmosphere in the church. Because when heaven is here, the sick are healed, the dead is raised. Sins are cast out. Satan has to leave. So if he designed the human body to operate with with order and purpose, how much more is he set his church in order with every member assigned a place, a calling, a function? We're not meant to be stagnant or just just chony bunch of people. We're designed to be a conduit. A body that does not function is crippled. I wish people across the airways and in this building this morning would get that. A body that does not function is crippled. That's right. A hand that will not function is a crippled hand. Amen. An eye that is blind is a crippled eye. Come on. Amen. And just as a human body depends on its senses, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to speak, so too does a church depend on the gifts of the spirit. Amen. Prophecy, wisdom, knowledge, healing, tongues, whereby we speak heaven's language. These are not optional. I know today we want to think they're just optional. They are the very lifelines. The very lifelines through which God flows his power and his revelation to his people. Come on. Amen. They are passageways of the supernatural. Amen. Amen. And yet, why is revelation lacking? Because the body is dull of hearing. Because the church has neglected the very gifts it needs to keep it alive. Without vision, the church will stumble blindly. Amen. Without gifts and operation, the power is absent. Without the supernatural, the church becomes nothing but a lifeless structure stripped of divine authority. Amen. Now you see why Satan wants to sus suppress and stop them. Now true every member does not carry every function, but each plays a vital role. Together we complete we can form a complete and living and breathing expression of God's power here upon the earth. It is through this body through his these divine assets that God moves. Amen. The question is will we function as we were created to? Will we allow the Holy Spirit to flow freely? Will we break from the dullness and the lay of the seed in the sea and malady of lukewarmness and throw off the spirit of slumber and awaken to the supernatural order that God has ordained? The time to be passive is over. The body must rise. The body must move. The body must function. The bride must be Jesus Christ in action on the earth. For when it does, and it must, the power of God will flow like a mighty river. And the church will no longer be weak. And it will no longer be blind. It'll no longer be powerless, but it will be an unstoppable bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That's what he made you to be. The unstoppable bride of Jesus Christ. overcomers in this last age. Satan through the unyielding grip of the laws of sin and death, he afflicts the human body. Sickness is his weapon. Disease is his invasion. pain is his mark. Cancer and all sickness and infirmity and suffering, they're all agents of Satan's kingdom. And by the law of death, which operate or entered through sin, he was given these grounds to operate. Satan strikes with sickness because of the fallen state of man. The body yields to it. He sends affliction and because of the curse, the flesh suffers. He torments with headache, with grief, with despair. And the weakened soul bound by the weight of sin's consequences, it'll succumb to its oppression. That's right. But if Satan's laws can operate so powerfully in the human body, I want to ask you something. How much greater, how much more unstoppable should the operation of God's power be in the body of Christ? Amen. If the law of sin and death can spread destruction, then surely the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus should bring forth wholeness and power and divine revelation. Amen. Let me assert to you this morning, the church is not a weak lifeless structure. It is a living breathing force of divine authority. That's who we are within the body. I'm talking about the body of Christ. The law of the spirit of life is not just present. It is active. Hallelujah. It is alive. It is more potent than any sickness or any disease or any demonic affliction. Hallelujah. Where are the manifestations of this law? Where is the flow of divine healing? that will silence the decrees of sickness. Where is the power of revelation that dismantles the lie of the enemy? Where are the gifts of the spirit in full operation, rendering Satan's works null and void? We're on the highway. But oh Satan, that old serpent hisses and with his poisonous breath he whispers, "The days of miracles are passed." They were only for a sign anyway. They were just for vindication. And once the word is here, we have no more need of them. And the church set smugly claiming revelation. When true revelation gives you power over the devil. That's right. What too many have is doctrine a dogma and what we need is life. Brother Brandham would say this at the close of the divine healing movement. He said, "We begin to find out miracles isn't taking place no more like they were. The sick go home sick." And it isn't because of God. It's because of the lack of revival among the people. There is no revival. and they sit and listen and go home and say, "Well, that was pretty good." Mhm. And they sit there, there's just not that zeal, that something in people that should be there. Let me tell you this morning. His law should be working in us. The law of the spirit of life should be working in the church, flowing through the body. Amen. Let me tell you again, just as disease spreads through the natural body, so should the power of Christ flood through the body of Christ. And just as Satan enforces sickness, so should the church enforce deliverance and healing and the full manifestation of the kingdom of God. Amen. The law of the spirit is not passive. It is not dormant and it is not weak. It is the very force that raised up Jesus from the dead. And that power is in his church. Oh, hallelujah. I feel it moving on the inside of me this morning. I can speak in other languages. Hallelujah. Amen. The question is not whether the law, the spirit of life is real. No, that's not the question. That was settled. That was thoroughly proven when Jesus opened the eyes of the blind. When he unstopped the ears of the deaf, when he quickened to life the dead, when he rose again triumphant, and then in these last days, he demonstrated again to this generation so that we would know once again that the law of the spirit of life still reigns supreme. And he showed countless miracles and signs in the ministries in this last day. So this generation would be without excuse. The question is not whether the spirit and life is real. The question is will we rise in faith, in revelation, in boldness and let it work. Will we be a channel through which it can flow? Satan has no power. He has no power with the authority of Christ is fully enforced. That's right. As a church, we must awaken. Amen. Brother Brandon, preach that to us when just once more, Lord, about Satan or Samuel rather or Samson sleeping on the on the knees of Delilah. Amen. Amen. Sleep and letting the power be cut off. The church must arise. The church must demonstrate the law of life until every sickness bows and every stronghold come crumbles and the kingdom of God is made manifest on the earth. So Satan with his limited power can enforce his laws upon mankind. And we see it every day. If he can oppress, if he can afflict, if he can manipulate, if he can come through the laws of sin and death, how much more should the almighty God enforce his own laws upon his redeemed? How much more should the laws of divine healing override sickness? Yes, sir. How much more should the power of revelation demolish the lies of the devil, his deception and doubt? Amen. How much more should the gifts and manifestation of the spirit move freely through the church? Amen. Proving that the kingdom of God is supreme and over every power of the devil. Amen. If the devil can enforce his dominion, so that the world can recognize the weight of his affliction, how much more should the children of God stand up. Take the rightful place, and demand that the laws of heaven be recognized among us. We are not a weak, struggling people. We are sons and daughters of the living God. The law of the liberty in Christ has shattered the chains of sin and death. And it's not just a doctrine. It's a living force. And it's meant to be in full operation within us. But here's the issue. Listen close. We have allowed vain's philosophies, empty traditions, and powerless teachings to weaken our faith. Amen. The mind has been so bombarded with theology and opinions and intellectual reason till it's been pulled away from the unshakable power of the word of God. We have settled for words when they were meant for demonstration. But I tell you now, we are nearing the hour. We are here in the hour where the church will wake up. That's what I'm trying to sound the alarm for this morning. Tell you the kingdom of God is here. It's not just coming. Oh yes, there's a millennium coming. Yes, there's a rapture. Yes. For right now, the kingdom of God is among us. It is life and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Amen. We must wake up a time where the true believers will recognize what has always been there. Amen. The day is at hand when faith must rise up. Amen. Not just a little faith, but rapturing faith that's unshackled from doubt. and the church rise and move in the power like it was meant to be. Yes, sir. I want you to understand this. Faith does not come by fasting. Faith does not come by praying. Faith does not come by reading a book. Fasting is good. Praying is good. Reading is good. But those things alone do not create faith. Faith is, listen carefully, faith is a deep settled certainty in the heart. It is an unshakable knowing, a divine assurance that what God has said is already done. [Applause] already done. It's just as natural as breathing. It's just as unconscious as walking to your car, turning the key, driving home, because you already know you can do it. Amen. You don't analyze it. You don't question it. You just do it. That's right. That's how faith is meant to work in a believer's life. The reason we struggle is because we've not become fully accustomed to the laws of the spirit as we become accustomed to the laws of the natural. But when the church, I'm talking about you and you and you and you. Do I have to single you out? Do I have to call your name? When the church when you fully grasp that God's laws of healing and power and deliverance are just as real and active as gravity itself. There will be no stopping to the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. The church must come to a place of absolute conviction. A place where doubt is no longer entertained. A place where miracles are no longer unexpected. A place where faith operates like a second nature. And that hour is here. You have arrived at that hour. Will you walk in it? Will you be an Enoch? It's a rapture hour. Somebody must walk up the king's highway into their position of sunship in the heavens. We were never meant to be weak and powerless. But if we could clear the channel, sweep away man-made traditions and doctrines and fear and doubt and religious formalities and fully surrender to God's will. The church would just explode under the dynamic supernatural power of God. Amen. We were not created to live beneath our calling and beneath our privileges. We were called to reign to have dominion. We are new creation in Christ. We are designed to control, to rule, to bring praise to almighty God. Amen. But to do that, you got to die to yourself. All right. You got to let go of your limited understanding, your small human thoughts and step fully into the mind of Christ. You got to quit leaning on the smallmindedness of human understanding and learn to lean on the mind of Christ, his understanding that can only come by the new birth. Then we will think like Jesus does. Amen. That's when impossibilities will become possible. Amen. And if we could abandon his will, our will, I mean, for his if we could lose ourselves completely in him, then the same power that operated through Jesus would flow through us and it would be just as natural as breathing. Miracles would no longer be rare. That's right. That's a shame. Come on. They would be expected. Yes, sir. Healing would not be occasional. It would be continual. And even our bodies would be changed and glorified. The church would no longer be struggling in the flesh. It would be operating in the dominion of the spirit. Let the musicians come as I bring these final thoughts. Jesus said, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ask what you will and it shall be given to you." Why? Because God and his word are one. Amen. He said, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us." You can't have God without his word. That's right. You cannot claim to walk with him and reject what he has spoken. You cannot be spiritfilled and deny his word. If he abides in you, his very life abides in you. If his word abides there, if his word's alive in you, his power then is alive in you. Amen. We are not called to be weak, defeated, and struggling. We were created to reign in power and manifest heaven on earth. I'm telling you as a church this morning, it's time to clear the channel. Amen. It's time to cast off the dead religion. It's time to surrender fully so that the church can fully move in the unstoppable supernatural flow of the spirit. I want you to know the world is waiting. The earth is groaning and heaven is watching and the church must arise and manifest their sunship. We are word bride, a people born of the word, a people who've received the word and it's restored truth. It's time now for the word to be in action. The question is, will you bring heaven down to your situation? Can we operate a church service where heaven comes down? Where the joy of the Lord becomes our strength? Where the praises of God goes up and angels descend and ascend upon the latter of the Holy Spirit? Can we be a channel through which the Holy Spirit moves, through which he directs, to where he guides, where he leads? Can we be the voice of the spirit? God's voice upon the earth. It's time that we arise. Shake off the dead works of the night. For we are not children of the night. We are children of the day. Let us arise as the children of God and claim our inheritance. The sa Satan is defeated. Death itself is defeated and you are more than conquerors. Rise to your feet this morning and claim it for yourself now in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Father in the name of Jesus Christ, I proclaim victory over every sin, over every disease, over every affliction, over every every devil that would be in the midst. I today release the powers of heaven as a channel of God to come down into this building today in the glories of God flow down into this place and flow into every heart. And I commission today by the authority of the word of God for adopted sons to bring heaven down to earth to bring heaven in their situation. Amen. for heaven to come down and sickness leave troubles flee and victories be won in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let a shout of victory come out of this place right now. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Rejoice over the enemy. He is a defeated enemy. Rejoice. You got the sword of the king in your in your hand this morning. You can conquer every devil. You can defeat every enemy. You're more than conquerors through him that love you. You have an intercessor that is sitting on high that is still fighting for you. Amen. That everything that he paid for, he fights to bring it to you this morning. Will you also fight? Will you knock down the accuser? Will it be this morning that it be your prayers that you be your prayers and they knock Satan down that we see him fall like lightning from heaven? For power has been given to you over every unclean spirit. Amen. Every power of darkness. Hallelujah. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. I want you to worship God once again. Come on. Come on, Jesus. Worship him like you mean it right now. Do it with all your heart. Do it with all your heart. Amen. You can say he's alpha. He's omega. He's the beginning. He's the end. He's the root, the offspring of David, the bride and the morning star. He that was, he that was, is, and he that shall come. The same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the Lord God omnipotent that reigns. He'll reign in your life today. The kingdom has come. Thy will be done, Lord. I know it's your will for me to be healed. I know it's your will to me to walk in victory. I know it's your will that I'll have dominion over porn, over vaping, over cigarettes, over tobacco. I tell you, the deliverance, the victory has been given to you. Accept it right now in the name of Jesus Christ. And say, I receive it in Jesus name. Lord, hallelujah. For that name of Jesus is higher than all names. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to God. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Praise you [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. Down from his glory. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a [Music] manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and me. Oh, how I love him. [Music] How I adore him. My breath, my [Music] sunshine, my all in all, the great [Applause] creator became my savior. [Music] Savior and all God's will dwelling in him. [Music] What [Music] kind bringing us redemption had in the dead of night, not one faithful inside, but God gracious tender laid aside his splending to wood to win to save. Oh save my soul. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him, my breath, my sunshine. Oh, you're my all and all. Oh, the great creator. [Music] He became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him without reluctance with flesh and bloody. He took the form of man. Oh, he revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery. [Music] sacrifice of Calvary. And now I know thou art the great, the great I am. Oh, how I love you. How I adore him, my breath, my sunshine. He's my all and all. Oh, the great creator. Amen. He became my [Music] savior and all God's holiness dwelling in him. Oh how oh how I love you. Oh, how I adore him. He's my breath, my [Music] sunshine. Oh, he's my [Music] all, the [Applause] great creatator. Oh, he became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. Oh my breath, my [Music] sunshine. You're my all and all. Oh, the great creator. He became my [Applause] savior and all God's holiness dwellth in him without reluctance without reluctance. [Music] Bless you love. Oh yes, Lord. He took the form of [Music] man. He revealed the heen plan. Oh, glorious mystery. Sacrifice of [Music] Calvary. And now I know thy great I am. Oh, how I love Oh, how I love you, Lord. Oh, I adore you, Jesus. You're my breath. You're my sunshine. You're my all. All the great creatator he became my savior and all the choice. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. [Music] Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Oh, see you high. See you high and lift it up. Oh, shining the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Yes. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see. Open the eyes. Yes. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Oh, yes I do, Lord. I want to see. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Yes. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Oh, I want I want to see you high lifted up to you [Music] high. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Yes. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Oh yes, Lord. I want to see. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want. Oh yes I do. I want Oh see if I lift [Music] sing. Oh sh the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing glory, holy, glory. Yes. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want Oh, see you high and lifted up. Oh, see [Music] high. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour [Music] out, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Jesus came and made me whole. I would not die. No, I would not be. Oh, I would not [Music] be till Jesus came and made [Music] [Applause] [Music] home and take me the days of our Lord and his way [Music] of my [Music] I will not be though I will not be in Jesus and make me happy. Oh, Satan said my Lord was and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be. I would not be till Jesus came and oh my Oh, I would not [Music] be. Oh, I will [Music] not Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Applause] S [Applause] [Music] was my [Applause] but oh I would not be Oh, I would not [Music] Oh, [Music] I know. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] for Oh, it's a highway to [Applause] heaven. Nothing can walk but the pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king. Oh, it's a highway. It's a highway to heaven. [Music] But if you fall the highway to [Applause] heaven, I'm walking up. God bless me. Well, it's a highway to [Music]
