################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - The Mountain Movers Modern Events Made Clear By Prophecy - Bro. Tim Pruitt on May 11, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    The Mountain Movers: Modern Events Made Clear By Prophecy - Bro. Tim Pruitt on May 11, 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmfwdlS-Ej8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh my soul, I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship [Music] him. Oh, I worship [Music] him. And when I come into his presence, I humble myself, remembering what he's done, the victories he's won. I'll praise him. Oh, I'll praise him. for all he's done for me. He redeemed and set me free. Because, just [Music] because. Oh, sing it again. for all he's done for. All he's done for me. He redeemed and set me free. Yeah. Because just because he's God. When I come into his presence, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. Oh, can you worship him this morning? I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him. And when I come into his presence, upon myself, remembering. Oh, and the victories he's won. I'll praise him. Oh, I'll praise I'll praise him for all. He stood for [Music] me. Oh, he redeemed and set me free. And because Oh, just because he He's God. Oh yes he is. And for all he's done. I'm here to praise you Lord. You redeemed and set me free. Because oh just because. Oh, sing it again. For all he's done and for all he's done for me, he redeemed and set me free. [Applause] [Music] Because just because he's God and our God [Applause] [Music] reign. Oh our God reign. Yes. Our God reigns. [Music] Oh our God reign. Say it again now. Say our God [Applause] raise. Oh our God [Music] reigns. Oh our God reigns. Yes. Out from the tomb he came. Let's sing that verse now. And out from the tomb. Oh, he came with grace and majesty. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he's alive. Oh, God loves us so God loves us so Oh, just see his hand, his feet, his side. And yes. Oh yes. We know that he's alive. And he's alive. Oh, he's [Music] alive. And he's alive. [Music] Oh, he's alive and my God reigns. Yes, my God [Music] reigns. Oh my God reigns. In my God reign. Oh my God, praise. He's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, let's stand and sing it now. Say, he's the name and he's the name above all [Applause] [Music] names. Worthy of all [Applause] praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how [Applause] great. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, and oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. Amen. This morning, everything we need. Let's sing that verse now. in everything I need for you have given me. I'll take it and believe. I'll take and believe. Oh, and from these lips I speak and you will fight for me. Oh, what can stand against? Nothing stands against, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great. Oh, and all we'll see how great. Oh, how great. Amen. Can we tell them again this morning? Say he's the name and you're the name above all things. Worthy of all praise. Yeah. My heart will sing how great. Oh, his song. Oh, sing again. Name above. Oh, you're the [Music] name. Oh yes, Lord, you're worthy. And my heart will sing. [Music] Oh, is [Music] God and how great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God and oh will see how great. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't he a great and wonderful God? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I love [Music] you. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. [Music] Lord, I love [Music] you. Oh Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Oh Lord, I love you. And Lord, Amen. Before we open the service in prayer, let's just sing that verse. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. And just stop for a moment and thank him for all that he's done. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. We thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. We thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Want to continue to remember to pray for brother Kenny Camp, brother Hollis, the different ones that would love to be here this morning. Amen. Amen. No doubt many that are joining online away, traveling, visiting with family this weekend. Just want the Lord to touch each one. Also remember, continue to remember brother Ben Coleman in the hospital. He's before his surgery, he was having a lot of issues with some of the nerves in his lower body and still having some issues there. I just pray that those would heal and anything lost would regenerate and any pain that he's in would be subsided and Lord Lord would just bring a peace in that hospital room and a healing in that room. You want to continue remember to pray for brother Ben. If you have a need you just want to lift it up to the Lord this morning. Ask brother Aaron if he'll come open the service for us in prayer. Amen. Take these needs to the Lord. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, truly that is the the cry of our heart this morning is thank you. Lord, you've been so good to us, Lord. Lord, when we didn't deserve it, Lord, when we were lost, Lord, when we were enemies, when we turned our back on you, Lord, when we failed time after time, Lord, you were still so good to us, so full of mercy and so full of grace, Lord. And you never quit calling. You never quit drawing. Lord, I'm so thankful this morning for all that you've done for me. Lord, I thank you this morning, Lord. Lord, for the message you send in this day, Lord, I thank you this morning for this church and my church family. Lord, I thank you for every soul gathered here under this roof. Lord, I thank you that there's been an atonement made, Lord. Lord, for salvation, Lord, for healing, for deliverance, Lord, you paid it all, Lord. And our heart this morning just cries out, "Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we just so love you and just so thankful and we're so looking forward to what you're going to do here this morning. Lord, I pray that hearts and souls will be stirred, Lord, to draw closer to you, Lord. I pray, Lord, that faith will rise this morning to meet the level of the promise, Lord. Lord, for your promises are they're true, Lord. They're yay, they're amen, Lord. They cannot fail. And I just pray this morning that each and every one of us, myself included, Lord, that we'll look away from symptoms. We'll look away from circumstance. Lord, may we look away from the evil of the world and recognize what a mighty God we serve today. Recognize that the price is paid and that freedom is here for each and every one of us. Lord, we thank you. We invite you into this place this morning, Lord. That you'll just come and move, Lord, not only in this building, but in the hearts of men. Lord, may you have full preeminence. Father, I pray right now that every hindrance, every thought, everything that would try to keep us from entering in, Lord, Lord, we just bring that subject now to the power of the Holy Spirit, Lord, we're here to give you our everything, Lord. Lord, to just pour ourselves into this service, Lord, that you can move and transform lives today, Father. Lord, I need a touch. I need transforming. I need more of you today, Lord. I'm asking you to come now, Father, and speak, Lord. I pray the worship will please you, Lord. I pray every part of this service will bring you glory today. Lord, we're remembering today our brothers and sisters, Lord, those that are suffering, those that are sick, Lord. Lord, we think of of Brother Kenny and Brother Ben, both needing a touch in their body, Father. Lord, I'm praying today that you'll just come by and show yourself, Lord, as healer once again. Lord, you've done it so many times, Lord, and we know without a shadow of a doubt, Lord, that the stripes you took still atone and still heal, Father. And I'm just asking that you'll do it today, Lord. For those that can't be here and would love to be, I just pray, Lord, that your spirit go wherever they are. Lord, you're not contained by walls or time or space, but wherever they're at today, Lord, may you just go by and be their portion, Father. Lord, we're asking for a portion today. We're asking for a handful on purpose. We're asking that you'll anoint our ears and anoint the words that come forth, Father. Lord, that we can be drawn closer to you here in the closing moments of time. Lord, we just commit it all to your hands, Lord. Every song, every special, Lord. Lord, as the word would come forth, I pray it be anointed, Lord God, and that it'll find its mark as it always does. And Father, when it finds that mark, I pray it be received, Lord, Lord, and take it into the lives today of your children. Lord, we love you. We thank you, and we just ask you to just take control in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And the brothers can take up the offering this morning. Amen. How many has come expecting? Like we talked about Wednesday night, just tilling up the ground and getting it ready for planting this morning. Amen. Amen. Oh, hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Angel. Oh, [Music] hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, magnify the Lord. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh, he's worthy. He is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy. Oh [Applause] hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock. Oh, glory and glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever. Lord, glory to his name. Oh, he lives and reigns forever. Oh, and hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of life salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock. Amen. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he who I call my name Jehovah is his name. Oh he oh all my needs. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, stand up. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock. Amen. Sing again. Jehovah, Jehovah, Gyra is his name. For he providing all my needs. Oh, Jehovah Gyra is his name. for he all my needs. Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation and hosana. [Music] Oh, blessed be the rock of my ocean. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glory. Oh, his name. I came to [Applause] glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify. Oh, glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of Lord. Oh his name. And I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. And I will say this is the day that the Lord Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. And he have made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. Oh, he has made me [Applause] glad. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. And I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord. Oh, I will rejoice. He's made me glad. And he hath made me glad. Oh, I feel rejoice. He's made me glad. And he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand this [Applause] morning. Amen. You can be seated for a moment. Amen. And now every time we sing hosana, blessed be the rock. I think of brother Johnny and the believers in California, they came and Amen. What a blessing that they were. Praying that the Lord will bless them in their service this morning. Amen. We're all one body, one team working together. Amen. Just want to see the Lord moving how he sees fit all over the world. Amen. Amen. He's wonderful to us. Oh, blessed be the Lord God [Music] Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God [Music] Almighty who reigns forever more. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Oh, and blessed be the Lord God. Hallelujah. He was and is and is to come. Oh, blessed be the Lord God. Oh yes, he reigns forever. [Music] Amen. It is [Music] well with my soul. [Music] Oh, it is well. It is well. with my soul. And when peace lie, a river attended my way. When sorrows like sea pillows roll. Oh, whatever my law now has told me to say. It is [Music] well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff and though Satan should ben though trial should come. Oh, let this this blessed assurance [Music] control. Oh, the cry he has regarded. Oh my [Music] helpless estate and he has shed his own blood for my soul and it is well. Oh with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul and my sin. Oh, the bliss. of this glorious song I sing. Oh, not the far but the whole. Oh yes. Aren't you thankful that it is there to the cross and I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh yes. Praise the Lord. Oh yes. Oh my soul, it is well. Oh, it is [Music] well. Yes, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. The Lord is for thee. Oh my Lord is worth thee. For thy coming we wait. The sky won't not the grave. It is my go. And the shout. Oh, the angels and the voice of the Lord. Oh, blessed and [Applause] blessed. Oh yes, it is well. with my soul. Is my [Music] soul come Jesus come? [Music] We've been waiting so long [Music] for the day you return to heal every hurt, right every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Oh, deep down I know this world isn't home. Oh, come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Oh, come Jesus come. [Music] Is that your desire this morning? Oh yes, Lord. For the day you return to heal every hurt, write every wrong. Lord, we need you right now. Come and turn this [Music] around. Oh, deep down I know world is in. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Deep down I know. Oh deep down I know. [Music] Oh come Jesus come. Oh come Jesus come shut [Music] in with a secret place there in the spirit beholding his [Applause] gaining new power to run the race. How I long to be shut in with God. Oh, sing it again to him. Say shut in with oh see there in the spirit beholding his faceing your power to run in the race. Oh, how I long. Oh, can we just sing that to him one more time? How I long to be shut in with God. is shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his [Music] face, gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long shing with [Music] love. I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was holy. Ask the choir to come help me sing this before your song. Oh, now I am [Music] chosen, free and forgi. I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, cuz I was made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. Oh, why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am. Oh, I was made for more. Say, I know who I am. I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation. Oh, it was only the start. Oh, can you say I'm chosen? Now I am chosen. [Music] Oh, free and [Music] forgive. I have a future. Oh, it's worth [Music] living. Yes. I was made to be standing in a grave. I was called by name. Oh yes. Oh yes. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. And you've been raised to life again. Oh, why would I make why would I make my Oh, he's running my way. I know I am. I was faithful. [Music] Oh, you called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You bury my past and I'm not going back. Say hallelujah. [Applause] You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You buried my past and I'm not going back. Oh, and I was made to be in the grave. I was called by name. Oh, born in raised back to life. Oh, I was [Music] made. Why would I be made my shame with a fountain of running my way? I know I am yours. I was save. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Oh yes, you got a lion inside of those ones. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord and come on my soul. Oh, don't you lift up your soul. Oh, you got a lion inside. Get up and praise. Get up and praise. So I'll throw up my hands, praise you again. Oh, all that I have is a high Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not I know it's not much. Nothing else for me. Except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Nothing else for except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just praise his name for a moment before they sing their song. Hallelujah. Can you say thank him that you were made for more? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We weren't made to be tending a grave down in the wells of sin. Hallelujah. But he's put a lion inside of our lungs. Amen. Let's worship with the choir as this. [Music] From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, let the name of the Lord be praised both now and forever more. All of heaven and earth proclaimed. Let the name of the Lord be [Music] praised. Come now all you children. Open up your eyes. Where two or more are gathered, his presence will abide. Lift your voice to heaven. There's only one to glorify, Jesus Christ. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, let the name of the Lord be praised. both now and forever more. All of heaven and earth proclaim, let the name of the Lord be praised. [Music] Somehow all you sinners lay your burdens down at the feet of Jesus where mercy can be found in beautiful surrender. We're singing here on holy ground. How sweet the sound. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the saint. Let the name of the Lord be praised. Both now and forever more. All of heaven and earth proclaim. Let the name of the Lord be praised. Be praised, King Jesus. Be praised for your goodness. For all that you've done. Be praised. Be praised in the highest. Be praised for your kindness. Let the name of the Lord be away. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. Let the name of the Lord be praised. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. The name of the Lord be praised both now and forever more. All of heaven and earth proclaimed. Let the name of the Lord be praised. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the saint. Let the name of the Lord be praised both now and forever more. All of heaven and earth proclaim. Let the name of the Lord be praised. [Music] Let the name of the Lord be praised. [Music] Hallelujah. How many's going to praise the Lord this morning? Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. Give him praise. Amen. Amen. Well, there ain't no bird going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no burn going to be in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no going to sing in my face. As long as I'm alive and glorified. Say it again. There ain't no burden. Going to sing my praise as long as I'm alive. Oh, is that what you're here to do? To praise him this morning. Sing, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorified. Oh, praise the [Music] Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I praise his name. There ain't no devil going to steal my joy. As long as I'm alive, glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no devil going to steal my joy. As long as I'm alive, I'll praise his name. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive and glorified. Oh, just praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll praise his name. There ain't no rock going to cry in my face. As long as I'm alive, glorify. There ain't no tree going to clap in my place. For as long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorified. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. From the rising of the sun to the setting down alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Ain't no birth going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive and glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no word going to sing in my face. As long as I'm alive and glorified. Oh, I'll praise his name. And God's going to get my praise. God's going to get my praise. Devil, get out of my way. Oh, God's going to get my praise. Say, God's going to get my praise. Oh, God's going to get my praise. Devil, get out of my way. Oh, God's going to give my praise. There ain't no rock going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive and glorified. Oh, there ain't no rock going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive and glorified. Oh, say it one more time. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh. Oh. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorify, I'll praise his name. Yes. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. As long as I'm alive and glorified, I'll praise his name. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm going to let no route sing in my place. Amen. I'm going to praise him. I'm going to worship him. He's my God. Amen. Oh, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see you, brother Lando. Sister Regina, God bless you. Nice to have you today. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers here today. It's good to be in the presence of the Lord and expecting God to just do great things among us, speaking to hearts and lives, revealing himself. Amen. You got a need in your life to today. Why don't you just lift it up to God and say, "Lord, come pass by my way, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, we want to bow before you today and say thank you for your goodness, for your grace on our lives, for your mercy that endures, for your love that never ends, how we love you and thank you today. Lord, we can do nothing without you. And we're just asking that you would just minister to hearts and lives today. hands that have went up to different ones, Lord, lifting up their hands to you. I pray, oh God, that you'll just be merciful, Lord, to them, Father, that you'll look down and you'll see the need that is in their lives and you'll speak to them in a very special way. I pray today, Lord, that as we look into the scripture, into the word of God, that we can all make our call and election sure. the day and the hour. I recognize our visitation, what you're doing in this hour, this time. Speak to hearts, Lord. Speak to lives. We pray in Jesus' name. Lord, knowing that there's many loved ones that are out that are groping out in sin, some seeming getting darker and darker and darker. I pray, oh God, that somehow you'll reach out to them. The prodals running away from you in the hog slop of the world. May it be today that they get enough. Lord, may it be today that the angel awakesome, says there's food at the father's house. I pray Lord, oh God, that you'll hear the prayers of your children and the cries of many mother's hearts today that are reaching out for their lost loved one. Meet it, I pray in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We're so thankful to the Lord today. thankful for you being here together and for the presence of the Lord. Uh we just had a wonderful song service as we worship the Lord together. We want to just now look into the word. Let the word of God stir our hearts today. And um if you um if you will, excuse me, you can uh prepare the slides that I have uh today because um we're going to do we're going to just kind of go a little different direction than what we've been doing. And we uh we're going to to kind of um take some thoughts today and um just do a little bit of teaching instead of preaching. And so this is Sunday and it'll be our Sunday school lesson today as we just look into the word of God. And at the end of the service with the Dunn family has their daughter Rain that's going to be baptized today in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. What a privilege that is that she has chosen to serve the Lord. Amen. That would be the answer to any mother's prayer. I know. Amen. God bless you. Today we're going to be speaking today on um on on modern events made clear by prophecy as we uh just look at some of the events that are taking place and the day and the hour that we're living in. And we would want to see the word of God made clear and and and uh and see what has been promised and prophesied for this hour. And of course, there's been a lot of things in the last few days that you're all all aware in the news, but I just kind of wanted to cap it off today and and speak about it. If um you don't mind, we just go into the scriptures and look and see where we are in the word of God. And uh of course, we've been speaking on the mountain movers where that he says, "Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying grace, grace unto it. And we got to keep our eyes on the promise. When we see trouble in the land, when we see prophecy coming to pass, we want to remember we're also in the prophecy. And the prophecy is the mountains are going to be moved. Amen. You know, even things that looks like it's impossible for it to happen, it's going to happen anyway. Amen. Because mountains will be moved. And and of course then it shall be brought the headstone will come forth with shoutings crying grace, grace. So it's the absolute favor of God that is upon this generation, upon us today. So, as we look into this, I want to turn to Revelation chapter 12, and we will read from the first verse. You might want to keep your Bible handy. I may have a scripture that I refer to that won't be in the slides, but but Revelation 12 and verse 1. And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with the sun, the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars. And she being with with child travailing in birth, pain to be delivered. And there appeared another wonder in heaven. And behold, a great red dragon having seven heads and 10 horns and seven crowns upon his heads. And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven. And it cast him to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered for to devour her child as soon as it was born all nations with a rod of iron. And her child was caught up in unto God into his throne. And the woman fled into the wilderness where she hath the place prepared of God that they should feed her there a,23 score days. God bless you. You can be seated. Now, as I said, we're going to be switching focus today to some modern events that are actually have been prophesied of the time, the day that we're living in. And of course, we have read in this prophecy where we instead of seeing a man on the moon, we see a woman on the moon. And um she as the Bible said that there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with the sun and a moon under her feet and upon her crown head a crown of 12 stars. So here is the woman that is depicted. Now remember the book of revelation is a symbolic book and so it's all in parabolic form and of course we have to understand then what is given for us to know because it is given to us to know the mysteries of the kingdom and of course in this day the book of revelation really becomes our book. It becomes made known to us in our day. And so this woman is clothed um there with the with the sun which is the light of the gospel. It is grace. The moon is under her feet which was the law. For the law is a shadow or a reflection of better things to come. And upon her head is a crown of 12 stars which are um you know the 12 patriarchs of course as you know in the old testament and the new it's reflected in the book of revelation as it talks about those before the throne which are the four and the 20 elders. So the 4 and 20 is 24. And so that is 12 of the Old Testament, 12 of the New Testament, 12 patriarchs, 12 apostles. And so the reason why this is important is is that in a in a Israel reflects um the the true bride of Christ because she was the bride of the old covenant. And now we come into the new covenant where God has called a people out of the Gentiles for his name's sake. And so in all in in all actuality that that um they both are reflected in this prophecy because not only is um she having 12 patriarchs but in her complete deliverance, she will also have revealed to her the 12 apostles which are of course um those that have been spoke of and called by Jesus and they they are part of the New Testament church. So she is there clothed with the sun, the gospel of grace. The moon is under her feet which is the law. It's a shadow of better things to come. There's a 12 uh crown of 12 stars of 12 patriarchs. And uh which shows her completeness. And here's what's important. She she gives a she actually has gives birth to a male child which is Jesus Christ. Now I want you to remember Israel is is was in a place 2,000 years ago where the woman Israel was expecting a Messiah. She was looking for the Christ to come. We are here in this day. She was reflecting us and we are people also who are under expectation. We are looking for our Messiah for Christ to come. So again we have in this last day a bride who is an expectant people looking for the Messiah. And of course as you know even in the first coming of Christ there was a forerunner that was given which was Elijah who was John the Baptist the messenger prepared before his face. So we see then also that we would have again Elijah the prophet to come in the last days to forrun the second coming of the Lord. So you can see it's a real parallel and Israel is a type of the church and and the church is a continuation and fulfillment of Old Testament types. So you say, "Well, Old Testament doesn't even apply to us." Oh, yes it does. We are the fulfillment of the law and the prophets. And so again, the summary is is the sun is the glory of God, the grace brought by the gospel. The moon is dominion over the law that's now at her feet. And then the 12 stars, which is the divine order of the 12 tribes in the New Testament, 12 apostles. She gives birth to a male child, which is Jesus Christ. Now, in contrast, there is another woman in the book of Revelation that is also a part of end time prophecy. So, we're going to look at this as well. And if you will see here there the Bible said then one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls or vials came and talked with me saying come and I will show you the judgment of the great harlot who sits upon many waters with whom the kings of the earth has committed fornications and the inhabitants of the earth were made drunk with the wine of her fornication. So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness and I saw a woman sitting on a scarlet colored beast who which was full of names of blasphemy. Watch now. And and she has seven heads and 10 horns. And of course the seven heads in the Bible are the seven heels upon which she sits. And notice she has names full of blasphemy because why is it blasphemous names? Because when you take on a name that is different from the that of your husband, the bridegroom Jesus Christ, that is names of blasphemy. It is a names of blasphemy to be called by any denominational name. We are to be called by the name of Jesus Christ. So she had she was a woman on a scarlet colored beast and she had what had names full of blasphemy or full of names of blasphemy. And so so again the Bible describes her as a woman was arrayed in scarlet. She's adorned with gold and precious stones and pearls having in her hand a cup of full of abominations and the filthiness of her fornications. And on her forehead was a name written mystery Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and the abominations of the earth. Now what a mother's day that is because I want you to notice she didn't write her name here. God has marked her and he has named her as mystery babel. So she is associated with a city, you know, that that was before her which was full of paganism and idolatry. And now that same idolatry is now in that church. And so she is mystery Babylon the great, the mother of harlots. Now notice she is a mother. So she has daughters and her daughters are those who were born out of her. Those who were born out of her are also harlots because they also did not stay true to the word took in the seeds of other men that was not her husband Jesus Christ. And this makes her as the Bible calls her the great He calls her the mother of harlots. So he identifies these denominational systems as the the horror and out of her coming daughters which she has given birth to and out of her came Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Catholic, all of these names of blasphemy. Amen. I want you to understand because to call yourself to take on any other name that for salvation than the name of Jesus Christ is blasphemy. That's right. And then he said, he goes on to describe her and said, I saw the woman and she's actually drunk with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her, I marveled or I was greatly amazed. I was amazed at this woman as I looked at her. Now here he he said she is drunk with the blood of the saints. Now just just in martyology, there are 68 million that she has slaughtered down to the ages. And I'll tell you, she's never repented of it. Amen. The Bible even said in Revelation chapter nine that she would not repent of her of her fornications and her idolatry and her murders and and neither um you know her given over to idolatry. She would never repent of it. So she she'll not repent. You can't reform her. Amen. Come on. Reformations have tried down to the ages. They've had to trying to reform the church and all it produced was another harlot system. That's why in this day we had to have a restoration, not a reformation. That's right. Now, this is very important so that we understand. You see, so this second woman in Revelation 17 is a harlot on the beast. She symbolizes false religion. She symbolizes spiritual adultery. All right. Doctrines that are contrary to the word apostasy and persecution. She sits on a scarlet beast which is political and demonic power. And you look at her, she controls billions around the world. They want to talk about a, you know, a bunch of cult people, people following this cult, you know, of a prophet and and you know that there maybe a million or so of them across the earth. Listen, this one here is a a man who is worshiped and adored as a as a very presence of Jesus Christ on earth and and there he is controlling over 1 billion people upon the earth. That's right. So I want to ask you, who's the cult? Amen. And look what she has a she has dressed in purple and scarlet worldly royalty and seduction and riches. She has a gold cup in her hand that is full of of her fornication. It's the wine. It's false doctrines. It's creeds of men. And not only that, she's drunk with the blood of the saints. So she brings religious persecution. And I want you to remember even though we have come through horrible times in this day and and you'd think it would all be passed like the Holocaust where there was millions of people killed. Um but I I want you to remember religious persecution is not over. It is not over. And in fact of the matter is it's about to turn loose because the protections we have enjoyed even in in America is fast fastly fading away. Amen. So now as we look at this, I want you just to to get this now um as we look at this false religion. It's um it so so here in this this false religion here as we're talking about it, it's spiritual adultery. It's corrupt religious systems that are in absolute rebellion against God. And so it's it's often tied to Babylon as it's called mystery Babylon. It's not Babylon, but the same mysteries of Babylon come in her and and mixes paganism with the gospel making a hybrid religion. So again, says we we see her condition. She deceives the people. She opposes God's true people and she is a symbol of aposty and world power and and persecution. Now I want to show you another woman as we are looking in at this and I want to show you another woman and she is the counterpart or the parallel to this woman on the moon. Now the woman on the moon is Israel. But here I want you to remember she was reflecting also are paralleling or speaking of another woman to come and that woman would be the bride of Jesus Christ. So let me show you her. She is called the bride, the lamb's wife. And so in and so here it says um let me see if let me see here. Let me just read this part of the scripture there as we look at it. Um I have slipped down in my in my notes. Sorry. So as we as we look at her in her condition, she she is the brides, the lamb's wife that is called and it says, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. Give him glory for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife hath made herself ready." Now listen church. No matter what, God's going to have a people. Amen. God's going to have the people. That's going to be the end result. God will have a bride. No matter what the world does, no matter how Satan comes against us, God's going to have a bride. She has prophesied of the coming of a woman who would make herself prepared to meet the bridegroom. Amen. So he said, "And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteous acts of the saints." Now, I want to get this to you. I I I want you to see what she would be dressed in. She will actually take on the clothes of the righteous acts of all of the elect down through the ages. Amen. Amen. She will wear the garment of the faith of Abraham. Come on. She will actually be the Sarah, the Rebecca, the Esther. She will be she will actually dress herself in all of the words that prophesied of her. So she will be arrayed in fine linen, clean and bright. For the fine linen is the righteous acts of the saints, not their failures. Amen. But their righteous acts. Amen. Oh, I tell you this morning, we talking about putting on the whole armor of God. We ought to put on the faith of Abraham. The faith of Enoch. Amen. The faith of men of God down through the ages who stood for the word of truth. Put it on. Amen. Now, you know, this was not just preached to you so that you could see it in their lives. It's so you could take that apparel and put it on your own self. Dress yourself in that very faith. Yes. So he says, "And to her, to her was granted that she should be arrayed." Verse nine. And then he said unto me, write blessed are they that are called to the marry supper of the lamb and says these are the true sayings of God because the true word of God is being made manifest in bride form. And I'll just say this morning, these are the true sayings of God. Here's the word being made flesh. That's the age the hour that we're living in. That in a day where men and women are actually taking on the very spirits from hell, here's a people that are taking on the very garments sir of the saints before them and dressed in the same righteous acts believe in the word of God. Amen. Now, so then again, Revelation 21:9, then one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls or vials filled with the seven last plagues came to me and talked with me and said, "Come, I will show you the bride, the lamb's wife." Now, I want to say something about this. One of the seven angels, do you realize this was a man? Amen. Later on in the scripture, John would go to to worship him. He said, "Don't do it. I'm a prophet." So he actually now he actually sees in the vision a prophet coming to him. And this prophet says, "Come here. I want to show you the bride, the lamb's wife." Hallelujah. Do you realize that's exactly where we are in the vision? Amen. In the book of Revelation, we are in that vision where the bride is come on display. A people for his name's sake. Amen. And notice now how he gets to do it. He He carries me away in the spirit because you're not going to see nothing until you get in the spirit. Amen. This is why that we've been preaching about atmosphere and and having the right atmosphere and getting in the spirit and all of these things is because you're not going to see anything till you get in the spirit. Amen. And he said he carried me away to a high mountain and showed me the great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God. And her white was a a most precious stone like jasper stone clear as crystal. Listen, when brother Bradam talked about that sea as clear as crystal, he said it represents all sin is gone, washed in the blood, totally annihilated till it's clear as crystal. So the glory of God that she has was a light like a most precious stone, clear as crystal. We're talking about the bride glorified. Amen. And we're in the day where God Oh, after there's been churches and churches and brides, brides, here comes the real one that the others were only reflecting. Amen. So as we look at this, we we see that this third woman here, she she reflects the church in glory, glorified, redeemed, united with Christ. She she's described as a bride adorned for her husband, made ready for the marriage supper of the Lamb, arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, the righteousness of the saints. She's she's revealed as not mystery Babylon. Amen. The other woman's associated with a an ancient city. But this one is a new Jerusalem. Amen. Which is the dwelling place of God. Can't you see? He says, "This bride is my dwelling place." These are the people I have chosen to dwell in. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't that awesome to know here right in the scripture we have been placed, you know, where as a bride ready for I ready for marriage. I don't care where you are in your walk right now. Amen. Look toward the promise and take another step. Is that right? If you're falling short today, take another step. Amen. If you look like there's a lack in your life, remember he's going to make you ready. And the bride has made herself ready. So put it on. Amen. Now, so again, you see this is this is a role. It's the redeemed church, the dwelling place of God among his people. A people who are in perfect communion with Christ. So this this woman is totally different than that other LWD woman we just saw who is drunk with the blood of saints. She instead is in communion with Christ. Now she is the dwelling place of God. So as we look at here and I just kind of summarize this, you know, here we take this woman. Now in Revelation 12, the woman is clothed with the sun. Revelation um she she is Israel in Revelation 12. Revelation 17, that's the great harlot, Babylon, mystery Babylon the great. Now, Revelation 19 and 21, the bride, the lamb's wife. The first one represents God's covenant people, Israel. Secondly, the second one represents the apostate religion and world system. Now, church, if you got you got to realize we're in the end time where the it's going to be so close, it would deceive the very elect. We can't just be religious people. Amen. We We've got to have the right thing because there is an apostate religion and a world system. And then there is but there is another woman who is representing the raptured church. Amen. So here we are the represented in the scripture is a people who are caught up. Amen. Now look, the clothing of of Revelation 12 woman is the sun, the moon, the 12 stars. The clothing of the Revelation 17 is purple, scarlet, gold, and jewels. She's a worldly woman, rich, increased with goods. Revelation 19, fine linen, clean and white. The righteous acts of the saints. Let me ask you, how are you dressed? Look at the role of that. If one brings Christ into the world, she gave birth to the Messiah. The second one persecutes the saints and deceives the whole world. The last one here, the bride, the lamb's wife, is one married, united with Christ forever. So one of them in the relationship, you know, is a mother of the Messiah, Israel, opposed to Christ, the great harlot, married to Christ, the bride. See the women in the Bible. Those are the mothers. Amen. And look at the end. We'll see in Revelation 12, they're protected and delivered. We see the one in Revelation 17, judged and destroyed. will see the bride, the lamb's wife will dwell with God eternally. So look where God has placed you. Look the calling that he has given you in the word. So now as we look at here, you know, this in these these key symbols now that we're going to look at here in Revelation 12, we're going to look through verse um 2-6 now in our next slides. And just as an overview, we'll see a woman with child as Israel. There'll be a manchild, Jesus Christ. There will be the dragon uh which will be Satan. There will be t the um tail which is lies and deception. There will be the third part of the stars of fallen angels and demonic spirits and Herod and Rome which will be Satan's earthly agent. So let's look into that real quick. And she being with child, she cried travailing in birth. She was pained to be delivered. And there appears another wonder in heaven. Now here the scene changes. You have this woman Israel. She's about to give birth. Right here is she's about to give birth. Satan's there. What? And here he comes. is a great red dragon having seven heads, 10 horns, and seven crowns upon his heads. And we ask, who is this dragon? Revelation 12 says, verse 9 says, "And the dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan." So that's who he is. And look what he did. His his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven and it cast them to the earth. So this this is his whole job is to deceive the world but not only do that but deceive angels. Now you see he was could we say one of the first preachers. Sure. He preached to angels and deceived them. He come and preach to Eve and deceive man. He's still preaching today in pullpits across the world. The Bible tells you that he would be worshiped instead of God. That when you really pull the mask off of the man of sin, it would not be Jesus Christ. It would be worshiping. It would be the man of sin. Now, so here we are now. You know this the tale in the scripture. Brother Brandham said it was not the t a l it was the t a l e that he told. Now tail in the scripture is symbolic of lies and manipulation. In Isaiah 9:15, you can put this down. The prophet teaches lies. He is the tale. So you see, he uses cunning, deceit, twisted words to lead others astray. And the Bible said, "And he did cast them to the earth." And these fallen angels become demons. Amen. And even sickness and they're now active in spiritual warfare against the church and and opposing God's purposes on earth. And this is why the Bible tells you you've got to you've got to arm yourself and put on the whole armor of God because you're going to be facing the adversary and the host of hell in this last day and especially in this last day. Amen. Because this is even when reinforcements come from the river Euphrates as you know where there are millions more that are released and and the Bible tells you that that the the dragon stood before the woman and and to devour her child. Now remember this was Rome and she was standing there. So right there, I want you to get this. Before Jesus was even born, Satan has made his move, he's in place, too. Remember this. This is the way it's going to be in the end time. Before Jesus comes, before the rapture of the church, Satan is gonna be there, too. And fact of the matter is when the when the bride goes up, he will be full king of the earth. You don't want to be here when that happens because right now he has limited power. But then his power will be unleashed because he has but a short season and he hath great wrath. So you see here again, she brought forth a manchild, which is Jesus Christ, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron, and her child was raptured up to God and to his throne. Now, let's stop just for a minute and explain this because he was to bring the millennium. He was to come as a king. He was to to bring peace on earth and good will to man, right? But being rejected there, you see, and and the whole nation of Israel turned against him. And here he was he was he was crucified, rose again, and and caught up to God and to his throne. So he was raptured up. So that's what happened in that rapture. Now, so Jesus was the male child and and he was born of Israel, destined to rule, caught up to God in an ascension. And because Israel rejected the gospel, it has postponed the millennial reign. So they were asking him, Lord, will you restore the kingdom at this time? They wanted the kingdom. That's what they was looking for. And he said, you know, again, the because of rejection of the Messiah, the kingdom is postponed for seven gentile church ages and the bride begins. And this is not even seen in Revelation 12 because we're dealing with that nation Israel in this vision. So, so God God does not show here that a time gap between these scriptures. So we look at this next verse begins, "And the woman fled into the wilderness." So I want you to see between verse five and six is 2,000 years of gentile church ages that are not shown in this vision because it don't pertain. It just picks up again what in the end time when the woman will flee to the wilderness. Amen. All right. Now, this happens at the end times. That happened. The other happened 2,000 years ago. Now, then between five and six are seven gentile churches and they're not even shown. Amen. So, we jump right over into verse six. And the woman fled in the wilderness where she has a place prepared of God. I want you to get this because he's got a place for you, too. Amen. I go to prepare a place for you. But here Israel has a place also. And she fled into the wilderness. This was a condition of the land of Israel, a forgotten and mostly barren land until the Jews fled. Watch this. fled from all over the world into this prepared place and Israel is reathered into her land in modern times where she has been nursed by God. Let me tell you friends, if you want to see a miracle, just look at Israel. How in the world could they survive with surrounded by the enemy on every side, millions upon billions of Muslims around them, everyone breathing down on their neck, wanting to destroy them, sending missiles, doing everything they can to wipe her off the face of the earth. Why does she exist? Because she is nourished by God. Because God had provided her a place. He look now he he brought her to her place. Now if God would take Israel to her place, don't he don't you know he's going to take you to your place? Amen. If this is what he does for the natural people, how much more will he do it for the spiritual people? So there is a place prepared for us. Amen. And the oh my there are homes. There are abodess. There are tabernacles. There are actually literal literal buildings and places. There are valleys. There are mountains. There are rivers. There are streams. There are cities. There are parks. I'm talking about your heaven. Amen. I'm talking about where we're going. And in there even more is going to even be better tabernacles which will be our theophony bodies which is better than anything that is gold and silver lined. Come on church. Amen. But new glorified bodies. He's prepared a place for you. He prepared a place for them in the wilderness. She fled to the wilderness because this is what the nation had become. a barren place for nearly 2,000 years. So she she's in this condition and and today modern Israel and the church both is under satanic attack to try to remove you or remove them from their place. So they're doing everything they can to destroy the nation of Israel. Get them out of their place. Don't let them possess their land. Right. Everybody run in from all these other nation, call yourself Palestinians and and camp out there to what? Keep Israel out of the promised land. And the devil would do the same thing to you. He'll camp right down on a divine promise, for your healing, for your miracle, for your salvation. He'll camp right down on it, and he'll do everything he can to keep you off of it. But church, don't do any deals with the devil. This is where Israel has always got in trouble is trying to appease the enemy. You don't appease your enemy. You destroy your enemy before he destroys you. So, Satan is there to hinder, to thwart the fulfillment of God's word by trying to force us out of our position. But the word of God is clear. It won't be us cast out and it won't be Israel cast out. But the prince of this world will be cast out. He will be first cast out of heaven, then his kingdom destroyed. Oh, think of that. Think about that. Think about what God did with the the nation of of Egypt. Remember, they dealt them a heavy hand. They brought them into slavery and bondage and did all kinds of horrible things to Israel. But God had a plan that after 400 years, he would bring them out with a mighty hand under a prophetic ministry in that Exodus. And so he when he leads them out, God brings them to a place where it looks like they are trapped. And there's no way out. I want you to understand the Bible said the end time will be a snare. It'll be a trap. Amen. Amen. But in there, God made a way through the Red Sea. And in doing so, he he coaxed all of Egypt's army right down into the Red Sea and destroyed them. Now, I want you to see what God's doing in this time. He'll make a way of escape of our bride, Jesus Christ. There will be a rapture of the church. Amen. And when it looks like she has no other place to go, when it looks like she's all surrounded and it ain't going to end well. Amen. Are you with me? That'll be when he'll come. And he'll make a way, amen, through the dimensions and take a bride out of here into glory in a rapture. And he'll come on and say, "Come on, Satan. Come on down. Come on down into this earth. Come on down here cuz I'm going to pour out my vials of judgment on your kingdom. And he'll do the act of avenger, the wrath of the lamb during the tribulation. So you see, he will be first cast out of heaven, then his kingdom will be destroyed. And what happened at Calvary was the start of it. The beginning of him being cast out until ultimately he will be bound for a thousand years. But first he would deal with the with the redemption of the soul because the casting out of Satan out of the soul of man where he does not belong. Now remember this has happened in all the way from Eden when when man sin Satan gained the throne of the soul. So the the gospel does what the Old Testament law could not do and that was to put the nature of God in the soul and put him on the throne of man. So you see here this is what he's doing. But notice as he talks about Calvary, he said, "Now, now begins the judgment of this world. And now shall the prince of this world being cast out." Where would it be? In the soul of man. So the casting out of Satan has already begun. I've experienced it. You've experienced it. And the church is commissioned to cast Satan out. Amen. To cast him out of souls, cast him out of bodies, cast him out of souls is salvation. It's to the dethroning of Satan and the throne where God becomes the king of your heart. So you see as he says in John 14:30, hereafter I'll not talk much with you, for the prince of this world cometh and he hath nothing in me. Now, this has to be the same thing the bride can say in this last day. The prince of this world is coming, but he have no part of me. I'm not of him. I'm not of his kingdom. And I'm not staying here in his kingdom. I'm not going to be taken and pulled back into it. I am going up, not down. I'm part of those ascending, not part of those that are falling. Amen. Yes, sir. Now, so the the prince of this world cometh and he hath nothing in me. Now, so here he says here we want to talk about the spirit of Judas now because I'm kept this place. Remember remember we have a position. Remember when the bride recognized her position, when she knows what it is, the rapture will come. Remember what he says? If the church would just know her position, wouldn't be any sick among us, be completely healed everywhere, right? It would take our position. So, Satan does everything he can to keep you from inheriting the divine promises, to keep you out of your promises. Are you with me now? So here right in the midst going along with it with them with the twel apostles is Judas. And I want you to notice he is he tries to take a position of a believer when he truly was a devil. The Bible calls him the it speaks of him as the man of sin. He he was Satan incarnate. Satan entered into him, right? Amen. So instead of receiving the Holy Ghost, he took another spirit, the spirit of Satan. Now, and of course then he betrayed the Lord. So the spirit of Judas will be here in this last day to try and and betray the truth. So you're going to look for it everywhere that you look. You're going to see the spirit of Judas at work. That's right. Amen. And and he's a symbol of Satan working in false believers among the true occupying places that do not belong to them. So Judas was bound and he was never crossed over into the fullness of of the spirit that and because that spirit will only go so far. Look look what brother Brandham said in three kinds of believers. He said, "Jesus, we find out, has warned us against these last days and these kind of people. It' be so much like the real thing. They would absolutely deceive the very elected ones." What is that? That's the Judases. The people that goes up so far, look like they can cry, shout, claim to cast out devils, everything, and turn back and deny around and deny the word. Exactly. They have a form of godliness. Look where Judas came. The Judas spirit climbed up in the gospel to the place of Pentecost. But when it comes time for his baptism in the name of Jesus Christ and these other things that goes with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he walked out. He showed his colors and that spirit can live in those denominations until he gets right to that truth. And then she drops back like the spirit that was on them that forerrun their coming just as John forun Jesus coming. So we also have the spirit of Judas forerunning the antichrist. And look where it can come. He'll get all the way but he'll deny Pentecost. He'll never go up to the upper room. This is why you know preaching on the new birth, preaching on the baptism of the Holy Ghost is so important because why? The spirit of Judas can go that far but he won't go all the way to the full birth. Right. Now, that's the problem. These spirits can live right in message churches and accept the doctrines, but when it really comes to dealing with issues and dying out to self and receiving the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, they show their colors. Now, I want to get this clear. Judas never did belong in a position as an apostle of our Lord. That's right. Judas occupied a position that was not ready to be filled. Now, whose position was that? The Apostle Paul. And Paul would be one born out of due season. So, here he he is numbered among the 12, but he there's a purpose in mind because there has to be a betrayer. And and I want you to see a lot of times we look for persecution and things to come from far out there. But if you notice how that it moves right in the message ranks and opposition against the truth. Do you realize even the crucifixion of brother Brandham and and the horrible things have come from those who say they believe the sign. Are you with me? The spirit of Judas living right there so close but never going on to real new birth and they fall off and as they fall off they betray the Lord. Now we're in a time where this betrayal is going on. Now I want you to see this of the spirit of Judas. And because again we're talking about placing now. Watch this. You have a place. Israel is being taken to her place. Her position. You are being positioned. Watch now. Look at this. Here's one that is occupying a place that doesn't belong to him. Acts 1:16. Men and brethren, the scripture must needs to have been fulfilled which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake concerning Judas, which is a guide to them that took Jesus. for he was numbered with us and hath obtained part of this ministry. Now I want you to see how the thoughts can come in right up so close so close to the truth to the right in the inner circle. You have the outer circle scribes and Pharisees. You think that that's where the deception's coming. No, it's coming from closer. Here comes the 70. Now you have another group and they walk with him no more. Then you come a little closer right into the and it just moves on right on in into the 12. And one of them's a devil. I've chosen 12 of you and one of you is a devil. One of you will betray me. It moves right in. So he says he was numbered with us and had obtained part of this ministry. Oh yeah. He laid hands on the sick. He used the name of Jesus. He prayed prayers of faith. I'm I'm talking about Judas. And the Bible said that many would come to me in that day saying, "Lord, Lord, have I not cast out devils in your name?" Didn't we speak with new tongues? And he said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you." That's right. So again, this man purchased with a a field with the reward of iniquity, fallen headlong, he burst a sunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out. And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem in so much that this field is called in their proper tongue Alcadelma, which is that is to say, the field of blood. For it is written in the Psalms, "Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell in him, and his bishop let another take." So again, it's prophesied in there that that his habitation would come become desolate, and his bishop could that another person would take. And then we see them that they prayed and said, "Lord, thou knowest the heart of all men. Show us which of these two they chosen that he may take part of this ministry and apostilhip from which Judas by transgression fell." Watch now. That he might go on to his what? Own place. Because this was never his place. He was occupying a place that was never his. But now he goes to his own place. Now, Brother Brandham talks about Calvary and he said, you know, you look and you see three crosses. He said, I see four. And he says there was Jesus hanging between two thieves. One, he was there. You know, one went with him to paradise. So, he took one with him to heaven and the other thief is hanging on the cross. Guess what? Look down the hill there. There's another hanging from a tree cuz the Bible said he went out and hung himself. So, he's also hanging from a tree. And cursed is he that hangs from a tree. So, here he comes and Judas now hangs himself. Here's your fourth cross. and he takes the unrepentant sinner with him to hell. So you see the dividing line that will happen in the last day. One will go to heaven with Christ. The other will be swept away by the antichrist. And the Bible tells about these angels which kept not their first estate but left their own habitation. and he reserved in everlasting chains to unto darkness and to the day of judgment. So they left, they kept not their first estate. So they fell. So let's look here according to the book of Revelation. This will happen to Satan. And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. The dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not. I love that. Don't you love it? Amen. just to see the enemy is not going to win. If you could only get a view of that about your sickness, about your situation, no matter how sore the battle is against you, the devil's not going to win. It's prophesied in the scripture. He prevailed not. Watch now. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. So now they have also been occupying a place that did not belong to them. It belonged to you, the sons and daughters of God. But guess what? Amen. Instead of him forcing us out of our place, we are forcing him out of our place. And we are ascending into the heavenly realms. Amen. And the devil, the great dragon was cast out. That old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out in the earth. His angels were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now is come salvation." Hallelujah. And strengthen the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accuse him before our God day and night. Hallelujah. Do you realize we're in the time where the accusation is no longer being received? When you look at the family of God that is assembled in Revelation five and all the family is there, how different that is from when Job and the family of God assembled because Satan was right there to accuse. Amen. How different it was with Joshua the high priest in Zachchariah's prophecy when he was right there and Satan was right there at his right hand to oppose him. But when you look at Revelation 5, when the lamb takes the book, hallelujah, when he calls for his redeemed, there is no mention of that old serpent called the devil being there. He is not gathered at the family gathering anymore. No longer can he accuse because the lamb has paid the debt completely taken the book and loosed the seals. Hallelujah. No wonder you are justified before his presence. You never did it in the first place. And so therefore, heaven is celebrating. Now has come salvation and strength in the kingdom of our of our God. You see, this this points to the unfolding of God's final victory over Satan's work. For we will be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. There there won't even be any sin stains in our garments. Oh, it's so important that you change clothes. You don't want to meet him in a in a in this old robe that you smoked in and stained with alcohol and sex sins and drugs and all kinds of violence. Come on. These old garments have been stained, but oh, they're going to be changed. We're going to get new garments, and we'll stand before him in a glorified condition, in a in a body that never smoked, never drank, never lied, never had evil thought. Hallelujah. Justified in his presence. What a glorious day that's going to be. Amen. So salvation, full deliverance, full redemption, full vindication. I want you to remember, we're in the days of full redemption. That's what seven angels in the cloud represented was full redemption. Amen. The seven ang angels represented the seven church ages. Again, you see the kingdom of our God is a rulership uh of now of God is fully enforced unchallenged by the devil because the accuser of the brethren is cast down. And notice, and they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony, and they love not their lives unto their death. So they overcame him. That old serpent we're talking about, the one that begaliled Eve, the one that begaliled Israel and deceived her. Come on. The one who begiled the early church. But guess what? You have a different destiny. You see, they were made where they could fall. But when you are born again, you are sealed by the Holy Ghost. And you are now made where you can't fall. You are sealed to the day of redemption. So you have a different destiny. You have been predestinated not to fall. That's right. Hallelujah. So we turned down his lies. You know that's why brother Brandham talked about that and he said they said we were once those angels who those spirits that rotated off of God who did not believe the devil's lie. Oh, you mean we existed pre-existed? No, we didn't pre-existed, but in God's thoughts. But in God's thoughts, he saw us in time. Just like he did Christ, he in God's thinking, he saw him as a lamb slain from the foundation of the world. So for the world began, he saw him in his mind as a lamb slain. So he also saw you overcoming the devil's lie. Amen. He saw you right here in this evil age, standing for righteousness and for truth and overcoming in this generation. What am I trying to tell you? You've already been seen in victory. Already been seen there. You remember Bill Dao, brother Brandham rushed to his side, 90s something years old, shows you God don't care how old you are, he'll heal you. I'm passing my three scoring 10. Well, he'll still heal. You know, Bill Dow's past 90 and he's dying, gasping for breath under an oxygen tent. Brother Brandon said, "I wore the old tires off my car getting to him. He had a blowout along the way." And he finally got there and he stood by the side of Bill Dao and he's gasping for breath and brother brother Brandham looked at him and as he and a vision broke and he says Bill you'll not die for I see you in front of the blue boore restaurant shaking my hand. Oh yes. Amen. He had been seen in the vision. And it didn't matter how many more gasp he had, how many more days he stayed in the oxygen tent, how many hours of recovery and days of rehabilitation. He just kept walking until one day he walked and he's there. And brother Brandham sticks out his hand and says, "Bill, here's the vision. He walked right into the vision. Now, you've already seen been seen in the vision. You have been seen as one who will turn down the devil's lie. Who will overcome in this age? What are you going to do? You're going to take one step at a time until you match the vision. So, they turned him down, but turned down his lies and and overcame his deception. and they they were filled with the spirit and washed in the blood and and this is the foundation of our victory. For our victory is not what we done but what he did. So the blood of Jesus defeats Satan's power. It cleanses sins. It cancels the his legal accusation. It justifies and protects the believers. We're under the protection of the blood. The blood's our covenant. It's our righteousness. is our defense against every accusation of the devil. Aren't you glad for that? Yes, sir. And we also overcome by the word of our testimony. Our testimony is the personal spoken witness of what Jesus has done in our lives. Every believer has a testimony. Mike Smith Wigglesworth said, "He that hath an experience is not merely, you know, is is not at the mercy of him that merely hath an argument." Amen. My testimony, the word of their testimony, my testimony, not mothers, not daddies, but my testimony, a personal revelation. He did this for me. It's a confession of faith. And it's not just words, but it's a life that is lived in alignment with the truth. Amen. And in the face of threats and trials and persecution, their testimony remained faithful. They love not their lives unto the death. They believed him so much, devoted so much to him that they were willing to die rather than to deny him. Amen. They Let me tell you, that's not just the attitude of the martyrs. That's the attitude of every Christian. They deny self to follow Jesus. And this is, like I said, not just about martyrdom. It's about living every day with a soldout faith that refuses to be silenced by fear, unbelief, or compromise or by the devil. I will not be silenced. I have a testimony. Amen. Jesus saved me. Jesus delivered me. You see, victory comes when when the fear of death no longer controls us because we trust the one who conquered death, hell, and the grave. So it said, "Therefore, rejoice ye heavens and ye that dwell in them." So it turns now the view to the raptured saints in glory and says, "Rejoice ye heavens, ye that dwell in them. But looking back to the earth now, woe to the inhabitants of the earth and the sea. For the devil is come down to you having great wrath because he know he hath but a short time. Notice here has but a short time. Three and a half years. That's all he has. And he'll set up his kingdom on the earth. But he's not going to enjoy it because we're going to watch it watch it plagued. She is going to be paid back for all of the murder she's done to the ages. Verse 13. And when the devil saw he was cast to the earth, he persecuted the woman that brought forth a mind child. So Israel is going to be a persecuted people. Amen. And so you can you can expect this time on time again that where she will be persecuted. Watch now. And when the dragon he he persecuted the woman that brought forth the manchild. Verse 14. And and to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle. Watch. That she might fly into the wilderness where? Into her place. So it's important that Israel gets in her place. But how does she get in her position? By giving the wings of a great eagle, right? Amen. You see, it'll be those two witnesses, which will be Moses and Elijah representing law and prophet, the complete Old Testament. Amen. That will give her wings to go right into her position and recognize her Messiah. Now, what's the parallel, church? Because how do we get in our place? How does the bride get in a position? By the wings of a great eagle, right? by a Malachi 4 prophet who brings a message of restoration that gives us the wings to fly in the promise of God where we can get in our position our place so we come under the eagle anointing in this day because that's our calling how many believes that so you see we are we are there. Watch now. And she is nourished for a time that's one year times two years and a half time that's three and a half years now from the face of the serpent. So this is how she gets into her place. And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman that she might be caused to be carried away of the flood. So now here watch now what happens the flood is armies. If you remember in the Bible waters is multitudes nation kindred people all nations will be against Jerusalem. So you can expect all the way to the end for Israel to be in turmoil. She will be persecuted by the serpent. He will cast out of his mouth water and like a flood and try to overcome her, to carry her away or the flood. To carry her away means to remove her from her position, to take her out of her land. But I want to remind the devil, God placed her there, not you. And when God places you on that, Amen. There ain't no the gates of hell will not prevail. Come on, church. When God puts you in position and he places you as a son, there ain't enough devils in hell can ever remove you from that place. No matter what armies he has, the floods that he brings that he cast out of his mouth, look where they're coming from. Listen, these are satanic armies. That's right. Satan stirring up over and over. You know, stop for a minute. Who is it? Who is it that are that is contesting contesting with Israel about the land of promise? Who is it? It is the Ishraelites. The child of the bond woman. And she is trying to do what? force her out of her inheritance, denying that Isaac is the true one because he's the one of the promise. Amen. Right. Amen. This other was a was one because of Sarah's false doctrine because of false doctrine to to ma Muhammad to hear here you got the whole Muslim race and the whole Muslim kingdom and there the whole thing. Look now they they got a counterpart. I want you to get it because it's just not this the seed of the woman Hagar there as as Muhammadans but you got right over here you got to look from there and you see the seed of the woman which is again Hagar which is the church and here she is down on your promise we're going the ones going in the rapture we're the ones going to receive the kingdom we're the ones that that has all the blessings And they're camping right down on your scriptures, making their denominations on it. Are you with me? Saying, "This is ours and this is our portion that doesn't belong to you, but God placed you, open up the seals, and supernaturally has placed you in the land." And the the children of Hagar are doing everything. But I want you to understand the prophecy cast out the bondswoman and her child. That's right. Because they will not be heir. That's why brother Brandon preaches seed not heir with the child. He said the child of the bond woman will not be heir with the children of the free. Amen. The denomination will not go into rapture. Only the bride. I'm telling you church, the the rapture is for you. That's right. And the rest of them can claim it, but it's for you. This is why God sent a message in this day to turn your heart to put you into place and it happens supernaturally. So now so again I want you to see here the earth helped the woman and the earth opened up her mouth and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth. Now, this speaks of a prophecy in the last days. In the last days, it is promised that Jesus will truly come back to the earth. Now, I want you to get this. He will not come to the earth for the rapture. We meet him in the air. Amen. So he will come to the earth and his feet will stand in that day upon the mount of olives. I said it said the mount of olives is where he left from. But nevertheless his feet will stand in that day upon the mount of olives. And the mount of olives shall cleave in the midst and ye shall flee to the valley. And the Lord my God shall come and all the saints with thee. Where is this? This is Revelation 19 where here he comes there for the battle of Armageddon, the Lord of Lord, King of Kings and all of the saints of heaven with him. This is the time when we will return back to the earth with him. So the Lord will come and he will fight for him in the for them in the day of battle. And so this is where the Lord physically returns to earth. He meets us in the air, but when he comes at the end of the tribulation period, he physically returns to the earth, placing his feet on the Mount of Olives. Until then, Brother Brandham tells us over and again, his blessed feet will never touch the earth until he returns there to the Jews at on the Mount of Olives. So as we look at this, there will be in that day a massive earthquake that is triggered by the coming of the Lord where that the mountain literally splits in two. And as it splits, it creates a valley, a way of escape for his people during that great battle of Armageddon. So look what God does. He provides a way of escape by his coming. Doesn't he do that for you? He provides a way of escape by his coming and we meet him in the air and for Israel he fin provides a way of escape by his coming and there's a great earthquake at Armageddon. And during this great battle the mountain literally splits and it creates a way of escape for his people. So let me let me just show you in Revelation 19 where this comes. And I saw heaven open and behold a white horse and he that sat on him was called faithful and true and in righteous. He does righteousness he doth judge and make war. And his eyes were as a flame of fire and on his head were many crowns. Stop for a minute. Why does he have many crowns? Because the saints will crown him king. So the very crowns that we are given we will place upon him. Because really our victory was really his victory. Hallelujah. I I overcame Lord. But I did it. I received this crown. But it was your victory in my life. And so therefore I place my crown up on you. You're Lord of Lord and King of Kings. Amen. Amen. Oh my. So look what he says. In his head was many crown. It had a name written that no man knew but he himself. And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood. Now notice he's also clothed with a vesture dipped in blood. And his name is called the word of God. Amen. Amen. And the armies which are in heaven followed him upon white horses clothed in fine linen clean light and clean. We already know what that is. And on his m out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword that he would smite the nations. Watch now. This man child would rule with a rod of iron. And he shall rule them with a rod of iron. He'll bring on the millennium for and he treadth the wine press and the fierceness of the wrath of God. So he'll absolutely crush his enemies. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Now church, many around the message want to say, "Oh, that's happening now. All of this is happening now." No, this is not happening now. We We are not in the scripture yet. This is fulfilled after the rapture and the saints will come with him. Now, so as we look here in in the scripture, um out of we we when we see here that he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. And I saw an angel standing in the sun, and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of the heaven, "Come and gather yourselves together into the supper of the great God, that you may eat the flesh of kings and flesh of captains, the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of the horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of men, both free and bond, both small and great. And I saw the beast and the kings of the earth and their armies and gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse and against his army. And the beast was taken and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before them and with which he deceived them that received the mark of the beast and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into the lake of fire burning with brimstone. and the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceedth out of his mouth, and all of the fowls were filled with their flesh. So, you see, this is where it comes. Now, looking at this, we want to look back for a moment at the beast of Revelation, chapter 13. Because I want you to see end time prophecy. Remember, in the days of Noah, God baptized the earth with water. In the days of Jesus, he shed his blood upon it. So, that's water blood. Then, in the last days, what will he do? He'll cleanse the earth with fire, which is a symbolic of the spirit. So just the same as he he redeems the earth, he redeems you. Water, blood, spirit. Now notice this as as we as we see this, we know then the end time judgment will be the earth burning with fire. And this is what the Bible prophesies. He will not baptize the earth with water again. He put a rainbow in the cloud. Said I'll not do it again. All right. Here's my covenant sign. I'll not I'll not flood the earth again and like I did here. I I baptized it with water once. So then again, he said, "Now I shed my blood of it in in the days of Jesus, but now he will burn it with fire." But I want you to watch now because the earth will have a burning which the prophet Malachi picks up in revel Malachi chapter 4 which he says the earth will burn as an oven and it'll all be as stubble and we'll walk out on the ashes of the wicked. And so we know we are in an age where it's the first age of time where there are wonders coming from heaven where the fires are coming out of heaven that are able to destroy the earth many times. And I want you to see the power of the beast that comes out of the earth that he had two horns like a lamb and he spoke as a dragon. Now, this rose up out of the land, which was a a place that was formerly basically uninhabited because the other beasts rose up out of the sea, which was multitudes, nation, tongues, and people. So, it rose up out of Europe. This one rises out of the land of America. It has the two horns that brother Brandham also always said, you know, was civil and ecclesiastical powers. And he says it had horns like a lamb. So it begins out like a lamb but it ends speaking like a dragon. So it starts out with freedom of religion. But then becomes very debolic in his nature. So you I I don't know what you're thinking about your politics. It's only going to get worse. That's right. and things are going on right now that are setting the stage for the end time process. And so again, he will exercise all the authority of the first beast, which was Rome, in his presence and cause all the the earth and those who dwell with it to worship the first beast, Rome, the Catholic Church, whose deadly wound was healed. We know how that was healed, right? because it was first pagan Rome. That's what it was in the days of Christ. But it it one of its heads get wounded and it gets gets healed and that's when it changed under Constantine from from pagan Rome to papal Rome and now she comes with her and he performs great signs so that he makes fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. And who got the atomic bomb? America. And of course you know the whole world is reigned into control with the power of the atomic weapons. You know here you got two nations today India and Pakistan Pakistan you know rising up against both of them have nuclear powers. But you see what holds them back is knowing if we unleash it. Nothing, you know, it ain't nothing going to stop. And you got Russia over here and they've got it now stole the secrets from America and and everything else and whatever. And now it's China's got it and all of these other, you know, we have all of these having, you know, ready to destroy the world. And let me just tell you, the Bible says it will burn like an oven. The Bible said the elements will melt with a fervent heat. The Bible prophesies we are going to be destroyed as a world, not just America. The world will burn off for the millennium. So we're here. We're at the end time. He performs great signs. So he maketh fire come down from heaven in the sight of men. Let's just go to another. And this shall be the plague wherewith he the Lord will s smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem. Their flesh shall consume away while they stand on their feet and their eyes shall consume away in their holes and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth. This is actually describing nuclear war warfare. This is where we're at. This is what the Bible said will happen. This will be the plague in the last days. Now, do you know, do you know right now we have in the world on the world scene Iran and we keep hearing about the Iranians and the Iranian. You know why they're there is because in the Bible they were Persia and they were known as Persia until 1935. And that Persia is mentioned in several end time prophecies. For example, Ezekiel 38:5 talks about pers uh Persia Kush and Put will be with them and and their shields and their helmet. Now, and and this is describing part of the famous Gog and Magog war prophecy where a confederation of nation comes against Israel in the last days. Now, there's also in the book of Revelation, I think it's over in 17 where it talks about uh Gog and Magog, but that's describing a battle on the other side of the tribulation. But before the tribulation, you're going to see you're going to see uh this Gog and Magog in prophecy where confederations of nations comes against Israel in the last days. Remember, they are going to be persecuted by the beast and he will he will he will spit out of his mouth floods, armies against them. Now, so Persia and Iran is mentioned as one of the aggressors. Now, brother Brandham uses the name Gog and Magog war as a precursor for the final battles before the tribulation which is known as Armageddon. So, this will lead into Armageddon. And he said, will E asked the question, will Ezekiel 38:9 come to pass before the rapture? Now you'll notice Ezekiel 38 and 39 deals with Gog and Magog which is Russia the north country. Now I don't say this is correct but my way of teaching it that it comes to pass after the rapture after the church is taken up and God deals with Gog and Magog when they come down before Israel there and I think that will come to pass after the rapture. So again he identifies it as Russia and he said it's communism gathered together and remember this is part of the seven con continuous visions fascism and Nazism be swallowed up by communism and now communism gathered there God said Gog and Magog there will gather together to bring about the battle that's exactly true because it's going to bring these forces together it has to come the Bible said it would So you know this is happens on this side because there ain't no such thing as a country of Russia when you get on the other side of the millennium. So again it's in Revelation 20 and verse 7-10 you can see after the millennium that in the final rebellion there will be the Gog and Magog that that appears again but before it is this is a precursor. So there are chapters in the Bible that actually describes a massive invasion of Israel by coalition including Iran, Persia, Mog, which is Russia and others. And God supernaturally defends Israel. And and you as you see that that it will happen, you know, in a climatic event where there will be a great earthquake and God will provide a way of escape. So Jeremiah chapter 49 speaks of this. You can write that again again where it from verses 34 through39 that it speaks a judgment against Elum which is now western Iran and um it is it is home to a huge nuclear factory right now today and and so he says in verse 36 I'll bring the four winds from the four corners of the earth and of course you know it will wars is flight from all actions and I will break Elum before their enemies and send a sword after them. So God says he's going to judge them. He said, I will set my throne in Elum and will destroy against the kings and the princes. And so he mentions Iran as a major enemy of Israel in the last day. and he foretells a massive assault on Israel with Persia involved under Russian leadership and promises that God himself will fight for them and supernaturally destroy these armies. So again, it's a precursor to the battle of Armageddon, which is the final conflict which will which will end and and usher in the coming of the Lord in Revelation 19. So right now we are in the fulfillment of prophecy as the stage is now set with all the players on the stage. Amen. Even right now, who is Trump dealing with? He's dealing with the iron curtain, the bamboo curtain, and the iron curtain. The iron curtain and and the purple curtain. He's dealing with all of them right now. That's right. What are we dealing with in this last day? All of these together at this very time, the stage is set. Iran's in its place. Israel's in its place. Here, Russia's in his place. Here, all of these are sitting right there. They're players on the stage. The winds of strife are beginning to blow. The devil is there trying to force you out of your position, but the bride will go to her position in the heavens. She will not lose her position. you will gain the heavenlies. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So there again, brother Brandham begins talking about the end time and he tells us, you know, of his seven continuous visions, he said, I I saw, you know, uh Hitler rise up and and Mussolini and I saw the different ones of fatism and nom Nazism and I saw them unite together and and predicted it all coming to communism. And finally, communism will burn the Vatican City. That's right. Do you know the Bible call says she will burn within an hour that great city? So she will burn. She'll be destroyed with a nuclear explosion. Right. And so you see the animosity, the the strife, the things that are going on, you know, uh you know, picking fights in in the world and and aggravating the great bear of Russia and on and on and on, you know, you you got going on and and winds of strife and coming against Israel and people forming together. All of this is happening. Now watch as we said before the end time, there'll be a woman. There'll be a great ruler of this nation and she'll either be president or something on that order, some great woman. And at that time, automobiles just before the coming of the Lord will be in the shape of an egg. You know, aerodynamics was not even a word back then. It's described in something that has been discovered in this last day. And I want you to see here, you have Tesla that leads the way at the hands-off driving with more than 9 billion miles having been driven with autopilot engaged. I drove to church today with lane assist and the little Honda that I'm driving. And as I did, you know, it was perfectly taking the curves and doing everything. Of course, tells you every few minutes, put your hands back on the steering wheel. But at the same time, we're here. The technology is there. I want you to see it's we listen church. The vision we are in it. You're seeing it all around you. It's time that you really come awake now. So he tells us, "I seen a woman lying vulgar as she was dominated the country and I predict that a woman will either be president or come into some great power some sort in the United States before the total annihilation of the world." Keep in mind I have said it. So you know these these are things that he talked about. I want to just he talks about women and them being out of their place and out of their position. Listen, we talk about women voting. There's nothing wrong with godly women voting. There's nothing wrong. But when you get worldly women who are who who are being who are being led around by their emotions, come on. And we got a whole nation now that has been swayed by the women's vote and everything going over to the women in her voting. She will elect the wrong person. This is how she would get in. He said, "I'm I'm hammering away. You see why I'm hammering away? I got thus sayeth the Lord." And then he says this. Then when these women help elect their own person, then I saw a great woman rise up in the United States well-dressed and beautiful but cruel in her heart. And she will either guide or lead this nation to ruination. And I got in parenthesis perhaps the Catholic Church. Science will progress, especially in the mechanical world. Automotives will continue to get like egg shape. And finally, they will build one that won't need a steering wheel. They got it now. be controlled by some other power. Then I saw the United States as one smolder and burnoff place. It'll be near the end. So where are we? Women given the right to vote elected President Kennedy. with a woman's vote, the wrong man, which will finally be watch to the full control of the Catholic Church in the United States. Then the bomb comes that explos. There's seven things predicted and five of them's already happened. You can judge for yourself how far away we are. We're near the end. If these five things happen, then the other two are bound to happen. It's got to happen. I do not think that our first Catholic president will have much effect. Now, now church, I want to get something. Why does it make a difference? What a difference? Why does it make a difference? Do you realize why our country was even founded? For freedom of religion. They came over here, the pilgrim fathers, to escape the tyranny of Rome. And now the very thing we ran away from and fled here for has now come into power. Amen. That's the reason because let me tell you, as long as Rome is not in power, she is meek and loving and looks moral and kind and oh generous and got St. Jude's Hospital and doing all kinds of good deeds and but you let her get in power. When she gets in power, she's a witch. Yes, she rules with an iron fist. Everything bows to her. I do not think Mr. Kennedy have much effect now because he'll make a wonderful president in order to bring in the others. In order to bring in the others to get the scene set just like they have in England like they did in Mexico, like they did everywhere else. There'll be a powerful woman, remember this is on tape, a powerful woman, great woman. She'll either be president or be a woman representing the Catholic Church, which I think it is, will take over here. Someday she'll rule this country. This nation is a woman's nation. Flag was made by a woman is number 13. She started out with 13 stripes. 13 stars, 13 stripe, 13 colonies, everything. 13 13 right on down. 13's on her silver dollars. Now everything's a 13 is number 13 appears in the 13th chapter of Revelation. Completely 13. Everything's a woman woman right on down. And she's took over all the offices. She's took over Hollywood. She's took over the nation. She's took over the offices. She's took over everything there is. Equal rights with men, votes with men, cousins like a man, drinks like a man, anything else. Just bait for the Catholic Church for the worship of a woman. They're already worshiping a woman. Anyhow, Mary, right? So you see here here the prophet is speaking of this and he says and I predicted and I saw a great woman standing up looking dressed in highly royals like purpose and I got in little parentheses here she's a great ruler in the United States perhaps the Catholic church some a woman some woman I don't know her to be the Catholic church I don't know I can't say only thing I seen I seen the woman that was all this is a woman's nation. This one na nation is number 13 in prophecy. Got 13 stripes, 13 stars turns 13 colonies, 1313. Everything's 13. Appears in the 13th chapter of Revelation, she's 13. She's a woman's nation. So he says, I saw her stand up. And guess what? When we have one elected, look how she gets inaugurated in royal purple. dressed and highly royals, light purple. 1933, this is a woman's nation. Number 13, it appears in the 13th chapter. Everything's a 13. Everything's a woman. Remember, thus sayith the Lord. There will be a woman ruled before the end times. She'll either be president, vice president, or be the Catholic Church as a woman. I've seen her. A great woman the nation bowed to her. It'll be one before the end time. Thus sayeth the Lord. Write it down. Find out you young people. See if it happens. If it isn't, I'm a false prophet. So he saw it how she was dressed and said she would either be president, vice president or it'd be the Catholic Church. Cuz as he looks, he can't tell. Is it the church or is it the woman? What is it? And it turns out it's both a Catholic controlled nation. That's where we are. Let me back up just for a minute. I want to go through some things. You see her in her dress? You know why she chose purple? Because purple is a reference to woman's suffrage, the right to women's votes. So the very symbol of how she got to this position was fortold by the prophet saying the right to women voting would put her in position. And here she would be dressed. And this is the way that she would be dressed. And it would come to represent richness and affluence. And and it would represent the women's suffrage movement and the decadesl long battle for the right to women to vote. This is the very thing that the prophet said would get her in. And here she wears purple to represent that. Now church, we got too many pieces not to see this as part of the vision. We're here. We've arrived. We got the day and it set the stage until now we have coming in a Catholic controlled nation. It is documented now in the Trump administration in his cabinet that it's the most Catholic cabinet in US history. While awarding the cross to President Trump, the Archbishop, I can't pronounce his name. If you can, you're better man than I compared Trump to Constantine the Great, the one who brought them all together. Unity, confederation. What did brother Brandham tell us over and over again that was going to bring about the end time process would be the church's uniting together the the spirit of uniting confederation to joining together look and he compared him to Constantine the great who united church and state together and they actually awarded him award of a cross saying I compare you to Constantine the great and now Six of the nine Supreme Court justices are Roman Catholics. So you got all through his cabinet, even to his spokesman, the woman who who is his press secretary to Mark Marco Rubio to the secretary of state and on and on and on. You got them all just lined up in the cabinet. Roman Catholics filled more than ever before. We have been taken over. That's right. So, well, one day, Brother T. No, we're here. She's sitting right there on the throne today in this country. Remember, just like Ahab did, Jezebel behind him. The Bible calls the Catholic Church Jezebel, prostitute. And Ahab wasn't a bad guy. I don't say Mr. Kennedy isn't a nice man. Know nothing about him. He's a He's a man. That's all I know. He's a president. I believe he'll make a good one. It's not him. It's the system behind him. Wait till she gets wormed into the cabinet and everything where she can. Then watch what happened. And here we are. We have arrived. We're at the time. This United States always been number 13. 13 states, colonies, stars, stripes. Number 13, always a woman. She appears in 13th chapter first the lamb meekness, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, so forth and then received power and spake with all the power of the dragon. We had before him and what was the dragon? Rome. He had a mark in the image of the beast to rise up in the real church. So right out of the United States rises the image to the beast. So now brother Bradom makes this statement and I this is one reason it's going all everywhere. It's gone viral. Everybody's talking about it. But this what this one quote I believe one of these glorious days when this united confederation of church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy then they'll form an image like to the beast and I'll tell you the true church of God will be drove together the real true believers out of Methodist Baptist Presbyterian Pentecostal Nazarene pilgrim holiness whatever they be will go together and cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of Jesus Christ. All believers and agnostics and shallow minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right on into the Confederation of Churches. So, Brother Brandham talks about it. A new pope brought out of the United States. Now, and he said according to prophecy. Now, we already got the prophecy. That's Revelation 13. But we also have the prophecy of the woman rising up in power in America that he always identified as also being the Catholic Church and is already rising up. So here now a new pope rising up you know brought out in the United States and put over there according to prophecy. So even the visions of 33 for foretold this happening. Amen. So now we have this this cardinal is to be leave Pope Leo the 14th. And this is what he said to Chicago. He said, "Let me tell you, thus sayith the Lord, you better repent, Chicago. Your hour is close at hand. Repent. Come believe because there'll come a time that you'll cry for this and it won't be there. You won't receive a real. So there'll be a false one given you. Jesus said, "I come in my own name and you receive me not. Another will come and you will receive him." Remember, I quote its words. It's on tape. It's on record. So, Brother Brandham told because Chicago turned down the real message. You won't receive a real. So, I'll give you a false one. So, not only is he is he coming out of the United States, but coming right out of Chicago, where he prophesied a false one would rise. Now, but I want you to understand what's going to put us in our place. because national force put Israel in her place. She don't even know how she got back there. National force put her there. And he said, "I'm going to say something. National force put Israel in her homeland. National force will put the church in the world council of churches or in this spirit of unity under ecamunism. But the power of God will put the people in the bride. The world forces this way and the world forces that way. But God forces up. The spirit of God, which is the word of God, my word is spirit in life, will put the bride in her place. She'll recognize her position in the word. Then she's in Christ. Will put her in her place. No national force will do it. But national force did drive Israel to the homeland. That national forces of the council of churches will drive every organization in. But the power of God will raise the bride into glory out of it. Hallelujah. Oh, I say, let the power fall. Amen. Let the power come and put you in your position in your place into that heavenly position as a son or daughter of God. Notice this. He's called Leo, which is king. Pope Leo. Now he's beast, Antichrist, false prophet. now beast and given the name of death and hell follows him. Watch now and fully Satan on his throne. Oh my. On the earth he is Satan's representative on the earth that he is now head of the kingdoms of the world. That very kingdoms that he offered to the Lord Jesus in Matthew 4. Satan now becomes full king. That's where the world's headed. Amen. And look at the scripture. And the dragon, now we're summing up Revelation 12. And the dragon was wroth with the woman and went to make war with the remnant of her seed. Now, we already seen her after Israel and persecuting Israel and open her mouth and spitting out water like a flood. But now he turns against the woman, the remnant of her seed. and went to make war with the remnant of her seed which keep the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. Now we know what happens when the bride leaves from here. Then all hell is going to come against not only Israel but everyone who don't take the mark of the beast and his image and don't join it with the system. They will all go under bitter persecution and will make war against them and they will be brutally murdered. I can show you in the Bible they will be martyed and killed but not us. You say the church has to go through the persecution for the perfection of it. The blood of Jesus Christ perfects the bride. A man who chooses his wife, a wife doesn't put her through a lot of punishment. He's already found grace with her. She's found grace with him. He engages to her. And if there's anything, he'll keep for her from every place that I turn her hand. His grace is so great upon them. And so will it be upon the bride, and so is it upon the bride. And I saw the headstone coming down crying, "Grace, grace, amazing grace." Oh, church. He said we should pray always that we escape the things that are coming on the earth and to be accounted worthy to stand before the son of man, Christ now, and let him judge us. Because if we're purged now, we won't go through the purging of the tribulation. Let him cleanse you from all unbelief, from all wickedness. Serve the Lord with all your heart. We're in the last days, little children. every prophecy points to it. Let's stand together. Let the musicians come. Father, we spoke these words today. I just felt Lord just to take a little few moments today day just to to lay it out in the scripture to point it out where modern events are being made clear by the prophecy and we're making clear the modern events that are going on by the prophecies that lay in the scripture and the message that you've given us and realizing Lord the power of God puts people in the bride. Oh God, I pray in the name of Jesus, you'll do a work of grace in the lives and hearts of men and women today. Don't let any of us be left behind. Come for us, Lord. Play that song. Even come Jesus, come. Come take your bride away. Even so, come. Let's just worship the Lord just a moment. That ought to be our cry today. You can prepare for this and prepare for that. And I Hey, I say if you're preparing for home, build it. You're preparing for marriage, get married. If you're preparing for school, we tear it till he comes. But whatever, don't miss this preparation. The bride has made herself ready. Make it where the prayer that comes out of your heart is come Jesus come to you are in line with the last words of the Bible cuz you're the last people even so come Lord [Music] Jesus even so come Lord Jesus Not a day to play games. It's not a day to to be callous and rude. It's a time to realize they can cause your elections to be. If there's anything that needs purging, don't let it stay there. Get purged now. Tribulation will come. There'll be those that are purged in the tribulation. But you can stand before Christ, the word right now, and let him cleanse you. It can purge you and make you white, lost, white as the snow. If there's a lack of dedication in your life, dedicate it right now. Be like Enoch whose name meant dedication. Call upon the name of the Lord. You will be saved. Oh yes with you [Music] my even so. Even so. Come on Jesus. Will you just sing it to him again? I just went through the scripture for you today. I just showed you the vision. Where are you in the vision? Will you be part of those first in the tribulation? Or will you be those elected called in this day to be with you who take your place with the redeemed of all the ages? Are you just in the righteous acts of the saints. Are you prepared to beat the bridegroom? We invite you today to your life. One more time. Even so, follow Jesus. Amen. Even so, you carry your bride away. Amen. How I say long to be with you my soul. So, leave and soul come Lord Jesus come. And I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away. So you give myself I give myself away. Oh I give myself away. for you. Oh my life. Say my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own. Oh, I give myself. Save my life. Oh, my life is not my own. To you. I belong. I give myself. I give myself. Oh, see you one more time. Lord, my life is not my own. You are myself. Give myself to you. I give myself [Music] away. Oh, I give myself away. So you You can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away. So you, oh I give myself away. Yes, I give myself away so you can use me. In your [Music] presence, that's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace. or in the cl of the rock. Yes, in your presence, oh God. It's in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, my Oh, in your [Music] presence. That's where I belong. Seeking your [Music] face. Oh, in the clare. [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, in your presence. So I'll see it again. It's in your presence. That's where I Oh, in your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your presence that's where I belong. Seeking your face touching oh in the clar. [Music] Yes. Lord, your presence in your presence, oh God, and let the storms raise high. The dark clouds rise. They won't worry me. Oh, I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not can heartbe. [Music] Oh, for I'm shed in the arms. Oh, sing that chorus again. Let the storm. Let the storm rage God. The dark clouds rise. They won't worry me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. Oh, he walks with me and not can harm me. [Music] I'm shared in the arms of God. And you're my glory and the lifter of my head. For you're my glory and the lift up of my head. For thou oh you are a shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter. Oh yes you are Lord in your [Music] glory and the lifter of my head. Oh, you're my glory and the lifter of my [Music] head. And for thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. for my glory and the lifter up. Amen. Let's sing that verse with the terror of the enemy. And when the terror of the enemy seems to rise all around me, still I I will not be afraid. Oh, for there is one greater and he's my shield and my [Music] defender. And he'll stand beside me. Oh, to the day. Lord, you're my glory and the lift of my head. Oh, you're my glory and the lifter of my hand. For thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me, my glory and a lifter. For thou [Music] alone, [Applause] thou are a shield for me. Oh my [Music] glory and the liftter of my hand. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Oh, I used to be. Oh, so sad. Now I'm free and glad. Oh Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. And I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm free and land. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my lock and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got a hold of my life. He won't let me go. Jesus got into my heart. Oh my soul. I used to be so sad. But now I'm free and glad. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Sing it again now. Say, Jesus got a hold of my life. He won't let me go. Oh Jesus got into my heart. Oh my soul, I used to be oh so sad, but now I'm free and glad. Oh, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh, the name of the Lord is it's a strong tower. The righteous run into it. They are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Hallelujah. That's why we take on his name because it is a strong tower. It's what we run into and where we are saved. And Amen. And we know that there's no salvation in any other name but the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's why we baptize taken on his name as the scripture said and reign has come. She has repented of her sins. She has asked the Lord into her heart and she wants to take on the name of Jesus Christ and be identified with him and water baptism. As we bury the old life, there she will raise in the newness of life to walk as a child of God, a new creation in Christ. Here she is. She's a young lady. Give her heart to the Lord. Going to be 14 just in a few weeks. The Lord has blessed her now. Blessed her mother with a great Mother's Day with her daughter getting baptized. I think that's wonderful. You know the no greater joy than to have your children walk in truth. Amen. Little sister Rain, just take and hold your hand right here and take your other hand right there and place it. Sister Rain, the Lord Jesus sent me and to the world to preach the gospel. Ordain me to baptize those that believe in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost. So in obedience to that divine command, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. most high bless. Amen. You can just go singing that. God bless you as you're dismissed. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. And the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it. They are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong [Music] tower. The righteous run into it. They are saved. Oh, holy is the name of the Lord. Holy is the name of the Lord. Oh, holy is the name of the Lord. Most [Music] high. Thank you. [Music]
