################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - The Mountain Movers: The Climax of the Harvest - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 15, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   The Mountain Movers: The Climax of the Harvest - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 15, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwySrh3YRYY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Are you ready? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] And for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Thou art worthy, oh thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. Gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. Oh, thou hast all things created. Thou h has created all things and for that pleasure they are created. [Music] Thou art worthy. And there is a fountain filled with blood. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins. And sinners plunge. Oh, beneath that flood. Lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty st. Oh, lose all their guilty stays. And sinners flood. Oh, beneath that flood. Lose all their guil. He sings the dying thief. Oh, rejoice to see that fountain in his name. And there may I violence wash all my sins away. Oh, wash all my sins away. Oh, wash all my sins away. And there may I Oh, the valley sea wash all my sins away. Dear dying lamb, oh thy preious blood shall never lose its power. Oh to all the ransom church of God. Oh, our save to sin no more. Yes, our save to sin no more. Oh to sin no more. Will all the ransom church of God they are saved to sin no more for sins by faith. Oh I saw the strength thy flowing words supplied. Your redeeming love, oh has been my thing and shall be till I rise. Oh, and shall be till I rise. [Music] Oh, and shall be till I rise. Oh, open my feet. Oh, and shall be till. Oh, and shall be till I rise. And shall be till I rise. Oh, and shall be until Oh, I rise. Oh. [Music] Oh. And shall we till arise adoration and praisees fill my soul. Oh hallelujah. [Music] I will be so [Music] I will sing. Oh to the Lord. Yes. Lifting oh my hands. Hallelujah. To the adorations and praises fill my soul. Oh adoration [Music] and praisees feel. Oh fill my soul. Yes Lord. Oh and hallelujah. [Music] I will be stoked. I will sing. I will sing to the Lord. Yes. Lifting my hands. Hallelujah to. We've gathered here on holy ground. Oh, we've gathered here on holy ground. [Music] Angels hovering all around. Stand thou before him. Oh, magnify him. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, to the lamb. [Applause] Adoration. Oh, and praise his feet. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. Oh, I will bestow. I will sing to the Lord. Yes. Lifting my hands hallelujah to the lamb king of kings. Oh king [Music] of kings. Oh and lord of lords. Oh, we come to you in one accord. Holy, holy, holy, holy, lamb of glory. Hallelujah. Oh to the lamb. Oh adoration and praise is filled with. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. I will bestow. I will sing to the Lord. Lifting my hands. Hallelujah. Oh, to all the lamb I will see. I will sing. I'm going to give him praise. Yes, Lord. Lifting my hands. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. and what you came to do this morning is to give him praise, glory, and honor. Let's stand together as we go to him in prayer today. [Music] Amen. We uh want to remember, brother Daryl Baxter in prayer. He had surgery on his feet. Just having some trouble with swelling, a lot of pain from the pressure of the cast. So, want to remember him today. We also want to remember uh Sister Nancy Herring. She's having dizziness this morning. Just needs a touch from the Lord. How many would have a need? Just want to make it known unto the Lord. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer today. Father, we just want to thank you, Lord, for the opportunity once again to come together, Lord, to be in this place, Lord, in your presence, Father. Lord truly Lord this place would be just another room another gathering if it wasn't for you to come and walk among us and be with us. So this morning we invite you Lord and we ask Lord that you'll have preeminence in this service and each part of the the orchestration of it Lord as it would be the songs and the singing Lord the ministering of your word you know each heart that's here you know each need that's represented Lord today we ask Father you'll meet those needs Lord we pray for our brother Daryl today a faithful servant of yours we ask God you'll just come down and touch his body today Lord the doctors can do what they can do. They can take a knife. They can cut. They can mend the best that they their abilities. But Lord, it's you that does the healing. And we ask Lord the healer just come into the room. And Lord, you begin to mend and make it all good and well. We pray for our sister Nancy Lord that you would come and touch her Lord in her dizziness and give her strength in her body. Father, Lord, we just commit this service to you. Everything to be said and done for your glory and for your honor. want to say how much we love you, how much we appreciate you, Lord. Lord, as we remember this is a day set aside for fathers, and most of all, we want to thank you for being our father. Lord, that we could be your children called by your grace and mercy in this hour. Lord, we just ask, Father, you bless each heart that's here today, those that are listening online, bless them as well. We pray in your presence. We ask it in Jesus name for your glory. Amen and amen. Amen. May God bless you today. Do want to uh tell all of our fathers, happy Father's Day. Amen. May God bless you today. We do have an announcement um about vacation Bible school that's coming up beyond the dates from June the 24th through the 27th. Uh they do need some volunteers to help. So you can check the ELT sisters page or or talk to a Sunday school if and see if they can help if you can help in any way. Also want to remind you that the gym would not be available starting today because uh they are be setting up for that uh for the VA vacation Bible school. So amen. God bless you today. Turn around, shake one of those hand. Welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and his presence. I'm one of them. Let's sing that as the brothers take up the offering this morning. They were gathered in the upper room, praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. Piper servants came. Now what he did for them that day will do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere. Hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at Pentecost, cleans that made. It is burning now. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say, "Oh, I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of them." Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. And though these people may not learn to be host of worldly faith, they have all received their Pentecost. Oh yes, Lord. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. God bless you this morning. Be seated. Have a baby dedication. Amen. Ask brother Jeremiah and Sister Cassie to come. Bring them in. Bring them in. [Music] Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Oh my. What a treasure. Amen. My You know what? But a few years ago and you was just that dashing young boy and and Cassie was this such a beautiful young lady growing up here in the church and now their parents my the pages of our lives just turn sometimes so swiftly. But we're so thankful for the that the Lord has been with us in our journey. Through many dangerous toils and snares we've come, but grace has brought us safe far. I'm trying to figure out who it looks like. Mama, I think you you marked him. Amen. I'll tell you what, got that winter's look and what a beautiful baby. Amen. Isn't God good to us? Give us so many blessings. I I think the heritage that is in this child, you know, coming from both parts of the family and from the lay family and the Winter's family. And I think of the, you know, um the the words that the Apostle Paul spoke of Timothy when he said, you know, the faith that was in your grandmother Lois and also in your mother Ununice is also in thee. And I I tell you, you know, I I don't think we can kind of hand it down physically, but I do believe that we can provide an atmosphere where young people can be raised in the admonition of the Lord and and be blessed. And I'll tell you what, we have that opportunity right here. And I want to thank you as a group of people for being a support to young uh families and these little children. And may the Lord's blessings be upon this this child, upon this family from this day and forever more. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Father, we love you and we thank you for this little child, Lord, little Miles Lelay. Father, we thank you what for what you have done for his parents, Lord, and your saving grace. and they made their profession and confession upon you. And it's on that solid rock that they build their faith. Now, Lord, on this Father's Day, we bring this little tribute of your grace, Lord, to you and place it in your arms, Lord, this this precious love gift. Now, Father, may in the name of Jesus, the angel of God, go with this child all the days of its life. And Lord, mercy, and goodness always follow him until he will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Bless him, I pray, with life, health, and strength, and the joy of the Lord be upon this home in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Congratulations. Amen. May God bless you, sis. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Well, I feel like praising praising him. I feel like praising praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising. Oh, let's all praise the Lord. Let's all praise the Lord while we have this chance. Let's all praise the Lord while we have this chance. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. And if you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Oh, if you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Oh yes, Lord Jesus said, I'm so glad. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Well, Satan had me. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelu. I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. [Music] Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. I'm so glad. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad. Oh, he set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. One more time. I'm so glad. Yes, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Amen. This is true. [Music] When all foundations have been shen [Music] when I'm left standing in the dark and all I feel is my heart breaking. You still rain and you're still gone. And when it feels all hope is faded, [Music] the heavy questions hit so hard. And though my soul may feel forsen, you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. In this one truth will be my story. [Music] You still reign in your God. I will declare that you are with me. The voices whisper that you're not. You'll never leave me or forsake me. Cuz you still rain and you're still gone. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. Oh, we'll still reign in your storm. You are good and you are faithful as you have been from the start. You're working in all things for your glory. Cuz you still reign and you're still God. And when my enemies surround me, I'll trust the victory of your cross. And fix my eyes upon you, Jesus. For you are God and I am not. You are good and you are faithful. as you have been from the start. [Music] And working all things for your glory cuz you still reign and you're still [Music] I can't see what's before me. I know that I can trust your heart. [Music] And then your truth will be my story. Then you still reign and you're still God. This one truth will be my story. Oh, you still reign and you're still God. Hallelujah. How many thankful he's still God? Amen. Amen. So thankful for that. That no matter what we're going through, no matter what the situations are, doesn't change who he is. That's that's a lot of courage you can have in that because you get in a lot of tight spots sometimes and sometimes you wonder who you are but that doesn't change who he is. Amen. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are. Oh, because of who you are. Oh, I give you glory because of who? Yes, I give you praise. because of who you are. Oh, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyro, my proider, Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. [Music] Oh my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. And I worship you because of who. All because of who you are. And because of who you are. Yes, Lord, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise because of who. Oh, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Yes, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra. Oh my provider. Yes, Lord. Oh, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. Oh my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are, oh Lord. I worship you. Oh, because of who you are. Jehovah, is he your provider this morning? You are my provider. Oh Lord, you reign in victory over Shalom. You are my prince of peace. And Lord I worship you. Oh because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You're Jehovah Gyra. You are my provider. Jehovah na. Thank you Jesus. You reign in victory. Oh yes, my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. Yes, I worship you because of Sing that again. Because of who you are. And because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you praise because of who you are. Oh, I lift my voice and I worship you. Oh, yes I do, Lord. And I worship you because of who you are. I feel the poor. Oh, I hear the call and I know your spirit is moving me. Oh, I will give my all. He speaks to me. Oh, and I [Music] Oh, Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. I feel the poor. I feel Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I hear you, Lord. I hear the call. And I know his spirit is moving me. Oh, I'm going to give my all. He speaks to me. Oh, and I agree. Oh, Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. At night, I lay in bed. At night, I lay in bed. And I begin to cry. Oh, and my mind just fails to know exactly why. I can't explain with tongue or fear. The spirit's growing deep within. Oh, it must be God here in my soul. For I feel the cold. You feel that tug this morning. Oh, I feel I feel the poor and I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me. Oh, to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the I come to hear the word and with each light. Oh, he is calling me to him a higher praise. Oh, there's a need all to the deep like a great magn. Oh, I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. For I feel the pull. Let's stand together this morning. Oh, I feel the pull. Yes, Lord. Oh, I hear the call and I know his spirit. It's moving me. Oh, I'm going to give my all. He speaks to me. [Music] And I pray, Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that there's a deep calling to the deep that there's something in you that can respond to the great things of God and the blessings of the Lord. We are so blessed, so thankful to God for his goodness to us, his love and his mercies that endure to all generations. Amen. Good to see each one of you that is assembled here. And I see there's several ones that's coming in for Father's Day. And you know, u here to be a part with us today and with your fathers. We want to say we appreciate you being here together with us. If I start calling names, I'll miss somebody or forget somebody. And that'd be awful to stand here and forget your name, wouldn't it? So, I won't even start there. Um, we just want to say we're just glad to have each one of you that is here with us today. And may the presence of God be with you in a real and special way. You know, I I want to wish uh you all you brothers there uh happy father's day and um I thank God for real men, real men that love God and serve him. And we appreciate you. You mean a lot to us and what God has done in your life and the grace that he's shown is just nothing short of a miracle. You're some of the greatest miracles there is. Amen. Just to be a part of the body of Christ and to be called in this hour. I I want to just share something as we as we before we begin the ministry this morning. I want to just give a little tribute myself. Of course, I did have a wonderful natural father that God blessed me with. Did many wonderful things for me, and I thank God for for my parents. But today, I I want to just take an a little different avenue on that from natural fathers. And I want to just read from 1 Corinthians 4:14. He said, "I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons, I warn you. For though you have 10,000 instructors in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers, for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel. Wherefore I beseech you, be followers of me." And as I pause today to reflect on Father's Day, I'm I'm certainly filled with gratitude for the many men of God, my brothers, many of them my friends, personal acquaintances whose instructions I has shaped my life and ministry. Not all of these were even ministers, but just some of you brothers here have just been a blessing, a influence on my life. And over the years, I've gleaned from faithful servants, from godly men whose lives and teachings have truly left an indelible mark on me. And yet, while we have many instructors in Christ, we do not have many spiritual fathers. For me, there's no question as to who my father in the gospel is. I was birthed under the ministry of brother William Brham. his preaching, his life, his manner, everything about his ministry, it left a lasting imprint upon my soul. And from the earliest days of my youth, I witnessed firsthand the supernatural manifestation that followed his calling. And though I've seen others rise and make claims, I've never seen a ministry that even comes close to comparing to it. Not just even in the spiritual gifts which nothing ever came close because it was a vindicated sign but also in the re revelation of the word. I've never met another man or never heard of another man with the intense knowledge of revelation given to him by the Holy Spirit as what brother Brandham was. And brother Brandham was not merely a part of the five-fold ministry. He was more. He was the Elijah to our age, the seventh angel messenger spoken of in Revelation 3 and also Revelation 10:7. And his ministry was not just simply a a demonstration of the nine spiritual gifts, but it was truly the repeat, the return of the very ministry of Jesus Christ to this generation. and it was sent to vindicate the revealed word. For only the word himself is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Most of you know I I grew up here in in the backwoods of Louisiana and without a without a local pastor to call my own. But I thank God that I was birthed under the sound of that end time message. I may not have had an earthly shepherd guiding me from the beginning, but I was begotten by the voice that echoed the very thoughts of God. And on this Father's Day, I want to express my deepest appreciation and reverence for this great man of God, Brother Brham, my father in the gospel. I honor the vessel that God used to bring me to Christ and anchor me in the revealed word of the hour. And we want to say today we our voice could really join with the the many thousands on the other side or millions he said who said if you had not have gone we would not be here. And certainly that's the truth today. And I want to just share a little quote for with from the voice of the sign. And he said, "Now we find out that the these men go out sometimes and people begin to press upon them. Oh brother, what will you say?" See, he goes by impression the way he feels. Why the Lord will do that? Thus sayeth the Lord. That's a lie. See, you can't say thus sayith the Lord until God in his own language has spoke to you and told you that. Then it's not you saying it. It's not your impression. The Bible said if a prophet did that was going on presumptuously that is presuming and to presume is to adventure without authority. He is going up on his own. But when you see the man speaking what's going to happen in the name of the Lord and it happens day in and out, week in and out, month in and out, year in and out. Then you know that came from God. That's God's credentials to the man that he is interpreter of the written word for that day because God sent the man to do it. And of course, that's exactly what we saw in the messenger that God sent us in this day. Let's just bow our heads in thanksgiving. Lord, we want to say thank you today on this Father's Day as we remember and give tribute to these men of God that stand before me today. Many of them now, some of them seniors, some of them maybe just have had their first child. Some are expecting one to come. Some are preparing for marriage or whatever that one day that they will be a father. Lord, they're men, their fathers in training, and we certainly want to give the right examples for them to follow. We want to thank you, Lord, for dedicated young men, Lord. Season old men, God, men that you've raised up in this generation to be a light, oh God, in this evening time. I pray your blessings upon your children today, Lord, as we thank you. We thank you for great men and I could call names of those who have of my brothers that has influenced my life and has left an indelible mark upon me. I want to thank you Lord. I am today made up of those many men, those many sermons and different things that I've heard and Lord things that they imparted to me. I thank you for those gifts. But Lord, we want to thank you Lord for a prophet that you sent in this generation. But Father, when we think about earthly men and even spiritual fathers that had influence upon us that were earthly men, oh God, it all pales to nothing in compared to you. You are our heavenly father and we love you and today we thank you. I can look around this congregation and say, "Brother, sister," because we all come from the same source, the same father. I pray, Lord, your blessings upon each one today. And may you just draw near and accept our worship and our love and adoration to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. So appreciate the Lord. Will you turn with me to Matthew chapter 13:36? I am looking again at this end time scripture as we just explore more about uh what God is doing here in this last day harvest season. And I'm going to be speaking today on on the uh climax of the harvest. And of course, you know, we're going along with our theme of who art thou, oh great mountain, thou shalt become a plain, and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. And and and of course, we are living in a day where a lot of grace has been poured out, the favor of God. And Jesus tells us and and gives us this prophecy and that at the end time there would be a harvest of all that has been planted whether it be the good seed or the seed of the wicked one. So Matthew 13:36 then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house and his disciples came to him saying declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. And he answered and said of them, he that sawth the good seed is the son of man. The field is the world. The good seeds are the children of the kingdom, but the tears of the are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that swed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world. The reapers are the angels. And there as therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of the world. God bless you. Can be seated. Amen. Thank you for your prayers and your support here at the church while I was away. And I appreciate you um you know being prayerful about our meetings there in Ohio. And brother Ron and I ministered there. We had a wonderful time and was a had a gracious host. Our brother Wayne Lawson, brother Ray Ericson was very gracious to us. We want to express our appreciation for that this morning. So, thank you and God bless you. Now, going quickly into the scripture this morning, we we just want to remember that Jesus prophesied of the harvest at the end of the world in Matthew chapter 13. And we are here. And the field is the world, and the good seed are the children of the kingdom. And the harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels. And the son of man swed the seed. He was planting sons and daughters of the kingdom. I don't know if you know it or not, but you you the when that gospel was spread out, it was seeds and and those seeds were um that he was planting would come into fruition as sons and daughters of God. But of course we know that there is an enemy and that enemy swed terrors and they were false seed right along alongside them. And this is actually happened since Eden when two trees were planted side by side. And and this again happened once again just um in the same chapters of Genesis where where two seeds were planted in Eve's womb and grew together until each manifested who they were. And Jesus said he was sewing a seed for a crop and he foresaw that the wicked one would also sew a seed and they would grow together. But now at harvest time, the time of separation, you know, that the wheat and the tears would be would be both be gathered, one to the garner and the other to be burned. And this is what Revelation 14 uh 14 tells us. It says, "Behold, a white cloud upon and upon the cloud once sat like the son of man having upon his head a golden crown and in his hand a sharp sickle for the harvest of the earth is ripe." So we of course know who this son of man is and this is the one with the sickle. It is Jesus Christ. He is the lord of the harvest. You know, you can't have a harvest without the Lord of the harvest commanding it to be. And he has to be here. And and I want you to know he is here. That he is here descending as shown in Revelation chapter 10. And he's clothed with a cloud with an open book in his hand. And he is to he is to reap a bride, a people with the revealed word. And and and let me just assure you this is not just another revival. It's not another religious movement. It's not the rise of a new and different denomination. That's not who we are. Not no not another denomination with its creeds and dogmas. No sir, it's reaping. It is the son of man coming with a sickle and he's cutting mature grain from the field and and there he's gathering his elect from every kindred, nation, tongue, tribe, people and then and and and the wheat is being gathered into the garner and she is a bride, a perfect bride without spout or wrinkle. This is what God promised for this age. So what began 2,000 years ago at the initiating of redemption, you know, at the start of the church ages, what began at Pentecost is a seed now comes to maturity and quickened by the Holy Ghost. And this of course is the bride restored. It's a people who are not just touched by the Holy Spirit, but they have been prepared by the word and filled and sealed and they're ready for the Lord's return. Aren't you glad to be a part of that kind of people this morning? So, yeah, it's harvest time and and the Lord the harvest is here with sickle in his hand and the grain is no longer green. Oh yeah, there was a time we were all green and you know, but we come to a time where it's now a stage of maturity and the grain is golden and glowing in the evening light and being ripened by that light. It's a mature bride with a mature word and they're equipped with every divine promise of God with the gifts of the Holy Spirit, the word in manifestation. And they're filled with wonder working power having both the dynamics and the mechanics. I'm talking about you. I'm talking about who this end time people is. Amen. that they are that kind of people and one that not only just have the mechanics, but they also have the dynamics of the Holy Spirit to go with it. All the while the tears are being burned and and are bound rather and the weed is being gathered and and the same spirit that came down at Pentecost is here once again in power not to plant for another 2,000year cycle of church ages but to gather not to initiate redemption but to finish redemption. You are in the very moment where redemption, all that God has been doing through the cycle of thousands of years from creation is now coming into fulfillment. And and redemption is about to be finished. And for the Gentiles, it's almost over. Amen. It's just about done. Amen. And if you come to Christ today, you're one of the last few ones. You're like the thief on the cross who barely made it in in that old dispensation, right? Amen. So, you're you're right here because we're right on the threshold of the rapture of the church. And that's why this is not the day of Pentecost or the repeat or the return because we are not going to be planted. We are going to uh be as the grain harvested for the rapture. We're not prepare preparing to repeat the cycle because why? This is the end of the world. This time instead of being planted, the children of the kingdom are being harvested and raptured to the marriage supper of the lamb. That's where we are, friends. That's the facts. And the bride is being made ready, prepared, and the called has gone forth. I want you to know, friend, the scripture that we have read this morning or I quoted from Revelation 14 is happening at the moment where the where where it is. So it said, "Thrust in thy sickle and reap for the harvest of the earth is ripe." That's where we are. The sickle is swinging. Amen. The harvest is on and you are a part of that harvest. You are being gathered. Whether you're a tear, you will be bundled to be for the burning or whether you're wheat, you'll be gathered into the garner and the rest left behind will go through the tribulation. Now, so the early church of Pentecost was like a seed of corn that falls in the ground. And what happens first? You know what happens? is the process of life. It sprouts just a a little blade that breaks through the soil and then it grows into the stalk and eventually forms a tossel and and and and but then what does it do? It it finally comes back to its original grain. It comes full circle back to what it was at the beginning. And that's where we are. We have come full circle. Amen. That's exactly what happened with the church. It started with Luther like a sprouting of truth coming out of the darkness and the damp grounds of of the dark ages. And then along along came Wesley and the growing stalk of sanctification becoming the tassel and and then the Isuza street a shuck a stage that was so close to being the grain with its outpouring of gifts and supernatural workings of the spirit. But now friends we are seeing the church come back to its original grain. That's where we are. Back to its original glory. Back to the very life, the power, and the nature that it had at the beginning. That's the hour that we're in. You see, it is as the sun that rose in the east, in Jerusalem, is now shining in the west, manifesting the same life, the same works, and the same word. And let me tell you, when it leaves us, it's going back east again. and the gospel had turned to the Jews. But you see, it's been a journey of transformation from the darkness of paganism to the light in Luther and from Luther to Wesley and from Wesley to Isuza Street and from Isuza Street to now the original Pentecost. Did you hear me? The original Pentecost. We're still climbing. Amen. We are still changing from glory to glory, unveiling the hidden mana, the life of Christ, buried through the ages, and now coming to full ripeness. That's the hour we're in. And now the church is ripe. Oh, I hope you understand the seed is mature. And we've held it in our hearts a long time, friends, and we've waited for this hour. But we are in the time of climax. We're in the finishing cycle. The ministry of Jesus Christ is now once again being reproduced in his body. And let me tell you who it is. It's the same Jesus with the same power with the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost is right here again doing the same works and moving in the same spirit and speaking the same word, not a different word. But the original word restored back again. We have made the cycle. We have turned the corner. We have come back to Paul's gospel. We have come back to unadulterated word of God. Pure unadulterated word without a creed or a dogma in it. This is where we'll return. And I tell you, it's not a different religion. It's not a new message. It's not different from what Paul taught. It's not the rise of another denomination. It's the original seed restored, the same baptism of the Holy Ghost, the same signs, the same wonders, the same fire, the same power, the same pillar of fire. You say, "Brother Tim, are you claiming to have the same angel of God, uh the same pillar of fire that was with the prophet of God?" I am. Why am I? Because that was none other than the Lord Jesus Christ in spirit form. and he's here today manifesting himself in the church. Amen. Don't get upset when we declare that. We're not trying to impersonate. Neither are we trying to be the prophet of God. But we are saying the same angel, the same Holy Ghost, the same power of God, the same Holy Spirit that was there is here now and manifesting himself in bride form. That's who we are and that's what God is doing. We're the same kind of believers living and walking and testifying under that same anointing. You are the apostles of this age. What do you mean apostles? One cent. We're called and we're not going backwards. We're going from glory to glory. Amen. because he said, you know, when you look into the mirror of the word and you are changed from glory to glory, this mirror is is um, you know, is a whole different mirror from even any kind of fairy tale mirror. Amen. Because when you look at this one, you know, you you we usually look at a mirror, it's pretty honest. It shows all the gray. It shows all the wrinkles. It shows all the age. It shows all the blemishes. A mirror is pretty honest. But I want to tell you when this one, this is an honest mirror, too. But it's not reflecting what you think. When you look in this mirror, it is not telling as how you are, but what God saw of you before the foundation of the world. When you look in this mirror, you see a perfect image of what you are supposed to be. And you are being changed as you gaze upon the word. As you look to the light of the pillar of fire, you are being changed from glory to glory until you match this mirror the word. So don't look at it and just see your blemishes. See that I'm without spot or wrinkle or blemish or any such thing. that I know the thoughts that I think towards you that they are a peace and not of evil. Amen. To give you an expected end. And what is our expected end? Brother Brandham tells us in desperation back to Pentecost again, back to the original seed. So we're not going backwards. We're going from glory to glory. And what is the next glory? What is the next change? You know, you know, if you would even look in the 1964 question and answers and brother Bannon would talk, what is next? What is next? Everybody was wondering what is next? What's going to be next? What is going to be next? He said the only thing I see is the coming of the Lord Jesus. So, what is next? His coming and he's appearing now. Where is he appearing? In bride form in a body called the bride. He'll be a matchpiece to his own glory. Amen. Are you with me? So what is the next glory? The next shame will be the final one which where the body is transformed. When this mortal puts on immortality when we are changed in a moment in a twinkling of an eye into body like his own glorious body and we see him as he is. Can you imagine that? Keep looking at the mirror. Listen church. You're looking at the world sometimes and you're comparing yourself with them. You look at other Christians and you're comparing yourself with them and it and and that isn't even wise. That's right. Look into the word and compare yourself with the word. But I fall short, brother Tim, when I look in it. Listen, when you keep gazing on it, you became changed from glory to glory until finally you're going to step into that final glory. Hallelujah. A a a a immortal body. Amen. A changed in a moment, twinkling of an eye. A body like his own glorious body. But here we are. We come down to the final separation. I don't know if you notice harvest time is where things are separated. There's a separation goes on not only from the tears but the very planting of the wheat. The grain gets separated from the chaff, from the tassel, from the stall, from all the other parts. And it's only the grain that's harvested. So from the very first church age to now, the wheat and the tears have grown together side by side in the same field. It's it's almost like the two trees in the garden. The the tree of knowledge and of good and evil is standing by the side of the tree of life. And here in the end time, you see the fruits of that all coming into fruition where that the wheat and the tears have grown side by side. And the Bible said in Matthew 13:30, "Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of harvest, I will say to the reapers, gather you first the tears, and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn." So now the harvest is upon us. Amen. The separation has begun. The spirit that was sown at Nya, the spirit of compromise, hierarchy, ecclesiastical dominion has all come now to maturity. And what the councils and creeds of man began in in shadow is now it's now coming to a bitter fruit in open rebellion against truth. I want you to understand that's exactly the hour that we are living in where you will see an open rebellion against the word of God. Whether it be Christian or secular is an open rebellion. And with the full weight of political power and unity of the apostate church, the false vine is rising now with boldness to and the whole desire of Satan is to extinguish the last flicker of true light. As we preached just a few Sundays ago, you know, where where we said hurt not the oil and wine. And that was that was said from the lamb himself because that's exactly what the enemy wants to do. He wants to take away the the the the wine of the of revelation, the stimulation of revelation. He wants to take the praise out of the church. He wants to take worship out of the church. He wants to take the power of God out of the church. He wants to remove the supernatural from the church. So, he'll do everything he can to demonize it and minimize it. You can hardly hear the supernatural talked about without somebody trying to demonize it and say, "Oh, you know, you remember you remember you know it'll be so close. It'll be so close. It'll deceive the elect. Oh, it'll be so it'll be so close. It it'll it'll be you know those many will come to me in that day and say, "Lord, Lord, have we not cast out devils in thy name? Have we not spoken tongues?" You know what the the whole purpose of doing it is to try to minimize the power of God. The moment that the Holy Spirit begins to move because Satan hates the wine of revelation. That's right. It enlightens the eyes and opens us to truth. But the Bible tells you that the world today is going to be together under one union. The Bible said these have one mind and they give their power and strength unto the beast. And you see it, you see men doing it. You see women doing it. You see nations doing it. All of them given having one mind and give their power and strength to the beast. Now friends, we are also to have one mind. Let the mind that was in Christ be in you. Come on. Amen. And we are also to give our power and strength unto him. But you see, it's two vines that are coming together in the harvest in this last day. And a separation is being made. And you're going to find yourself on one side of the other, God help us to be on the right side. So yeah, just as a false church will rises to stamp out the remnant. And let me tell you, pressures are coming like you've never seen. But I want you to understand, suddenly the wheat will be gathered into the garner. The true bride is taken and the rapture will remove her from the scene. And no longer will the tears benefit from the presence of the righteous. No longer will the blessings linger because of the intercession of the bride for she'll be gone. She'll be taken up to meet her Lord in the air. You say, "Brother Tim, intercession of the bride." Do you know, brother Bradam even mentioned that? And he said the very thing he said you don't realize some of you little sisters that they call old-fashioned you little holiness women. He said just as the moon holds back the tides of the ocean and they can only go so far. He said even little godly women like you are holding off the wrath of God off the earth right now. Think of that. Amen. So you see, we have been in the cycle, you know, where everybody's blessed because we're blessed. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. Your communities are blessed because of you. Your your state is blessed because of you. Your nation is blessed because of you. But one day you're going to be gone. Amen. One day you're going to be gone. And no longer will the blessings of God linger upon the earth. And that's when the Bible said, "He that is filthy be filthy still. And he that is holy be holy still. He that is righteous and be righteous still." And after that, not another Gentile saved. So, we are not as as we taught a few Sundays ago about the the the dispensation of the Gentiles coming in and that mystery that the Jews, the Jewish believers at that time did not even know and they didn't even realize that the Gentiles were going to be a part of the of the of the economy of God. Oh my goodness, they would have never believed that we would be the bride of Jesus Christ. No sir, they were always had been the chosen people. But this this was a mystery that had been hidden from the ages but is revealed. And now we have come down to where that mystery has taken on flesh form. And now there is a bride here upon the earth. There's a people for his name's sake. There are people who have taken on his name in baptism. They have taken on his name in action. They know who their father is. They know where they are from and they know where they're going. There are people who have been called in this generation. So notice as I said because when when the bride leaves from here, what follows is the wrath of God will be poured out under the sixth seal. Judgment upon the earth as foretold in Revelation 6:12. when men cry for the rocks and the mountains to fall on them to hide them from the face of him that siteth on the throne and from the wrath of the lamb. So this is where we are in time. It's like um the Israel and and you know because Israel and I refer to them because they are our spiritual counterpart. what they are physically in the land and a physical seed and a physical people. We are a spiritual people and a spiritual land and spirit with spiritual promises and like Israel and the Israeli prime minister Benjamin not Netanyahu just named the recent military operation against Iran operation rising lion. You see it's the time of judgment. It is the pouring out of the wrath against the Iranian regime that has vowed to wipe Israel off of the face of the earth. And I want you to understand that's exactly what the devil has for you. He wants to completely wipe us out. But he can't. There's a word that's against him. No, we're not going to be wiped out. We're going to be taken out. That's exactly right. And so again, you know, they they're rising. Oh, I my heart just beat within me as they said the rising the operating rising lion. And I'm thinking, "Oh, God, there's a lion about to rise up. The lion of Judah, hallelujah. And I tell you what, he's going to be king over the earth. His bride will rule with him." Amen. And and I tell you, as he rises there to take his throne, to take the earth back from Satan's dominion, I tell you, we're in an hour. We're in a wonderful hour, church. We're in the hour that everybody else has dreamed about, long for, prayed about, cried, even say, "Even so, come Lord Jesus." And you are now in the cycle of his coming. That name was inspired by biblical verse from the from the book of numbers which states, "Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion." The name rise and lion is intended to symbolize Israel's strength, her determination, her resolve to defend itself against all threats. And the same spirits that are determined to wipe Israel off the face of the earth is the same spirit against the bride to take the life out of you to kill you dead. Dead dead to move the Holy Spirit out of your life. But I'm telling you, there ought to be some lions rise up, men and women with that's anointed in this day and hour to rule with him as kings and priests. Amen. rising up and and and realize they will not wipe us out and they will not take away our glory and they will not remove the power of God from us and they will not take the shadow of the king out of our midst and they will not take the miracles and the signs and the wonders of his presence. They cannot do it. Satan cannot stop it. There is something already been released that the devil cannot put back into the box. The seals are open. The word is revealed. And once that word has been released, it cannot return unto him void. It has to accomplish what he sent it to do. The same spirit is determined to wipe Israel off the face of the earth is the same spirit against the bride. But it comes against us in a phys rather than a physical manner. It's an ecclesiastical attack to shut down the supernatural to remove us from the homeland of the Bible. And don't forget our lamb is also a lion. Amen. Remember, remember he said, "Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed." And he looked and he saw a lamb. I'm so glad when I look on him. I don't see an angry king. I don't see a roaring lion. Oh yeah. My my the bride's husband, let me tell you. See, he's a lion against his enemies. He is a lion against sin. He roars. He roars with fierceness about the evil that is going on in the world. Are you with me? But I want you to know when I look at him, I don't see him as a lion. He's a gentle lamb. He's the lamb of God slain for me. He provided redemption for me. He poured his love upon me. And his bride is his pleasure. She's his delight. She is his glory. So don't forget our lamb is a lion. Revelation 10 uh Revelation 10 shows us even this one that sat on the throne. This one that rose up to take the book. The lion of the tribe of Judah has risen to take possession of title and it's handed it to the bride. It establishes the bride as the owner of the title deed to every divine promise. And I want to say again, the lion is rising. Behold, a people shall rise up as a great lion and lift himself up as a young lion. He shall not lie down until he eat of the prey and drink the blood of the slain. What is this declaring? We shall be victorious over every one of our enemies. You say, "Brother Tim, I I'm struggling. I I I've been beset. And I I'm I'm having I'm in a battle. I'm telling you, rise up, lion. Amen. There's a lion inside of you. You are anointed to overthrow and to tear down Satan's kingdom. For I give you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and every evil thing. And nothing shall by any means harm you. Somebody help me preach. Now, that's the word of God to you this morning. He gives you that anointing to put your foot on your enemy. So let me tell you, let the lion roar. You know what a lion's roar is? Is a prophetic message. And you have been given a voice, a prophetic message. And let may let his message be proclaimed there. Let us eat of the prey. Let us taste of sweet victory. Let us see the power of God exhibit its power over everything over cancer, over disease, over sin, over sickness. Let me tell you, this lion can rise up and and set you free from years and years and years of bondage. You look around this people. You may be a visitor here this morning. You look around and you see a bunch of people that you think are holy people and and great people and and pristine Christian people. I want you to know we all had our past. Amen. We all had our past. We all lived as slaves. We all were in bondage. We all sinned and fall fell short of the glory of God. But I want you to know, friends, there was a change that took place. And we're no longer the same. We are no longer a slave to sin. Hallelujah. We have been redeemed. And I'll tell you what, we will not be annihilated. And we will not be just another movement that goes down in defeat. We will rise because we have the lion's message. So let it roar. I tell you what, let it roar against depression. Let it roar and defeat suicidal spirits. Let it take its head off of sickness, over disease, over sin of every kind. Let the lion roar. Let the message of God be proclaimed. Let it say, "Let my people go." Rise up lion, thrust in thy sickle. The time is now. Reap the harvest. You see, the false church has now reaped her full ripeness. She is similar to that mustard seed of Matthew chapter 13 verse 31 that grew unnaturally into a great tree where the fowls of the air unclean spirits have made their nest. She is the habitation of devils, the hold of every foul spirit. Her head is the antichrist, the mystery of iniquity and already at work from Paul's day, but now revealed in his fullness, exposed by the Holy Spirit. Amen. You know, the Bible the Bible speaks of it of that man of sin that would be there sitting in the temple of God, worshiped as God, a false religion, a false Christ under the mask of Christianity. But let me tell you, it tells us in the last day that that wicked one would be revealed. He would be exposed. And that's a whole deal of this message. You wonder why in the world was the seven seals which would reveal Christ with talk so much about the antichrist because it was exposing the false vine. It was exposing the false Christ. And if so it could you could see the real Christ. It was taking the mask off of Satan. It was taking the mask off a false religion. It was revealing Christ to a people in this last day. So at this is true of the false vine, then how much more must the be true of the true vine? If the tears have matured, so must the wheat. If the false started from a small beginning, so have we. Come on. Amen. The church started with a small mustard seed of faith and she has now grown into a great tree. The bright tree is restored. Come on. Amen. I I I can't I can't help it. What you see yourself, I can't help it. The spiritual climate of many churches today. I can't help none of that. I want to declare one once again what I believe and I believe the bride has been restored. Amen. The bride tree with all the gifts of the spirit with all the power of God with the clapping of the hands with the worship under God with the shout of the king. It's all been restored. Every bit of it. She's a restored tree and she's a grown into a great tree and the lights are shining in the top of the tree and her fruits are ripe and ready for harvest. It's harvest time. It's going home time. It's time where we're seeing the flashing red lights of the sign of his coming. And it's time that you throw down your bag of worldly peanuts and get on the train. You see, because all the pursuits of life is all peanuts. If you miss that rapture, it's all peanuts. Even if you're a billionaire, what would it do if you gain the whole world and lose your own soul? Why be complacent in this hour? Why be lukewarm concerning the truth? You see, again, her identity is becoming clear. She is now the bride, the grain she was at Pentecost. Her nature is refined. She's exactly like Christ. Her fruit is unmistakable. For she, the bride tree, is bringing forth mature fruit for this hour. And just as Jesus said, "The works that I do shall you do also, and greater works than these shall you do." So does the bride here in this final hour in this final move with the same spirit the same word manifesting the same power and the headstone that we quoted about is coming down and descending upon us already that you know the the spiritual phase of it has come the word coming it's the head it's the headstone amen has come down with with and united with the body. And we become one with the word. And it says over and over and over again, if every time you read it, favor upon favor upon favor and grace upon grace upon grace. It's rapturing grace. But friends, one day the literal and final headstone will come and that's Jesus Christ. And and Zechariah said, "He shall bring forth the headstone with shoutings, crying, shouting, grace, grace, and you're against shouting, and you ridicule us for shouting, and you poke and prodded us for shouting, we got something to shout about." Hallelujah. Amen. Because we have the headstone has come down upon us and it is telling us favor upon favor upon favor and grace upon grace upon grace. Hallelujah. And it gives us something to shout about. We're not just making noise. No, we've got the word back in power again. And it heals our sick. It saves our young. It Oh, it delivers the everyone from sin, from unbelief, from the power of darkness. That's what it does. And it gives it I tell you what, when I go to thinking about it, it makes me want to shout. It wants me to behave unseemingly as if I got into wine, new wine. I want you to look around and I want you to understand that as Eve was taken to the side of Adam and brought back to him, so shall the bride be united with Christ as bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh and word of his word and spirit of his spirit. Just take a look around for a moment. These things are no longer future tense. I think we ought to kind of have a little checkup this morning. Look around real good. The signs are visible everywhere. Look at Israel, not just in her homeland, but now a powerful army. Amen. I'm not going to call her invincible because we're the invincible army. But she's a powerful army. I want you to open your eyes and see Russia, the king of the north, expanding its borders. I want you to look and listen to our president crying peace, peace, and making deals through commerce and controlling nations through commerce. I want you to look at scientific advancements and driverless cars and artificial intelligence. The tree of knowledge has reached its height. I want you to look at the moral decay. Open your eyes. Amen. Let the Isab of the word, you know, wash out the smoke of that pit spoke of in Revelation chapter nine where the the hell was opened and all these demon powers rise up out of the pit as smoke that permeates every bit every fabric of society. You ever have a fire in your house? You ladies even burn the beans. You got to wash all the clothes. You got to pull the curtains down. You got to wash them all. It gets into everything. You smell like burnt beans. I won't say you look that way, but you smell that way. And you know, again, you know why? Because it permeates, it saturates everything. It saturates all of society. Families are not what they used to be. Fathers don't even know how to behave. They don't know how to be real men. I look around and as I I I can't help but notice young boys in their pink panties shorts walking around, you know, in their shorts, two or three necklaces wrapped around their neck and a big bracelet on and all of this other stuff. And I said, "Boys don't know how to be men. No wonder we got a a mess in the world when men don't know how to be fathers. They don't know how to be masculine. And I'm not talking about chauvinist. I'm talking about masculine. I'm talking about men with backbone, men with leadership, men with heaven's guidance, men who are molded on their knees, men who have been through the trials and tribulation and have come out victorious, men who are soldiers, men who are overcomers, men who rise above above the the nonsense of this world. Men need to be men. We need some real fathers. I want to say I'm thankful for Evening Light Tabernacle. I'm thankful for real fathers. Real men who know how to be men, how to lead their families, how to guide them in prayer, how to have family devotion, how to bring them to church. They have the same custom that Jesus did. Jesus had this custom that on the Sabbath day he went to the synagogue as was his custom. Men, that's part of their fabric. But I want you to look at the moral decay. I want you to open your eyes. Let the Isab of the word just watch the smoke of hell that is causing a blinding delusion. And I want you to realize, you know, as I said, the moral decay, the uh where marriage is set aside and and even if there is marriage, you know, they want to try to they want to try to um disgrace it until it's it's same-sex marriages and every other kind of thing. It loses its meaning. and fiance where that used to mean I'm engaged. You know, I have plans to be married and you know, we have a oh it it's a it's something we're waiting for those that sacred vow and we're looking forward to that and we're expecting that and and we're living holy while we're we're expecting that now becomes a loose term. It's just somebody I'm shacking with. You see, the world will tell you that's okay because it's smoke has blinded the eyes. It is the smoke of hell. But I want you to know there's a remedy for it. I want you to know there is a remedy provided for this last age. In Revelation chapter 3, he said, "Buy of me is you blind that Leo to see and blinded, blinded by your own desire to do your own thing, having a delusion that you're going to heaven, living the way you are, and you're not. You're on your way to hell." And there is a hell. But there is an eyes out that'll wash that out of your eyes. That'll change your thinking. It'll change the way you see things. It'll change your perception. Somebody say amen. Amen. So the tires are being bundled. It's true. The ecumenical movement is real. Oh, brother D, I don't see a physical manifestation. Listen, it's a spirit and it's all it's prevalent everywhere. Maybe it hasn't really exercised its muscles through the through a world council of churches or or something like that. Maybe it hadn't and yet, you know, get it has got its power, but it will. But right now, the spirit of it is prevalent everywhere, demanding that you conform to their thinking. The harlot daughters are returning to their mother as in Revelation 17:5. The religious system of this world, they're preparing for their final act of betrayal. You may ask me today, what is ecumenism? The religious ecumenical movement is a widespread influential trend in modern Christianity that seeks to promote unity among different Christian denominations and increasingly interfaith cooperation. And that sounds very noble. You know, on the surface that's very noble. Let's all just get along. This has all come together where you know whether you're Muslim, whether you're Buddha, whether you're you're Christian, whether you're Catholic, whether you're Protestant, whether you believe this or you don't believe, you're all going to the same place. You may be. You may well be. But I'm not going where you're going. I've got a different destiny. Are you with me? So it sounds noble on the surface prevailing thought behind the movement you know is noble thought but it's actually is binding the tears and I want you to understand you know you're looking for a physical binding of the tears and you're you're looking for a time where listen when it becomes the physical mark of the beast the bride is already gone it don't become literal yet it's all spiritual. And right now there is a spiritual gathering and a spiritual binding of the tears. And it's under the the spirit that's binding them together is ecummunism. It's lukewarmness. You'll get it. Ecummunism is lukewarmness with a fancy name. It is the cord that be binds the tears together. So you see it bring they want to they want to have unity over doctrine. So it's the idea of let us just focus on what unites us not what divides us. And there's a intentional deemphasis of of doctrinal truth like baptism, godhead, holiness, salvation in favor of promoting fellowship and cooperation. So you see it's it's a deal where you deemphasize this and emphasize what unites us. peace and tolerance and reconciliation. Why in the world are you seeing all of this, you know, that is going on here in America today, you know, speaking of peace and tolerance and reconciliation and, you know, oh, it's all under the cloud of of the guise of the shadow of being good. And the ecumenical movement appeals to modern ideas of of inclusion, of non-judgmentalism and coexistence. You know, for the sake of peace and getting along, it tolerates sin. It's the pale horse beginning its ride and death follows. You know, pale is a a color of that fourth horse rider spoke of in the book of Revelation. And you know, you have one white and one red and one black. And this one pale is needle red and it's not white and it's not black. In fact, it's not even a definable color. It's actually a combination or amalgamation or of all of these others combined into one. And so it is already beginning is right. We're right here on the threshold where the gun will go off at the rapture and the horse will be let out of the gate. And when he rides, hell follows him. hell will literally come on the earth. So right now it spirit is already going out and is already influenced. I I want you to remember right now we're still in the part of the black horse riding. Honestly, that's the truth. The black horse is that which that you know wants to wants to control the bread of life. It's a If it's what the spirit calls on said, don't hurt the oil and the wine. We're still living in that time. The fourth horse rider has not began its ride. It will not ride until the the rapture when the bride goes, as I said, the gun goes off. It'll be released from the gate. It will start its final ride. But already we can feel its hot breath. We can see its influence. It's already here because it's already ridden in all these other forms. And now it is changing to its pale form. And truth in this day is being compromised for the sake of unity. And the scripture warns against fellowship with era because he said, "How can two walk together except to be agreed?" It says in Amos 3 and 3, uh, you know, that's what it said in Amos 3:3, but in in 2 Corinthians 6:17, it says, "Come out from among them, and be you separate. You see, it's an hour of separation. You see, it it's a false scene of peace. Oh, that is being exalted over purity. When Jesus said, "I didn't come to bring peace, but I come to bring a sword." What is that sword for, brother Tim? That sounds harsh. I mean, are we going to go out and start killing anybody don't believe us? That's not what we're talking about. That's not Christianity. Jesus said he did not come to bring peace but a sword. And that sword is to divide truth from error. But you see, ecummunism dulls that sword. I'm telling you what's binding. Now again, prophetically, it aligns with the harlot system of Revelation 17. The mother of harlots is a picture of the vault church system riding the beast political power, uniting for global influence. And the the this end time religious unity backed by political pressure prepares the world to receive the Antichrist, not Jesus Christ. And Jesus and the apostles, they never called for unity with the world. that turns a blind eye to sin, but rather a unity with the spirit. And he said, "Sanctify them or separate them." Separate sin. Sanctify means cleanse. Separate them from the dirt. Sanctify them through that truth. Thy word is truth. Brother, I'm glad that this gospel didn't come to save me in my sins. It came to save me from my sins. Amen. You're not a saved person if you're still out in sin. You You There is no such a thing as a saved sinner. Come on, church. We're not saved sinners. We are sons and daughters of God washed by the blood of Jesus Christ. We might have once been a sinner, but that was not our urgent. Our urgent came from God, and now we are going back to God. Our destiny is not just to continue being a sin sinner, but we are overcomers by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony. There is one body and one spirit. One Lord, one faith, one baptism. One true biblical unity comes through revelation. Not by joining hands with the ideas of men. The true Bible is not ecomunical. Is called out. You have been called out. Remember, remember before e Egypt could could be completely judged, God had to call out an elect, a separated people who walk in the light of the word. Ecommunism when embraced as as a spiritual mindset rather than just a movement, it has a deep and subtle effect on how people think, how they believe, and how they behave in everyday life. And on one side it it claims to promote peace and unity and tolerance, but that's just on the suffer the surface. The underlying influence gradually erodess a believer's discernment, his conviction, his obedience to God's word. It takes you away from the standard, the absolute, the Bible. Somebody with me? I want you to know God has a standard. Let's get it clear what God's going to judge the world by. He will not judge it by you or me. We are not the standard. Eden like tabernacle is not the standard. Denominations is not the standard. There is one standard and that's God's word. Amen. Are you with me? This is our absolute. The Bible, the word of God. It is our absolute. And he said, "Don't you be conformed to the way the world thinks, but be you transformed how? By the renewing of your mind." You got to have a different mind than the rest of the world. A man who doesn't have a different mind and a different thinking when he is saved is not saved. He's still lost. Because when you're saved, you're saved from the world's thinking, from Satan's lies. You're established on truth. So people start thinking, "Well, all churches are basically the same. Everybody's going to heaven. It's doctrine. It just divides. You know, what matters is love." So then, you know what they do? They stop studying. They stop testing things by the scripture. They start just settling for a shallow version of faith. That's what happens. And they become very shallow in their walk. And people begin to reshape sin as a personal preference. That's all it is. It's just your preference. It's not sin. What's right for you is right for you. What's wrong for you is wrong for you. What's right for me is right for me. And what's right for me, you see, for God understands my heart and everybody's journey is different and result is we tolerate or we endorse sin instead of confronting it. And the Bible said in in Isaiah 5:20, "Woe to them that call evil good and good evil." And that's the way it will be in this last day. And and what happens is is then we start viewing the scripture through the lens of culture. Oh yeah. and and we will avoid controversial truths like judgment, hell, holiness, gender roles, dress and we'll start avoiding that and we'll reinterpret scripture to fit modern values rather than eternal truths. That's accumunism. This is what binding them and making them all as one. They will all have one mind and give themselves to the beast. So, we have a world today that their personal conviction has been weakened. That they no longer stand firm on on on the truth of God's Bible. They become passive Christians going with the flow rather than standing in the gap. Is somebody with me this morning? I I you know, I I don't understand, you know, sometimes a lot about this, but let me just make it clear. We are to henceforth be no more children toss to and fro with every wind of doctrine. We got to stand for something or we'll fall for anything. And when a church loses its passion. Amen. Brothers, that's what I keep trying to to drill into to those around the world. You know, listen, you got to have a passion with this. Yeah, but but our church just isn't in that atmosphere. Well, get it. It's available. It's made. Come on. It's made a way. The word of God preached ought to prod produce faith. And faith will produce an atmosphere. An atmosphere will bring results and souls will be saved. And the Holy Spirit will be will preach the word in power and people will be delivered and set free from sin's bondage. Well, brother Tim, our church don't have the passion like you. And you know, listen, we're not at the example, and we're not trying to be your example, but I'm just going to tell you, there is a word that is an example. And I can take you to the upper room where the Holy Ghost fell that time. It gave them a boldness and a passion and a drive. And they got drunk on that new wine. And they were influenced by the mighty angel. And if you're not influenced by this mighty angel and your attitude and your atmosphere change, there's something wrong with you. You're being bound. You see, then it gets what was once seen as worldly is not as seen as harmless. entertainment, dress, habits, speech, it all becomes indistinguishable from the world. The line between the holy and profane is blurred, erased alto together. And we got a scripture that says, "Come out from among them and be you separate." God's people are being separated. That's what a harvest is. Amen. It's it's binding you. It's, you know, if you're terror, it's pulling you into garner. If you're the wheat, it's rapturing you up. It's lifting you up. Listen, there's a rapture already going on. Amen. I don't mean a physical one. I don't mean where your body has changed, but already inside of you. You have been changed. A resurrection is already happened in you. You were once dead in sins and trespasses, but now you are alive. You were once in tombs of religion. Come on, somebody. Amen. You were in tombs of denominations, but no more. Come on, somebody. That marquee ain't over your door any longer. You're not sitting under that tombstone. That's not who you are. You're not dead, but you're alive. So the idea comes that all roads lead to God. Now listen to me said the idea comes it don't really make any difference. Everybody's everyone's truth is valid. So nobody has to repent. No one has to hear God's voice. No one has to study to rightly divide the word of God. And instead, faith becomes a social identity rather than a spiritual reality. Brother George Weldon from over in South Africa, he's an elder friend of mine. He's in his 80s. Precious man. He's been a pen pal of mine for many, many years. We've shared many, many things together. The other day, he sent me an NDE. You know what that is? Is a near-death experience. And it was a YouTube where this Christian lady woman always going to church even took notes. Maybe even sub for the Sunday school, you know, was there on a regular basis. Thought she was a pretty good Christian. One night she was in a horrible accident. They couldn't get a heartbeat. And for some hours she was dead. Instead of going to heaven like she thought she went to hell. Why am I going to hell? How come heaven ain't for me? I was I was a Christian. because you were a lukewarm Christian. You occupied a pew rather than worshiped in the spirit. You took the word and read it because it was what you supposed to do rather than a drive and a hunger and a desire. I wonder if how many if they were wound up being called what what would really be their destiny? It's serious because harvest time is a separation but also when you die it's a separation and you're not dead. You're alive somewhere. There has been far too many and even we have the examples of the prophet of God going beyond the curtain of time that that tells us that there is a life beyond the river and Jesus was the proof of the resurrection that there's life after death. And so if you if you think about all of this, you know, again, you know, where would you be? Where you know, well, if it's if you question that, where would you be when the trumpet sounds? Because when we move from this phase that we're in, we have had to shout, which is a mighty message. We have now changed from that glorian to another where we're in the voice of the archangel. That archangel of Revelation 10 hands us a book and we prophesy again. We are the voice of that message. We're the voice of those that have been in, you know, in the dead, you know, from We are We're the voice of those that have risen from the dead in the tombs of denominationalism. Think about where we're at. Think about what where where we're at. We're on the very cusp of the rapture and the next phase is the Trump. Do you know what happens at the last trump? Not Donald Trump. Do you know what happens at the la last trump? The trump of God shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first. So the trump calls the dead from the grave. Come on. Actually, it it crescendos so much in the bride as the bride's voice until it actually becomes the trump and it caused the dead in Christ to come forward and those in theophony to come and take on glorified form, taking up their bodies that they laid down here on the earth and be united together with it and change it in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. And when we see it, we're changed to be with them like them. And do you realize when that last trump sounds then we will be caught up to meet him. And if you read the book of Revelation, the last trump says something. It's not just a It's not playing taps. It's not the end of it's not the end. It's a new beginning. And let me tell you that Trump is actually has a voice and that voice is saying something. And he says at the end of the leodyian age, the door was opened. An entrance was made into heaven. And that's what this message does. It provides a way in. And when the door is open, I heard a voice saying like a trumpet. And it says, it says, "Come up hither." Are you with me? That's what the trump says. It is the summons to leave the earth and be caught up to meet the Lord in the air. And we're right here where the voice becomes the trump. We're that close. kind of resounds within me right now this week. You know, you always I always pray, Lord, give me a visitation. Let me hear your voice. Speak to me, whether dream, vision, however, hear your voice. I've heard his voice many times. I've had spiritual dreams, very few very very few visions. The other morning I got up at 1:00 in the morning and I was thinking of Israel and what they were going through and all of the wars that were, you know, the bombardments and the firing back of the enemy and what they were doing trying to preserve their homeland and trying to wipe out the demonic regime of those who were saying death to Israel, threatening to wipe them off the face of the earth. And I was tempted I was tempted just to to to grab my phone or my computer one and read the news. What is happening? What is going on? But I didn't. I laid back down and I went to sleep. And as I was sleeping there in just those few moments because it happened only in just 15 minutes because I would wake up again, look at the clock and I I I felt the spirit of God come upon me and I in in the stream and I I fell to the floor and I was kneeling there and I was repenting. I was saying, "Oh, God, I'm sorry that I haven't been in more and in tune more that I could hear your voice. We so need to hear it." And I was just repenting in that moment prostrate on my on my knees there in the stream and laying there right there beside my bed. And as I did, I did my whole body began to vibrate and I began to speak in other tongues. at first stammer, stammer, unintelligent stammering and then speaking in other tongues and then it come out of my mouth. The angels of the Lord are with you. They are here. Thousands of angels have been dispatched for you. I tell you church, we're not here in this battle alone. We're not here by ourselves. But as I heard that that voice, it was thousands of voices flowing through me at one time and a harmonious song like it was. It wasn't a song, but it was so harmonious of thousands of voices coming right through my lips. I tell you friends, well, all the thousands of the scripture ought to be flowing to our lips this morning. Amen. I'm acknowledging we are not alone and we are not by oursel. And as we rise up as lions, we are not alone. But the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. He has brought every promise. Amen. And he is here for deliverance. Oh my. What an hour. What a day. You see, there's a binding. A binding. A binding, yes. But a binding that is going on. And it's lukewarmness. Churches will become lukewarm with no passion, no drive, and they will make excuses and try to kill those who have passion. They're being identified. You see that binding promotes peace over purity, tolerance over truth, leads to lukewarmness. have no spiritual hunger, no hunger for holiness, for more of God, a life lifestyle that just blends in rather than stands out. First thing you know, there's compromise in marriage, in friendships, in church involvement, and and even even your choices of media, music, everything else, whatever you're feeding on. But I tell you what, Titus 2:1 says that the grace of God teaches us denying ungodliness and worldly lust, we should live soberly and righteously and godly in this present world. You see, God wants a people who are separated. Not not isolated, not out as hermits or monks hiding in the back woods. Amen. but separated, a holy people, but but not hottie. Come on, somebody. Not know it all, but people who are faith and of full of faith and love and truth, and they're deeply rooted in the word of God, and they're not tossed about by trends, by spiritual fads. You know, that's something that always I watch, you know, with our youth camp and you'll see the young people there always get caught up in fads, trends, and it changes from one year to the next. when a few years ago the trends of that what Britney Spears or whatever showing her naval and all her nonsense and then you see message girls come to camp and they can't even raise their hands because they're showing half their belly trends. We're not to be tossed about by every trend that comes along. You know, you don't pick up everything that comes along. You judge it by the word and say, "What am I being identified with?" Amen. But I wanted you to know, God has not left himself in this day without a voice in the land. From this last day, there has come a forerunner with a message to prepare the way of the Lord, just as prophesied in Malachi 4:5 and 6. Behold, I send to you Elijah the prophet before the coming of that great and dreadful day. You said, "But you know, you're you're a little dark this morning. The way you're preaching be the Bible declares it'll be a great and a dreadful day of the Lord." I'm going to say it's going to be great for some and dreadful for others. It depends on where you're being gathered. Amen. Some it'll be great. It's going to be a great day when we see the dead in Christ rise. It's going to be a great day when we're changed in a moment and a twinkling of an eye. It's going to be a great day when we, like Sarah, have our last life and the promised son comes. Hallelujah. That'll be a great day. But for others, it'll be a dreadful day. And the earth, the Bible said, will burn as an oven. Atomic fire will take it all. Let me tell you something. The message we received is not another man's tradition. It's not a church dogma. It's a return to the apostolic word. The faith that was once delivered to the saints. It will restore the hearts of the children back to their Pentecostal fathers. And if it don't restore you back to that, you missed it. And I and I'm not talking about an emotional experience only, but to a wordbased spiritfilled overcoming life. With the restoration of the word comes the restoration of the power. Not a powerless profession, but a a bride with oil in her lamps. You know what oil is? It's the energy for the fire. Amen. Maybe if you don't have the Holy Ghost on the inside of you, you don't have energy for the fire. But if the Holy Ghost is in there, it is the dynamic energy that puts a fire out of you that light a light in the time of darkness. For it's not by might nor by power, but it's by my spirit, sayeth the Lord of hosts. What is the Lord of hosts? Lord of armies. Time is no longer for we have reached the end of the ages. The wheat and the tears are being separated. The call has come forth. Come out of her, my people. Well, I I left the church and I come here. No. Come out of her thinking, her atmosphere, her ways. A lot of people follow Jesus and you know and even even there were many of them that that were Pharisees which believed and I've als chapter 15. The Pharisees which believe said we ought to be you know circumcised them as a after the law of Moses when they're concerning the Gentiles. And I've often looked at that scripture. I said well how did there be Pharisees? How could there be Pharisees in the New Testament church counted as believers, elders who were saying they were in the meeting with elders saying what a circumcising you know physical circumcising Pharisees which believed. How did that happen? I'll tell you how it happened. They bypassed the new birth. When you get the Holy Ghost, you're no longer Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Catholic, or whatever. Their ways are gone. Then you got the ways like they had on the day of Pentecost. You think about the word like they did on the day of Pentecost. You act like they did on the day of Pentecost. Somebody help me preach. Amen. You're no longer identified with the tombs of religion. You are identified with Christ and his word. The climax of the harvest. This is not just a random event. This is just not happen stance. This has been orchestrated and pre-planned by God. He's been waiting for this moment. This is a crowning moment. It's a bride who is his crowning achievement. We have been pre-planned because he planted the seed and is now harvest. and and and this harvest time. We are the great climax of God's redemptive plans. And this has is what the ages have been moving forward. And for this very climax, we have come into this harvest season. And now the final cycle is upon us. And the harvest must be completed. And during this growing season, there is silence and there's patience and there's development of the crop. But when harvest time comes, something changes. The silence of growth gives way to the noise of the sickle. The shout of the reapers and the joy of the master in the field. Friends, the silence is broken. Come on. We're right now in the seventh seal where the silence has been broken and and the and the silence of growth of the seven ages has given way to the noise of the sickle, the shout of the reapers, the joy of the master of the field. As Joel chapter 3 says, "Put in the sickle for the harvest is ripe and come get you down for the press is full and the fats overflow for their wickedness is great." You see, there's a holy excitement in the harvest because what was planted is now come to full maturity. The seed produced of its kind, the long season of waiting is over. Hallelujah. Ain't that wonderful, Sister Jeanie? We've been waiting for this time, hadn't we? We're here in this hour where the long season of waiting is over. That can be true for you this morning. You've been waiting on your miracle. Amen. The long season of waiting is over. Amen. thrust in the sickle, reap the harvest. The benefits are there. It's all in the word. Somebody help me preach. Amen. It ought to give way for from silence to now the joy of the reapers. Hallelujah. The Lord of the harvest is here, Jesus Christ himself. And he's been waiting with divine anticipation for this very hour. And now he's about to gather his bride. We've seen the tears being gathered. We see the ecumenical system. We see the spirit that's binding. But I'm telling you, there's a there's something that is also gathering the wheat and pulling her into the garner. What is gathering her is not a communical spirit. It's the Holy Spirit. And the outpouring of the Holy Ghost is gathering a people, a bride in this evening time. Hallelujah. I say, "Let it pour out upon us. Pour it out upon me." Amen. Cuz he will gather his bride, that wrapped ripened grain. He'll carry into the great grain elevator of glory into the eternal garner of God. Hallelujah. What a day that will be. What an hour we are living in. Amen. I hear the sound of the sickle coming. Brother Brandham even said himself when he was here with prophetic ears. He said, "I can hear the coming of the combine." Amen, brother. It's closer now than it ever was. We're here about to be gathered into the eternal garner of God, the barn, the place that he's prepared where it's going to be a wonderful gathering, the marriage supper of the lamb. And what a barn dance that's going to be. I said, what a barn dance that's going to be. You see us act up a little bit sometimes, get up and shout and run the aisle and just wait until we get there. You ain't never seen a people that's going to respond like this kind of people. People who said, "I am redeemed. I have been set free. I I'm a child of the king and I am changed." And when I look there and I see my new body and I see what I can do and I can see what you do. I can see the wrinkles are gone. I can see old age are raised. I can see the dead in Christ and they're no longer went down. you know was as crippled or or sick or weak but now they're strong and they're healthy and they're young and eternal youth camp has begun. I tell you we are in the harvest. We are in that time. Let us be glad and rejoice for the marriage of the lamb has come and his bride have made herself ready. It's the climax. It's the climax of the harvest. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let the sound of the trumpet come. Let the sound of the reaper. Hallelujah. Let the rejoicing begin. We are in the harvest. Hallelujah. Let the musicians come. God bless you, church. Hallelujah. [Music] Come on. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and pray. Oh, say it again. Come on my soul. Say, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. You lift up your Oh, you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and pray. Oh, the Lord, I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I know it's not much. Nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. All my words fall short. All my words fall short. [Music] I've got nothing. Oh, how could I express? Oh my gratitude. I could sing this song. Yes, as I often do, Lord, every song must stay and you never do. So I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a Oh, yes, Lord. And I know it's not much. Oh, I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I've got one response. Sing it now. Oh, I've got one response. I've got just one move. Oh, my arms stretched wide. Lord, I will worship. I'll worship you as though I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I know it's not much. Nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, come on my soul. Yes. Come on my soul. Oh, don't you get sh lift up your song like a lion. [Music] Oh, get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on. Yes. Come on, my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, the Lord. I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Yes. Cuz all that I have. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, I lay. Oh, I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing high. Oh, high. I'll throw up my hands. I'll throw up my hands. I'll praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Oh, and from you all. Yes, Lord. And to you, oh, you deserve the gloryy. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, and from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve. You're worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve. Sing it again. You're worthy, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, and from you are all things and you are all things. Oh, you deserve. Amen. Let's sing it one more time. You deserve it all. And you are worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. And from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. And Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I'll believe on you. And though I can see you with my eyes, oh deep in my heart, your presence I find. Oh Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I'll I'll keep my trust in you. And let this old world say what they made. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you. I'll always believe believe in you. Oh, and though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I found. Lord, I believe in you. I'll keep my trust in you. Oh, say what they meant. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. [Music] And in that city where the lamb is the light. Oh, that city where there cometh no night. See, I have a mansion over there and it's free from Oh, I'm going where the land is the light. And there's a country far beyond sorry sky. Oh, there's a city where there never comes a night. And if we're faithful, we'll go there by and by. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the lie. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the lie. Oh, that city where there cometh no night. And I have a mansion over there. [Music] Oh, I'm going where the land is the light. And here we have our days of sunshine. Oh, we know that the sun that shines upon us now so bright. It will be changed in clouds and rain until we go. Oh, where that city, the land is the lie. Oh that city where the land is the light. Oh that city where there cometh no night. Oh I have a mansion over there. Oh I'm going where the lamb. Sing it again. In that city and in that city where the lamb is the light. Oh, that city where there cometh no not a mansion over there from toiling care. I'm going where the land oh he abides. Say he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. And I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter. Oh, sing it one more time. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Let's go singing that song now. He abides. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides.
