################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-11 - Church Age Study - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on April 11, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-11
Title:   Church Age Study - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on April 11, 2025
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz2WNrLPyjs
========================================

[Music] [Music] Oh happy day. Oh happy day when Jesus walked. You washed my sins away. Let's all stand and sing that now. Oh happy day. Oh happy day when Jesus washed. Oh when he washed, he washed my sins away. He taught me how to walk. Watch and [Applause] pray and live rejoy. Sing it. Oh, every day. Oh, happy day. Oh, happy [Applause] day when Jesus was. Oh, when he washed. Oh, when Jesus washed, he washed my sins away. Oh, sing it one more time. Say, "Oh, happy day. Oh, happy day." Oh, when Jesus was. When Jesus was. Oh, when Jesus was, he washed my sins away. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past at last. Ever to rejoiceing. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. For cares I'll pass. Home at last ever to say it again. Say oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving. We get the drums off. Oh, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last, ever to rejoice. And when before me billows rise from the mighty deep, then the Lord directs my mark, he does save the king, and he leads me gently on through this world below. Oh, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, dare to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Oh, cares all past. Oh, at last ever to [Music] rejoice in this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. All this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Say it again. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, this peace that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace I have. The world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me and the world didn't give it. Take it [Music] [Applause] away. I have. Oh, my God gave it to me. And this joy I have. You see, my God gave it to me. Oh, this joy I have. Oh, my God gave it to me. And my God gave it in the world. Amen. Just turn around, shake somebody's hand this evening. Say, "This joy, this joy that I have, oh my God gave it to me." In this joy I have, my God gave it to me. Oh, this joy I have. Oh my God gave it to me. Oh my God gave it. The world can't take it [Music] away. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand tonight. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. We just turn on the microphones right here for brother Andrew and sister Rebecca. We'll just sing a chorus. I don't know if it's in the projector. So, lots of things great here, but key E flat just says, "You are Gyra. You are more than enough." Amen. Amen. You are enough. You are gyro. You are enough. I will be content. So I will be content in every circumstance. You are Gyra. You are enough. Gyra. [Music] You are enough. You are gyro. You are enough. Amen. Can you say I will be content? I will be content in every circumstance. You are gyro. You are [Music] enough. I'm already love. I'm already chosen. I know who I am. I know what you've spoken. I know what you've spoken. I'm already loved more than I could imagine. And that is enough. [Music] You are enough. You are dry. You are enough. And I will be content in every circumstance. You are a child of you are enough. Oh, I will be content. I will be content. every circumstance. You [Music] are you are enough. I will be content. Say I will be content in every circumstance. You [Music] are you are enough. Oh, say child. You are enough. You are enough. Oh, you are dry. You are enough. And I will be content in every circle. You are not. You are enough. Oh, and I will be content in every circumstance. You are just, you are enough. Amen. Amen. Let's pray together. Father, Lord, what we know is that you are in control of every situation and everything. I just pray right now, Lord, that you'll just come and move in this service, speak in this service, Father. Lord, have your way. Things always go according to your plan. And I just pray that you would just help us now to step aside and allow you to use us, Lord, however you would see fit, Father. We commit this time to you, Lord, and ask that you would just take control now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Well, I I I'll tell you so that you can uh pray with me. We uh very interesting. Hello. Hello. There we go. Yeah, it's going to continue to be interesting. I can tell. Uh you know, the Wi-Fi has been in and out and crashing over and over all day. So, a while ago, I went back there to put the finishing touches on the sermon that I worked on all day, and it is gone. Does not exist. So, so here we are. Uh, it completely I'd opened it and saved it throughout the day. Uh, had 30 something pages. And while ago, I got there in the back to open it to finish the last little bit, and there was three pages. So, it is what it is, and what we rest in is that God's in control. you know, I might have had 27 pages of stuff that he said, "Nope, that don't need to be said tonight." So, that's fine. That's just where we are. You know, I I still have my PowerPoint, uh, which is just a few slides of things that I like to put up for y'all to be able to go along with me, but it is what it is. We're not going to worry about it. We're going to take our time and and I'm I'm going to be very aware of of the time element tonight, knowing that we have a skit to follow this. And I want to give them plenty of time to prepare for that. So, do we have the PowerPoint ready to go? Let's put that up so we can so we can get started. We're going to begin by reading in the book of Revelation. And we're going to read from chapter 3 verse 14 verse uh for the 14- 22 as we read about the Leodysian church age here. And it says, ' And unto the angel of the church of the Leadyans, write these things, saith the Amen, the faithful and the true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot, I would thou were cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignnt that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. You can have your seats this evening. Amen. Very early on in in the church age study, brother Brandham points uh to an early key to a key in the church age book that helped him with his study and and all his studies. And we point to it every time because it's of such vital importance. And he said the key is that the is the revelation that God never changes and that his ways are as unchangeable as he is. Amen. So Hebrews 13:8, we know that that is the the the theme of our message, that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And this really is the the key to it all. It's the keystone to the entire Bible that that God never changes. The world around us changes, people's attitude changes, um things are constantly changing, and yet God never changes. And so tonight, you can you can rest on his word. You can rest on his promises. And you can you can rest assured that he's going to do exactly what he said do. If if he loved something yesterday, he loves it today. If he hated something yesterday, he hates it today. And and when all else is changing and failing, this word can never fail. And this word can never change. Amen. And so we we looked last time at at the the Leodysian age was in part one and we know it began around 1906 and it runs up through present times. We see Leodysia in the bottom right hand corner here of our map and it means people's rights and Leodysia was actually a very common name back then and it like I said it meant people's rights or justice of the people's and and we discussed last time how you know we believe in in treating people right it's not that we're against people's rights we're for people's rights but but at the heart of this age that there's a push to make everything equal no matter how preposterous it is. And they try to make everything equal. And I just want to say tonight that two does not equal three, no matter how many times that they say it does. Amen. That there's a it's preposterous. But the truth behind this push isn't isn't a true equality. It's that's not the push. The truth is it's an attack on biblical standards a and and on social norms that were formed by those biblical standards. Amen. And and and so social norms are even under attack. And you may say, okay, well, what's the big deal about about social norms? What is normal? Normal means conforming to a standard. Usual, typical, or expected. I want to focus on that for a minute. Normal means conforming to a standard. Usual, typical, or expected. And for so many years, so it's talking about conforming to a standard. And for so many years, what was that standard? For so many years, that standard was set by the Bible. And so the usual behavior of most people was behavior that was influenced by that standard. So what was normal was to act the way the Bible said act. That was normal. That was usual. That was the expected behavior. It was the typical behavior and the expected behavior of people in society was influenced by the Bible. And maybe it was at different levels. Not everybody believed the Bible the same. Not everybody um was maybe as fervent about it. And so it was at different levels, but still it was the major influence of our society. That's why we were called a Christian nation. If you were born in this nation today and you hear we're a Christian nation, that may not make sense to you because we don't seem to be that anymore. We're not that anymore. But it was based on that norm. It was based on that standard. But what is the standard today? Whatever you want it to be. Whatever makes you feel good. Whatever doesn't offend people or hurt people's feelings or whatever the media portrays as the norm. Whatever Hollywood sets before the people. Because today, what most young people coming up feed on and adults too isn't the word of God anymore. It isn't the Bible anymore. It's it's their social media feed or the news feed or the entertainment that they're constantly drawing from on a daily basis. And so that's what presents them with what normal is. So, I want you to just stop and think about that for a minute and maybe we'll just hunker down here here for a minute because I I think you know, and I I've made it clear that that we're not the the the entertainment police. We can't legislate to you what you should feed on, what you shouldn't, what you should watch, what you shouldn't. The truth of the matter is that I learned a long time ago, if you'll just focus on getting people to fall more in love with Jesus, those things will take care of themselves. I can get you to not watch nothing and not read nothing and live in a hole in the ground, but if you don't get the Holy Ghost, none of that's going to matter. So, I don't want to focus on make sure you're not doing this and make sure you're not doing that. What I want you to do tonight is go deeper with Jesus. I want you to fall more in love with Jesus and seek more of God and it'll legislate itself. Amen. So, so my point being is I'm I'm not here to to to be the entertainment police, but but the fact of the matter is if that's what you set before you constantly and you feed on that and you feed on that and you feed on that, what it does is it shifts your view of what normal is. And I I kind of got on this a bit when I was preaching up at brother Matt's last last week. If all you ever knew was the Bible, you had no outside influence. If all you ever knew was Evening Light Tabernacle, if that's all you knew was the Bible and the message and the people around you, what would your view of marriage be? What would your view of courtship be? What would your view of normal be? But what happens is all of us are exposed to outside influences. Whether it be at work, whether it be at school, whether it be what we're feeding on. And so those influences move our opinion or ideas of what normal is. So what is normal, brother Aaron? What's normal is what the word of God says. You want the word of God to be your center and to be your focus and to be where you establish your normal. Because what happens is the more even clean entertainment, what I want you to understand is what is Hollywood? It's not a bunch of good folks going, "Let's make movies to to strengthen the core of the American family. Let's make movies so that people really want to be in church on Sunday and we want to strengthen marriages and we want No, that's not that that's not what they want. They want to influence your idea of normal. They want a movie. So even if you feed on clean entertainment constantly and this clean and maybe there's nothing in it that I could point to and go, "Man, that's awful. You shouldn't see that." But if that is your steady diet, if that's all you're seeing and that's all you're feeding on, then your your your normal is getting moved to where when a standard is placed before you by a father or by a pastor, you go, "Why can't we just be normal? What normal? Hollywood's normal or the Bible's normal. The books that you've been reading is normal or the books normal. And you get to the place where you began to say things like, "Well, that's just oldfashioned. That's just oldfashioned." Well, why don't we just reword that and see if you still feel that way? Because remember, oldfashioned, what was oldfashioned based on the Bible, right? So instead of saying that's just oldfashioned, next time you want to buck up against something that the preacher says or mama says or dad says, just word it like this and see if you still feel that way. Dad, that's just what God wants. Dad, why do you got to do everything that the Lord wants? Why don't we just start saying it like that instead of saying, "Dad, that's so oldfashioned. Dad, why do we got to do that? That's just the Bible. But instead, we make it sound better by going, "That's just old. That's just Dad. Nobody does that anymore. Nobody thinks that way anymore." I know. That's the problem. That's what we're talking about. But we're allowing nonsense to become our normal. And so, what am I saying tonight? Let's get back to the true normal. Let's get back to the reality of what God wants. and make that the basis for our decisions because you watch those and you watch the, you know, movie after movie or book after book and your idea of how dating supposed to be done changes. Your idea of how marriage is supposed to be changes, you know, and and and I made the the the joke. It's not really a joke, but I said, you'll find yourself watching something and you're rooting for the, you know, oh, I sure hope this guy ends up with this girl and this guy and this girl are both married to other people. And you're like sitting there, why don't you just come out and say, I'm rooting for adultery in this movie. Nobody would say that. But what are you doing? I'm just being honest. Our normal gets moved. our idea of what's okay and what's not okay gets moved and it changes our view and it begins to influence what normal is. So that's that's why the word of God tells us let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Don't think like the world. Romans 12:2 says, "And be not conformed to this world, but be you transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." Let's renew our minds tonight, young people, how do I do that? Get back into the word. Seek more of God. You know, are you saying entertainment's wrong? No, I'm not saying that. But I'm saying when it begins to raise to the level of importance in your life as the word of God or you begin to give it the same amount of time as you give your relationship with God and you begin to develop more of a thirst for that water than for the wellsp springsings of life that come out of the word of God, there's a problem there. We need to check up, step back, and say, "I need to let a different mind be in me. I need to renew my mind. I I need to quit being conformed to this world because it's a snare. It's attract. I used to tell people all the time if I was ever addicted to anything, it was entertaining my flesh. Entertaining this spirit. I always wanted to be entertained. I always wanted to be entertained. And we become addicted to entertainment. But I say, let's get a different addiction tonight. Uh let's get a drinking problem tonight. Let's start drinking from the fountain of life. There's a fountain open in the house of David. Let's draw from that tonight. and let's drink and let's drink and let's drink to where that's the water that our soul craves. Amen. The messenger to our age, William Marryiam Brham. We can say that without a doubt and unashamedly, a vindicated prophet, vindicated by signs and wonders and and and you know, we went through the whole thing last time and and talked about how he established how each messenger would be based off the key that God doesn't change. And and so he said if God chose Paul to be the first church age messenger, then every messenger that would come after that would be the ministry that most resembled Paul's ministry. And you and you look at this ministry and and you look at the the fact that night after night after night that whenever he preached it wasn't man coming down saying amen. It wasn't man coming down saying this is good. Matter of fact man was against him but night after night the pillar of fire would come down into the services and the pillar of fire would say amen this is the truth. This is a vindicated message. Listen we may look at it sometimes and go oh that's oldfashioned. the pillar of fire came down and said, "This is the truth. This is what pleases me." God wouldn't come down and put an amen on a lie. God wouldn't come down and do the things he did behind a lie. You you you think about it, and I believe I have this right, but one of the first very first times brother Brandham talks about me meeting the angels in the cloud coming down and there there in Arizona is when brother Wayey falls dead in the service. And so right there after he's told all that and people want to say, "Well, that wasn't true. That wasn't true." Brother Way falls dead in the service and brother Brandham goes down and calls him back and God raises the dead in that very service right behind the testimony of the meeting the seven angels. God doesn't come down and vindicate a lie. He came down and said, "This is the truth, and I'm going to restore life to vindicate that this is the truth." This was the messenger to our age. We covered the seven visions that he had in 1933 and the the scriptures that pointed to an Elijah ministry there in Matthew 17 and also Malachi 4. And we we we focused on the turning of the hearts. How there was two parts to that from from the fathers to the children which which is what John the Baptist came and did. And then also from the children to the fathers which was the Elijah ministry of this day. And in this age the leadyian age there were two indictments. One was that the people were lukewarm and another was that they say they are rich and have need of nothing. We'll look at lukewarm for just a moment. Brother Brandham says here, "Then what is wrong with these people of the last day? They've gotten away from the word. They are no longer fervent about it. They are lukewarm about it." What do we mean by that? What What does the term mean? I know we talk about it means it's neither cold nor hot. And then so therefore, you know, lukewarm, you're going to be spewed out of the mouth of God. But let's just bring it down into a way we can discuss it for our individual lives. lukewarm about it doesn't mean necessarily that you sit in church lukewarm, although you will. But too many times we like to talk about our Christian life and based it on Sunday and Wednesday and and I do care, but just understand what I'm saying. I don't really care what you're doing in here on Sunday and Wednesday. That doesn't tell me anything about your Christian life because anybody can come and be moved and be emotional and be excited. Good Christians can have a bad day and sit there like a bump on a log. Those things can happen both ways. When we talk about lukewarm and being lukewarm about the word, I'm talking about Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. What is your desire for the word? What is your desire to fellowship with Jesus? What is your desire to grow that relationship when you're not here? When you're not surrounded by other believers patting you on the back and other people saying amen and incredible songs being sung and an atmosphere being created. It's easy to worship in that atmosphere. It's easy to to to love God in that atmosphere and we all do and and I encourage you to do so. But when we talk about being fervent, I'm talking about on Monday and Tuesday and Thursday, is there a fervent desire to know him more? Is there a fervent desire to fellowship with him more, to pray more, to listen more, to read more? I'm not even saying you're always going to be perfect and you're never going to miss a day and you're never I'm not saying that. I'm saying is there a burning desire there? Are you filling it with other things? or the channels clogged because there's too much gunk going down it, too much entertainment, that there's no time left. I say it all the time and I'm very open about it that I'll say things like, "Man, this was such a busy week. I didn't have time to do anything." And then I'll get my screen report. Let's be real. I'm swamped. There's no time. I didn't have time. I had time for a lot of stuff apparently. And I did nothing apparently. Either that or somebody stole my phone. We have more time than we think. The thing is is priorities. You will find time for what you want to do. You will find time for the things that you prioritize. When you say, "I don't have time to do that. Once again, why don't we just be honest and say, "I don't want to do that." Because I found out a long time ago, people are going to do what they want to do. And they're going to not have time for the things they don't really want to do. We're all that way. There's been days I did not have time to mow my yard, but I got 18 holes of golf in cuz I wanted to do that more than I wanted to mow my yard. You're going to have time. So, what is a fervent desire for the word? Just just in your own in your own hand. I'm not asking for hand raising. This ain't condemnation. I'm asking us to be honest and look in a mirror and be real with ourselves. The hardest person to tell the truth to is yourself. Man, I've had no time. I've had no time. But if you checked your your screen, I'm just saying if you checked it, you don't think there was no time to mix in a a message somewhere in there. There was no time for a couple of psalms. There was time. Brother Aaron, you're being hard. You know what I'm saying? Tonight's a night to check up and go, God, I want that fire rekindled. I'm going to be honest with myself and say, I haven't been as fervent as I need to be. I haven't been as hungry as I need to be, and I want that desire to be rekindled tonight. I I want I want that desire to raise up above the desire for this and that. I want to be on fire for you, Lord. I want to be fervent. I want a desire in my heart. I don't want it to be, oh, it's Wednesday. I can't believe I got to get off work and go straight to church. I want it to be. I get to get off work and go straight to church. I get to pray. I get to read my Bible. Look, I understand that life tries to choke all those things out. That's why we're saying, "Lord, I need your help. I need you to rekindle it. I need you to set me on fire. I want to be an overcomer. I want to be fervent in my life." Brother Brandon would begin to break this down. The second part of this accusation or or the indictment, Revelations 3 17 and 18 says, "Because thou sayest, I am re rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing and knowest not that thou are wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. I counsel thee to buy me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thy eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. Now if we look at the very first phrase of this it says because thou sayest brother says the leas is seeing church ages saying I am reach rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing that was her selfestimate this is the church the modern church she looked at herself and that is what she saw remember what I just told you it's very hard to be honest with oneself very very look I'm that guy that many times I I look in the mirror and I go this color makes me look thinner no you look the same it's just red and not blue but we like to tell ourselves things that make us feel better about ourselves and the church is saying we're rich everything's good and they're not being honest with themselves And brother Brandham says because thou sayest, in other words, it's them, the ones that that are speaking. But just because you say something doesn't mean it's the truth. Just because they're saying we're we're rich and we're we're increased with goods and this and and and we have need of nothing. And God's saying, I never said that about you. That's not my diagnosis of you. That is a self diagnosis. I am increased with goods. It actually means I have spiritual riches. And before I before I go there, I do want to just I want to go back one because the first thing he said was rich. And brother Brandham actually breaks this down and says this literally means with worldly goods. And he says the church is literally bragging we have lots of money. He goes how different is this from the church in the book of Acts that sold everything they had for the good of the gospel that sold everything. And he says, "Look, we're not saying rich people can't go to heaven and rich people can't be spiritual and and blessed churches can't be, you know, doing good things." He said, "But for all the richness they're claiming," he said, "Bigger buildings than we've ever had before, radio programs, millions and millions of dollars pouring in, and yet less works of the Holy Spirit being done than ever before." And I want to tell you there, there's nothing wrong with a good job. There's nothing wrong with a nice house. There's nothing wrong with a nice big church. That's not the point he's making. He's saying, "But when that becomes the focus, when that becomes the focus and not the Holy Spirit working in lives, when we be been saying, we're so blessed because of look at our paycheck. We're so blessed. Look at our building." And he even says, and I can't remember the exact quote, but he says, "Back to the dimly lit buildings, back to the storefronts, back to the small places." Well, he wasn't telling everybody to shut their their church down. What was he saying? Let's get back to the same hunger we used to have. Let's get back to the desperation we used to have when we were willing to stand on the street corners and witness to people and street preach and sing. He goes, "Let's get back to that." And wherever you're at in life tonight, however blessed you've become, wherever your career has led you, wherever marriage and life and kids and all those things, and you look around and say, "I'm so blessed. I thank God for those blessings. But let's make sure we're as desperate as we were the day we came to the altar. Let's make sure that we're as hungry as we were when he first touched our heart and he first touched our lives and say, "I want to get back to that, God. I want the same hunger and the same desire. I want to have the same excitement when your presence moves through this place. Get me back to that." He says they became focused on the wrong riches and then they claim I'm increased with goods. They claim that they have spiritual blessings. He says, "How can this be? How can this be possible? Thou sayest, I'm increased with good." This literally means I have spiritual riches. If the church were truly spiritually rich, its influence would be felt upon the community. What's he mean by this? In other words, there's churches on every corner. Minden has churches everywhere. Boer, Halton, churches everywhere. And yet, what's the impact? The world's getting worse and worse and worse and worse. He's saying if the church was truly spiritually rich and the people that stepped through the doors were truly being changed, if there was truly people being born again, you would see a change in your community. There would be an effect upon lives. He says this, listen to this. Take a good look around you. Now, focus this in as as you consider what is a Christian. What is the effect that the word should have on your life? Take a good look around you. Examine the people as they walk by. In the multitude you see, can you pick out those that have the appearance of Christians? Watch how they dress. Wait, brother. And it matters how we dress. Absolutely. Watch how they dress. Watch how they act. Hear what they say. See where they go. I want to stop and look at that for just a minute. Watch how they dress. Watch how they act. Hear what they say. See where they go. Your testimony isn't just your true testimony. Isn't what you say you are. Your true testimony is what manifest out of your life. He says, "There's Christians everywhere, but let's see how they're dressing. Let's see how they're acting. Let's see how they're talking. Listen young people, I've said this to you before, but there still should be a huge difference in the way you talk and the young people of the world talk. And I'm not even talking about things that you're like, "Well, yeah, I know we shouldn't be cursing." I'm not even talking about that. But if I sit next to a table of message young people on this side and worldly young people on this side, I ought to be able to tell them apart without looking at them. But too many times our conversations have become too loose because what we think is normal, what we consider normal, watch how they act. Listen, I want to I I want to pat you on the back and and testify. I believe Evening Light Tabernacle has an incredible group of young people. Y'all are an incredible testimony to the world that there is a living God, that there is a power that will keep you and change your life. I'm not saying you're all perfect. None of us are. But I look at you and I'm proud of you. I'm proud of what God has done in your life. But I'm just telling you to be aware when you walk in public that they should see something different. They should hear something different. When you're at the restaurant as a big group, I'm not saying you got to sit there and not talk and everybody make sure you talk in a load. I'm not saying that. Sometimes we get the idea, man, you grown-ups don't want us to have any fun. I want you to have all the fun you want. I want you to have a great time, but at the same time do it in a way that when people look at you say there's something different about those young people. I don't know where they're going and what they're doing and what and who's raising them, but there's something different about them. And it's a light shining. Brother Brandham said, "You were put here to light up the age." Think about that. You're not just going through daily life, but you were put here to light up the age in this day. What a responsibility that we have. Light up the age, he says. Take a good look around you. I just read this. We're going to read it again. Examine the people as they walk by. In the multitude, you see, can you pick out those that have the appearance of Christians? There's a way Christians are supposed to look. Watch how they dress. Watch how they act. Should be an A there. Hear what they say. See where they go. Surely there ought to be some real evidence of the new birth amongst all those we see go by, but few there be. Hey, determine in your heart that I want to be one of the few. I want my life to be a life that's a testimony. Don't ever let my life be a snare. Don't ever let my life be a smear. And I'm not even talking about a smear on your family, which it can be, or a smear on Evening Light Tabernacle, which it could be, but I'm talking about a smear on the testimony of the Lord Jesus Christ. Because we claim he did something for us, then let our life manifest that. Let our life be a witness and a testimony of the power and the grace of Jesus Christ. He goes on talking about the church and they say, "I have need of nothing." He says now when anybody says I have need of nothing he could very well be saying I have everything or he could be saying I don't want anymore as I am full now you can express this any way you want and it all adds up to the fact that the church is complacent now understand there you know there are people that that just don't want anymore you hear them I was saved 25 years ago you hear them you hear it saying all the time I don't need any of that evangelistic preaching You know, God already got a hold of my heart. I don't ever need to go to an altar. I don't ever listen. We believe in a peace. Okay? We believe that when it's settled, that you're sealed to the day. We have faith in the seal, don't we, brother Timothy? That when it's settled, it's settled. But I've often said, and I'll continue to say it, that the greatest evidence that somebody has had an experience with the Holy Ghost is that they want more of the Holy Ghost. They've got a touch of it and they want more of it. They are not complacent. It is not a oneanddone deal. It's one and done as far as the day of redemption. But if you've really got that, you're going to seek more and seek more and you're want to grow more. Listen, there are depths we will never achieve. There there are things about God I believe he'll reveal to us little by little all throughout eternity and we'll still never know all of it. So why are we here? while we're here, how can we act like, well, I've got everything. I know it all. But no, I come on Sunday and I come on Wednesday and when I pray and when I listen to a message, God, show me more of yourself. Reveal more of yourself to me. Draw me closer to you. I don't want to be complacent so many times. And and I've been a part of it and I'm just talking to you from my heart. I've been a part of supernatural moments at this altar, at other altars, at youth camp, to where the power of God drops down and you know it and you feel it. I know it's not in feelings. I'm just telling you, you know it and you feel it and the power hits you and it hits the person you're praying for and they rejoice and they shout and they scream and that's wonderful. I'm for it. Half the time I do, too. But then six months later or seven months later or a year later they're gone. You say, 'Well, nothing really happened. Yes, it did. Something very real happened. But they thought that's it. It settled and there was no progression. There was a spark that hit them and they rejoiced, but they didn't add wood to the fire. They didn't allow the fire to grow in their life and they felt something draw near and it excited them. It excited me too and they ran off on an excitement and they said that that that's it guys come back the next service looking for more. Come back the next service said God I know you touched me but I want to settle the issue. I want to go deeper. Brother Brandham talks about it. He says he says the church's altars are full. He said, "But seldom are people stay in there long enough to break through and settle the issue, guys. It's the last age and it's the the closing of the last age. We we got to be beyond just just, you know, a little churchity. But have you settled the issue tonight? Is there even a little tinge of fear that if the rapture happened in the morning?" Because if you're where you need to be, that overjoys you right now. There's nothing more exciting to you than to think we may not leave this service. But if you don't have that peace, you need to settle the issue. Well, I'm justified. Listen, I'll put it to you like this. Justification's somewhere we all got to go, but that we can't stay. Sanctification is somewhere we all got to go, but you can't stay. I rejoice in what God's done for you up to this point in your life, but let's take another step and not be complacent, not be lukewarm, but go on with God. He said, "If if this church has all of it that it needs, why were they crying out for more of God in the book of Acts?" as though they didn't have it all. And yet, they had far more than what we have today. Think about you read the book of Acts and the upper rooms just happened and you go over just in the next chapter or chapter 4 and there's a refilling and the the place is shaking and they receive more and they're seeking more. They just came from the upper room and they want more. We can't be complacent where we're at. But our cry of our heart tonight is God, I want more of you. I got to grow in you. Amen. But that's their diagnosis of who they are. God has a different diagnosis. He says, "But God saw it otherwise." He said, "You don't know this, but you are wretched. You are miserable. You are poor, blind, and naked." Brother Bram says, "Now, when a people are that way, especially naked and don't know it, there has to be something awfully wrong." Amen to that. He says, "Surely something must be happening." And then he gives us a clue right here to recognize where we're at in time. Think about what happened. Why couldn't the Jews recognize who Jesus was? They were blinded. So that the gospel could come to the Gentiles. So that he might have a a bride for his name's sake pulled from the Gentiles. And so, Brother Brandham points to this and says, "If they can't even see that they're naked," listen to it. He says, "Is it not that God has blinded their eyes as he did the Jews? Is the gospel going back to the Jews? Is history repeating itself?" I say it is. And if we're at the place of the blinding of the Gentile eyes, where the churches are standing up there saying Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, and he's saying they're blind, they're miserable, they're naked, they're wretched, and they don't even know it. Then the prophet of God looks at that and says, "That's not." He said, "Their eyes have been blinded because the gospel is turning back to the Jews. They can't even recognize it." Well, if that's where we're at and that's where we're standing at the blinding of the eyes and the gospel turning back, then I'm telling you, we're standing in some of our final church services. We're having some of our final opportunities. And once again, that's not to scare you. That should rejoice your heart that it's almost going home time. And that if you're not right, you have another opportunity right now. That's right. To get it right, to make it right, to settle the issue. He's talking about this age. He says it's wretched. Wretched and miserable. And think about the world we live in. He says, how strange in this age of plenty, in this age of progress. Now, think about the age we're blessed to live in. I'm going to be honest, man. I look back in in old times and maybe western times and there's there's a little bit of romanticizing about how cool that era was. Man, that have been awful. Once again, we're just not really honest with ourselves. How many of y'all would be here tonight if from where you lived you rode a horse? I'm just saying. And we look back and yeah there are neat things about you know maybe the 50s and in and that time period and and the reason we look back as Christians and like is because we look back and see the morality and how things were better in that way. You like it would have been better. But the fact is you're very blessed to live in the time you live in. Wait till August and turn on the air conditioner and just go thank you. I'm blessed. That's right. Brother Jackson raised his hand. But he says, "How strange in these age of plenty, in the age of progress, in the age of abundance, he says, how can there be trials?" He says, "Well, it's strange, but in the age of plenty, plenty opportunity when everyone has so much and there is so much more to be had. What with all the inventions to do our work, so many things to give us pleasure." And he says, "Think about it. Suddenly we find mental illness taking such a toll as to alarm the nation. This is in ' 65. Mental illness since then is I I can't even probably tell you how much it's gone up percentage wise. I wouldn't dare guess when everybody ought to be happy with really nothing to be unhappy about. This is your prophet. You have nothing to be unhappy about. Amen. Millions are taking sedatives at night, pet pills in the morning, rushing to doctors, entering institutions, and trying to drown out unknown fears. People are afraid and don't even know why. Wretched, miserable. Trying to drown out unknown fears by alcohol. Yes, this age boasts of it tremendous stores of worldly goods, but the people are less happy than ever. This age boasts of its spiritual attainments, but the people are less sure of themselves than ever. This age boasts of better moral values, and it is more corrupt than any age since the flood. Wretched and miserable. Miserable means that they are objects to be pied. pied. Think about it. They are poor. I'm just talking about God's diagnosis here. Brother Brown says, "Now, of course, that means spiritually poor. The sign of this age as it closes is bigger and better churches with more and more people with more and more manifestation of what is supposed to be demonstrations of the Holy Ghost. But the filled altars, the gifts of the spirit in operation. Think about this. Now listen, the remarkable attendance is not the answer from God. For those who come to the altars very seldom stay to go on with God. And after the great campaigns are finished, where are all those who came down the aisles? They heard a man. They listened to an appeal. They came into the net. But yet they were not fish. It's an evil age. It's an awful age. He says, "You are blind. You are naked." He says, "I cannot imagine anything as tragic as a man who is blind and naked and does not know it. There's only one answer. He's out of his mind. He is already deep in oblivion. His faculties are gone and spiritual amnesia has set in." They're blind. They're miserable. They're wretched. They're naked. Why are we not in that same condition? Because God sent a message in this day. And because there was a deep on the inside of you that responded to the deep. And we're not blind. Because we see the world through the eyes of an eagle, prophet, messenger who raised up higher above all the things of the world. And he could see the whole picture. And he shared it with you. And you didn't say, "Oh, that's nonsense. Oh, that's that. That's oldfashioned." But you grabbed a hold of that message with all that you were worth and it's opened your eyes and you look around and you can recognize insanity. You can recognize that that it's wretched and it's miserable and the world is falling apart. But that's not your condition tonight. Praise God. Because you've been called. You've been chosen. He said, "Come out of her, my people." And he given you an opportunity and you've seized that opportunity. And tonight, you sit here by the grace of God in your right mind. That's right. not giving in to the things of the world, overcoming. You don't recognize what a miracle you are in this day. But you are a miracle. You are a wonderful testimony that this message is truth. You can't do this on your own. This is the power of God living his life out through a people, manifesting to the world that there is a living God. There is a truth. There is a peace. You don't have to be wretched, miserable, and blind and naked. Why are we not naked? Because we've been clothed with the word of the hour. The messenger of the age brought down the wedding garments and he said, "Clothe yourself, little bride, and we've wrapped ourselves in it tonight. We've got gold tried in the fire." And we're wearing white raignment tonight by the grace of God. Hallelujah. The final council of the ages. Revelation 3:18 and 19. He says, "I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thine eyes with eyes, that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen." I want to read that sentence again. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Now, notice here that he directs this last day church to one hope. He points them back to himself. Buy of me. Come back to me. No. No. Not Notice he doesn't say that you don't have gold. They've already said they were rich. But he's saying you've been searching after the wrong kind of gold. You've been seeking after the wrong things. But he says, "Buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich." He says come to me and buy. He says their transactions although they have claimed it to be spiritual cannot be spiritual. They may think that they are spiritual but how can they be? He says buy us of me gold tried in the fire. And in other words, he says this this is exactly the the organized churches of the last day. For it says in in verse four, come out of her my people. What have they done? They they've got gold and they've got riches and they put it all in in in huge programs and they put it all in in giant buildings. They put it all in in radio broadcasts and and brother Brown talks about those things. He says that that looks like a blessing. He says, "But understand the snare in all that. The snare is that that the men behind the pull pit are afraid to preach the truth. They're afraid to say things that might offend the biggest donor. Are afraid to say things that'll keep the money from coming in." And he says, "And the gold that they have is corruptable." But he says, "Buy of me gold tried in the fire." What is that gold, brother? And what are you talking about? First Peter 1:7, "That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth." He says, "The gold of God is a Christlike character produced in the fiery furnace of affliction. That is the right kind of gold. He says, "But what kind of gold does the church have today?" It has but the worldly gold that will perish. Think about it. When you die, what are you taking with you? Once again, I've made it very clear. I'm for you getting a good education or getting a good job and and working to provide and having nice things. We're for that. I pray those things work out for you. But when you die, you're taking none of that with you. You're taking none of it with you. There's only one thing you can take with you. One thing that'll go with you beyond this place, and that is your character. And then will it been? You got to ask yourself this question. Is my character the character of a soft leotan that gets offended by every little thing? Have I been molded once again by what Leodysa says is normal? Have I been molded by movies and books and and social media? Is that what's molding me? Or is mine the character of Jesus Christ that's been molded in trials and molded in temptations and molded in battles and in every situation? I didn't get offended or hurt when the word came and chasened me when the word came and rebuked me. Did I allow that to mold my character? Did I let the potter take the clay and break it apart and put it back together again? because that's the only thing you can take with you is that character. He says, "You had better come before it's too late, sayeth the Lord, and buy of me gold tried in the fire, and then you will be truly rich." That's the only way. You want to be rich, be born again. There is no other richness like that. There is no other peace like that. There is no other joy like that. be born again and and to have a family serving God and a marriage built on Jesus Christ. You want to be rich? That's true riches in this day. All the money and the houses and degrees and diplomas, it's all going to burn. But that is eternal. He says, listen to me. Are we getting it? Naked we came into the world, but naked, he says, spiritually we will not leave it. Oh no. We're going to take something with us. What that something is, all we can take with us. Nothing less and nothing more. So, we had better be real careful now to see that we take something that will make us right before God. So, then what will we take with us? We will take our character, brother. That is what we will take with us. Now, what kind of character will you take with you? Will it be like his character who was molded by suffering in the fiery furnace of affliction? Or will it be the softness of this characterless Leodysian people? It is up to each one of us. For in that day every man will bear his own burdens. Buy of me gold tried in the fire. That the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth. The gold of God is Christlike character produced in the fiery furnace of affliction. That is the right kind of gold. First Peter 5 and 10. But the God of all grace who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus after that you have suffered a while make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you. He says, "You had better come before it's too late, sayeth the Lord, and buy of me gold tried in the fire that you will be truly rich." I want to remind you again tonight, we're not saying that if you're in a lay and lukewarm condition that it's too late for you. He's calling even tonight. Come tonight and buy gold tried in the fire. Come tonight and make your calling and election sure. Come tonight and say, "Lord, I've been wrong. I've been soft. I've been lazy. I've been lukewarm. I want that fire and that zealous. I want it once again burning in my life and in my heart. He says, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous therefore and repent." Prophet God says to rebuke is to reprove. To reprove is to expose with a view to correction. Chasen does not mean to punish. It means to discipline because the subject's amendment is in mind. In other words, God doesn't punish or or doesn't chasen to punish you. He doesn't rebuke to punish you. He does it because he wants to make you better. He wants you to come out as gold. Come out as pure gold. And he's saying, "Be zealous, therefore, and and repent. I I rebuke and I chasen those that I love. Listen, don't don't get offended when the minister's preaching and he starts hammering on things that you know you've been doing. Don't don't be like Cain and get all upset, but examine yourself. That's what we come to the house of God for. Sometimes we we we forget that correction begins the house of God and and our mindset gets a little warped. Sometimes we're twisted. There's many times, man, the preaching goes forth and it's joyful and it's exuberant and people run and shout and man, it's awesome. And we leave and go, man, that was awesome. That was a good service. But how many times do you come to a service where the preacher stomps on your toes the whole time and rebukes and rebukes and rebukes and we meet in the line and they go, "That was awesome." Why do we look at it that way? Because we all like we all like to be told you're going to make it. You're an overcomer. You're the bride. You're gonna But none of us like to hear how to be molded into that. Not to make light of it, but but we all look at ourselves. Let me back up a minute. Let me talk about me. I look at myself and go, "Man, I would love to be 40 pounds lighter, but I don't want to talk about what it's going to take to get there." You understand? There there there's things that you have to give up. There's sacrifice. There's hardships. There's work. There's things you got to do. There's things you got to lay down. And yeah, God comes and says, "You're going to make it. You're an overcomer. You're called to this age. You're the bride of the age." But then he may come back the very next service and say, "It's time to quit this nonsense and quit playing games and quit skipping church and quit feeding on this and quit feeding on that and quit having a bad attitude." And and you're sitting there going, "I thought you wanted to be the bride. It excited you last service. Why does he do that? Do you really think as men of God, we want to get up here and do that? I much prefer people to be going, "Yay!" But God moves in ways sometimes and puts things on your heart and says, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. I mold them into the image so that they can be exactly what I already know they're going to be. But I'm going to put them through this process so they come out as pure gold. Amen. He says to his own, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. To rebuke is to reprove." In other words, he's just looking to in to improve who you are. Says, "Be zealous and repent." This was very interesting. And I know we have a skit, so maybe I'll I'll begin to wind this up. Says, "Be zealous and repent." And then Brother Brown makes this statement. See if I can find it here. Here it is. He says, "But God is calling for another zeal." He says, "There's plenty of people zealous about church." Plenty of people in the denomin denominations are zealous. Plenty of people, they're zealous. He said, "But they're zealous for the wrong thing." He says, "God is calling for another zeal. It is the zeal to cry, "I am wrong." Boy, we all love saying that, don't we? I'm wrong. Don't get to the place, and we're just going to sit here for a second. Don't get to the place where saying, "I'm wrong" is a hard thing. Don't get to the place where I'm sorry is a hard thing because it'll affect way it'll affect your whole life. It'll affect your relationship with friends. It'll affect your marriage. It'll affect your relationship with your children. It'll affect your job. Self-reflect. Be willing to say, "I'm wrong." Be willing to look at a situation. Oh, here's the one people love. This is a little bit of me. Okay? So, if you don't like it, throw it away. That's fine. Be willing to find your wrong in every single situation, even when you're right. My kids can testify to this and my kids hate this. But the very first thing we're going to talk about in any situation is what' you do wrong. You come in my house and you just got punched in the nose and you're bleeding and you're screaming. They hit me. I'm go, "What'd you do?" Every time. every time. My daughter tells me all the time, "You've never once took my side on anything." And I say, "And I don't plan to." You're going to find you're wrong in the situation. Then we'll deal with the rest of it. I don't care how disrespected you've been. I don't care how ugly someone has been to you. I don't care how mistreated you've been. Find the part in the situation you could have handled better every time. I'm just talking from me. I've told you you can throw this away. If I've ever had a run in with my kids and it turned into an issue, the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to examine it. I'm going to find places I could have handled it better and I'm going to go apologize to them before I expect them to apologize to me because I'm the adult. I set the example. I love that. You know, the adults are they owe me an apology. Have you taught them how? I apologize to my kids all the time. Even if it's not necessary, I find anything that I feel like I could have done better and I say, "Look, I'm sorry about I could have handled that. My tone could even if it's tone, I understand my tone was a little off right there." Why do you say that? Because you always want to be willing and able because I promise you, you'll never improve if it's always everybody else's fault. You'll never get better if it's always everybody else's fault. You'll never grow in God if you can't see your need. So why why why am I focusing that way? Because there's a lot of people who are really really really really great Christians probably so far beyond me. How do they continue to grow? By being willing to find where they could do things better. Don't ever get to the place you can't say, "I'm sorry." Do you know how many situations you can diffuse? Even if you're not really the one that needs to apologize, if you will start it, it even if it's really vague and it's not, hey, I'm sorry that all that just happened. That's pretty vague. I mean, it may be 100% wrong. the other person's fault that it happened. But you start with the attitude, I'm sorry that happened. You know, I'm sorry for any any role I played in that. Well, let's look at that. Let's apply that spiritually in our life. Not examine ourselves to beat ourselves down. I want to go back. We got faith in the seal. We're settled. We're at peace. But we want to grow. We want to progress. And you cannot grow and progress if you're not willing to self-reflect and and look at yourself in the mirror and not look in the mirror and go, "Man, I'm doing pretty good." As we jokingly say to one another, those of us who aren't exactly in the best of shape, we'll often say, "Hey man, you're looking great. Keep doing what you're doing." We're really not. But too many Christians look in the mirror and go, "I'm doing great. I'mma keep doing what I'm doing. Self-reflect. Be willing to humble yourself. God is calling for a zeal to cry, "I am wrong." It's very interesting when I read that. And as you can tell, it really struck me and it made me sit there and really think about it and ponder it. Christ outside the church. I'm going try to wrap this up. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me. Brother Brandham makes this very clear. He says, "A lot of people take this and make it an individual thing." He goes, "But this is a message to the church." He he said a lot of evangelists will take this and say this is Christ standing at your heart's door. He's saying but no this is quite obviously showing that this is Christ outside of his own church. And if you'll remember in our study, we go all the way back to the Ephesian age, the very first age, and you had the the deeds of the nickelans. And it became nickelanism. And it was just and it just began to worm its way into the church. And age after age, they drifted a little more, and they drifted a little more, and they drifted a little more to we end up in this age where we're at right now. And Jesus is on the outside of his own church, and he's knocking and he's calling and he's drawing. He says, "If any man," but he's been put out. The church he died for, the people he died for, the he's been put out to where he's not welcome there anymore. His word isn't welcome there. His miracles aren't welcome there. His presence isn't welcome there. Oh, I pray that never be said about evening like tabernacle. May Jesus always be welcome in this place. May we always be willing to move in his presence and to hear his word and do what his word says and be willing to say, "I'm wrong." Be willing to be called. Be willing to be drawn. Be willing to be chasened. Be willing to be rebuked. Be willing to welcome him in his word. No matter how it comes forth, no matter what part. You can't just love parts of the word and not all of the word. Before the Passover, they had to roast the lamb. They had to eat the lamb. They had to eat all of it. The word comes forth and some parts make your belly bitter. But may it be welcome here just as well. May we welcome all the word and allow it to change our lives. Brother Brown says, "Oh elect of God, beware. Study closely. Be careful. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling. Rely upon God and be strong in his might. Your adversary, the devil, is even now going about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. Watch unto prayer and be steadfast. This is the end time. Both the true and the false vine are coming into maturity." He says, "But before the wheat matures, those ripened tears must be bound for the burning. This is the end time." He says, "This whole message has a summation as does every message in every age." In verse 22, it says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches." So this is the message to the church of the last age. This is the condition of the Leodysian church as it end as its end nears. It is not a personal message to one person. It is a spirit telling us where Jesus is. Christ has left the church. I just read that to you. Revelations 3:21. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame and am sat down with my father in his throne. Now, before we move on to Matthew, what he's talking about, the overcomer. I'm so thankful that there's an overcomer talked about to him that overcome it. That right there settles the issue. Somebody's going to overcome. Somebody's going to make it. And I believe we ought to have the attitude tonight. If it ain't nobody else going, I'm going. You got to make it that sure. It ain't that I'm against y'all. I'm just making my calling and my election sure. So I know that I know that I know. I can't speak for you, but I'm going to be him that overcomemeth. And that needs to be each and one of our attitudes where we settle the issue. And brother Brown says it doesn't matter what you're supposed to overcome. He says that's not the thought of this verse. It's not so much what he says but how are we overcoming? How? He says how did Eve fall? Eve fell because she's got away from the word. He says she took another idea. She took another thought. She began to look at what the world thought was normal instead of coming back to the word. He says, "But if that's how Eve fell, how did Jesus overcome?" He overcame by the word. It tells us about in Matthew and he says, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." And I'm telling you, young people tonight, cast down your ideas. Cast down your thinking. Cast down the influences that have made you think the word is old-fashioned and out ofd and and no longer matters anymore. If you're going to overcome this age, you're going to overcome it by sticking to the word. And the word says you must be born again. If you're going to overcome, you're going to overcome by the new birth and by feeding on the word and growing in the word and progressing in the word. That's how we're going to make it. That's how we're going to overcome. That's why the word was restored. And with the restored word came a restored power. And you have that power living on the inside of you tonight. And allows you to be the overcomer that will sit on the throne with Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. He says, "Now then there will not be one person who will sit in the throne of the Lord Jesus Christ unless he has been living that word. your prayers, your fasting, your repentances, no matter what you present to God, none of that will gain you the privilege of sitting in that throne, it will be granted only to the word bride. Then finally, we come to the consummation of the ages. This quote just struck me as so final when I read it. There's just a finality to it. He says, "This age is the last of the seven church ages. What began in the first or the Ephesian age must and will come to full fruition and harvest in the last or leodysian age. The two vines will yield their final fruit. The two spirits will terminate their manifestation in each of their final destinations. The sewing, the watering, the growing is all over. Summer is ended. The sickle is now thrust into the harvest. He says in this, the mystery of the tears and of the wheats, he said, is is is revealed. And I'm not going to go through all this, but you know that the parable while the man slept, his enemy came and swed tears. And he says, "When the blade sprung up and it brought forth fruit, and the servants came and said unto him, did thou not sow good seed?" And he said unto them, "An enemy had done this." And he says, "Shall we go gather them up?" He says, "Nay, lest while you gather up the tears, you root up the wheat also." So he lets it grow together. Two vines, two seeds all the way down through the ages. true vine, false vine, true church, false church. But at the end of the age, at the end of the age, he says, "The wheat and the tears which came from the first age until now have grown side by side or harvested. No longer will the wheat and the tears grow side by side. No longer will the tears receive the blessing of God just because of the presence of the wheat. For the wheat will be gone and the wrath of God will be poured out upon the tears. He says, "Harvest time." Yes, harvest time. The two vines that grew together and intertwined their branches will now be separated. The fruits of those vines which were at such variants will be gathered into separate garners. The two spirits will go their separate destinations. Now it is time to heed the final call that comes only to the wheat bride. Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye, the wheat, receive not her the tears plagues. Think about it. The tears have reached full maturity, but that's not the whole picture I want to focus on tonight. If the tears have reached full maturity, then so has the wheat. There is a wheat bride. There is a full word bride standing on the earth today. And brother Brandham says, "If this is true, then it's also true that the bride church will mature and her ripeness shall be in identification with her Lord by means of the word and her head who will come to her is the mystery of godliness which is Christ." He says, "And as the false church with all cunning and diabolical power made up of political force and physical force and demons of darkness has come against this true vine, the true vine with the fullness of the spirit and the word will do the very acts of power that Jesus did." Then as she nears her headstone, becoming like him through the word, Jesus will come that the bride and the groom may be forever united as one. church, we're at that place where Jesus Christ is to be manifested out of our lives. And I realize that that it's not just going to be me doing all the works of Christ. And it's not just going to be you doing all the works of Christ, but it's it's this seed gene. It's this attribute. And it's this one here in Louisiana and some in Texas and some in in Virginia and some in Tennessee, some all over the world, but each one doing their little part. And as the tears are coming up a and they're a manifestation of who their father is, there's another group on earth today who is a manifestation of all that Jesus Christ is. And they're manifesting his love and his forgiveness and his overcoming power and his healing and his deliverance. Why? Because she is him. Think about that tonight. If she is him and you are she, what does that say about who you are? You are made of deity. You are made of the same material as Jesus Christ was. And just as he perfectly manifested the father, this broad body will perfectly manifest the Lord Jesus Christ in this day upon the earth. Why don't you put that in Satan's face tonight? He says, "You're not going to make it. You're not going to overcome. You can't not make it. You are made of deity. You are made of the same material as Jesus Christ is made of." That's who you are. You can't miss the rapture. You are the rapture. And it's rapture time. It's harvest time. That's where we're standing. The last warning. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Will you bow your heads with me this evening? Prophet of God says, "This is the last warning." Just listen. This is the last warning. There will not be another. The throne room has been set up. Oh, hallelujah. The 12 foundations have been laid. The streets of gold have been paved. The gates of gigantic pearls are raised and hinged like a pyramid. She stands so fair and glorious. The heavenly beings who have prepared her watch breathlessly. For she glistens and shines with a glory that is unearly. Every facet of her beauty tells a story of amazing grace and Jesus love. She is a city prepared for a prepared people. She awaits only for her inhabitants. And soon they will throng her streets with joy. Yes, it is the last call. The spirit will not speak in another age. The ages are over. We've reached the end of the ages. And I don't just mean in a church age study. You've reached the end of the ages. Time is not going to go on. It may go on a few more years. There there may be. We don't know that. But this is the final age. It's been vindicated. It's been shown. God has come down and proven it by his word. This is the final call. You're a part of the final call. As a matter of fact, you're supposed to be a part of the voice giving the final call, the final voice to the final age. Do you have gold that's been tried in the fire? Have you been seeking after the right kind of gold? He says, "Come to me. Turn away from all the stuff you've been seeking after. Turn away from all the things you've been pursuing. turn away from from all the things you've been feeding on that's been changing your ideas. He said, "Come to me tonight and buy of me gold tried in the fire that you might have eternal life." I'll just say it like this. The time you spend on this earth will be the shortest amount of time that you live anywhere. Make sure. Just make sure. I love y'all so much. You're such a wonderful group of people. Such a wonderful group of young people. You make me proud. You make Evening Light Tabernacle proud. You are a shining light, lighting up this community. But I'm talking about you right now. Your heart as an individual is the Gold Tribe. Will it pass the test? Don't show up that day with fool's gold. Don't show up that day with a run and a shout. Don't show up with a dance or a youth camp experience. But show up with a character that has been molded by Jesus Christ. Show up. Show up like him because you've allowed him to rebuke. You've allowed him to chasen. And you didn't have Cain's attitude, but you said, "Be it unto me, Lord. Change me, Lord. Show me where I can be better." And with that attitude, he's the master craftsman. He will mold you. Listen, this ain't about being a conformist. This ain't about rules and regulations. I don't want to take away your individuality. We're all different, but he wants to mold you into his image, the best version of who he intended you to be. Let him do that tonight. You be willing to raise a hand to God and say, "God, I need more of you. I need that gold. I need to be trout. I need to be changed. I need to be molded. Help me." What we really all need tonight is an attitude adjustment that we're willing to be molded because we all want to be the final product. But Lord, let me be willing to go through what I got to go through to be that final product. Lord, help me. Father, you see every hand, every heart. Lord, I just want to thank you for the opportunity to speak to these people. Lord, what a privilege and an honor to stand before a purchase, a piece of that purchase of the blood of Calvary. Lord, I just pray tonight. Lord, you saw, you knew you were in it. Lord, I thank you that you came and spoke. That you came and anointed and you touched hearts and spoke to lives. Now, Lord, may we all take and apply what we've heard. May we allow the word to change us. Allow the word to mold us. Lord, I don't want to be found, Lord, without your character. I don't want to be found on that day standing with but Lord, I preached, but but Lord, I prayed for people, but but Lord, because Lord, I see in the word where there'll be those that say that and you say depart. Lord, I don't want to hear depart. I want to hear, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." And the only way is have a character that matches your character and a life that matches your life. And you've offered it, Lord. I just say, "Help us all to receive it. Help us all to walk in it, Lord. Change us. Forgive us of our failures. Forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord, and mold us, Father. Lord, we commit this time into your hands as we go from here and we we go to this skit, Lord. Help each one of these young people, Lord. Many of them put in so much time and so much effort. Lord, may you be involved and may you use it for your glory. May you use this whole night for your glory. Lord, we commit it to you now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Conserve me, Lord, and make me more light. Oh, break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my love. Oh, can you just truly tell them, "I want to be used. Lord God. Oh, just lift your hand to him. Tell him that now. Say, "Consue me, Lord, with the fire of your spirit. Conserve me, Lord, and make me warm." Oh, if you have to break me, Lord. Oh, bless the broken pieces of my life. Oh, I want to be you, Lord. Oh, can we just all stand together now? Sing that to him. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my [Music] life. Oh Lord my you and come quench this thirsting. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am. Way. Oh, just tell him that again. Say, "Come quench this thirst." Oh Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my You're the only one, the one who can fill me. Oh, here I am. waiting. Oh, come quench this thirsting. Lord, I am I am ready. Oh, come fill my heart. And you are the only one who can fill me. Here I am. Oh come fill my heart. Come fill my life. I am in complete. Oh, let your love shine down on me. I need you more. Lord, I confess. I need more of you and nothing less. Come quench this thirsting. Oh, here I am. Oh, come fill my heart. And you are the only one who can fill me. Here I am way. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am. Oh, come fill my heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you enjoy the word tonight? Amen. It's wonderful. Amen. And how many can say, "I'm going to rejoice no matter what the what the service says. If it lifts me up, if it comes right down my alleyway and says, "You need to change." I want to rejoice in the correction, I want to rejoice in the freedom. Amen. Whatever it would be. Amen. The song would say, "Let the church say amen." Let the church say amen. Whatever it is God has spoken. Oh, let the church say [Laughter] amen. Oh, can you just say that before we go tonight? Oh, and let the church say amen. Oh, let the [Music] church amen. I know God has spoken. So, let the church say, "Amen." Amen. and you're dismissed to the fellowship hall. [Music]
