################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Bro Thomas Byler • 4/30/25 • Wed • God's Courthouse - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   Bro Thomas Byler • 4/30/25 • Wed • God's Courthouse
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKot5rUh368
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Come. Oh. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Little drop. [Music] My sins have been washed from his memory by The blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memorories by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgive. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. The blood of the lamb of [Music] Calary. He has forgiven me. Amen. I'm thankful for that this evening. Amen. Welcome everybody to the house of the Lord and hope you're all doing well today. May you come expecting this evening. Amen. Let's stand and let's sing that song. Who I am, Lord, who I am. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and he made my heart and his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. And on Calvary he died to redeem his lost bride. The King of Kings became my Savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I [Music] am, who I can see now, who I am. Oh, I'm a part of my Savior. I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Let's sing that second verse one more time. On Calary he died and to redeem his lost bride, the King of Kings, he became my Savior. This is God's great [Music] mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh I am Lord. Oh who I am. Oh, I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior. I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Who I am. Oh, yes. Who I am, Lord. know who I am. Oh, I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior. I'm a part of his word. It's a [Music] revelation of who I am. [Music] Amen. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed that you care. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed at how you care. And through your preious blood I found [Music] pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed. amazed that you love me. I'm amazed at how you care. And through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I believe that you love me. Oh, I believe Lord that you love me. And I believe that you care. [Music] Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Amen. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Amen. And oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the [Music] king. And his royal blood it now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. And once I was clothed in the racks of my sin, wretched and poor, lost and lonely within, but with wonderous compassion, the King of all kings. In pity and great love, he took me under his wings. And oh yes, oh yes, I'm a child of the king. and his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and found now conceive. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. And now I'm a child with a heavenly home. My holy father has made me his own and I'm cleansed by his blood and I'm clothed in his love and someday I'll sing with all the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king for his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king and his royal blood. It now flows through my veins and I was wretched and thou now can see. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the [Music] King. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Oh, thanks for that special night. When I saw your glorious life, I came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank you. Sing the chorus again. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Oh, thanks for that special night. When I saw your glorious light, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord Lord, I thank thee. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. And we're going to go to prayer at this time. Amen. We have no written prayer requests this evening. Amen. Brother Danny, brother Michael, John, and brother Caleb, if you'd come this evening, take up the offering. Amen. Isn't it good to worship the Lord tonight? Amen. Brother Brad, if you'd just come open the service on a word of prayer this evening. Amen. How many has a need tonight? There's just a special presence in the building tonight. And no matter what you come for, God's here to meet that need. If you're hungry, he's will feed you. If you need deliverance, he'll deliver you. If you need healing, he'll heal you. So, whatever you have need of, there's a presence here that will take care of your needs. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight with thankful hearts just to be into your building and that you've chosen us before the foundation of the world, Father. And Lord, we just want to be able to take this time just to pour out to you and and just to invite you uh in in a mighty way into our hearts tonight. We feel your presence amongst us in the building through the songs of worship and the hungering hearts, Lord, that that that that's come here tonight, Lord. And you see the needs of your people and our needs are many. You saw the hands all over the building. I don't know each need, but Father, you knew them before before they knew them. You knew what we would have need of. So Lord, we just ask tonight with you being the creator and the maker, Lord, that you would just breathe the breath of life over us tonight, Lord. whatever we would have need of. If it's healing, if it's deliverance, whatever it is, Lord, if there's somebody that's backslid or cold on you, Father, we just ask that you would just meet those needs tonight. And Lord, as we take up this offering tonight, we ask, Lord, that you would just bless those that can give and those who cannot alike, Father, be with our pastor tonight as he comes and spreads the word before us, Lord, and that the table has been spread. And we just ask that he would just be able to come and deliver with uncction and power and authority of the Holy Ghost. That you would just speak through him tonight and that our ears would be receptive to receive it down in our hearts. Father, we love you, Lord, with all of our hearts and just give you honor, praise, and glory and the for the service that we're to have tonight. Lord, in your precious name, we ask these things. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Brad. and the choir is going to come sing for us this evening. So, if they'd come and get ready, let's just sing that chorus. One of them, one of them as they come [Music] tonight. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of [Music] them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. [Music] [Music] This looks impossible, but you're the God of impossible. And I've seen your faithfulness all over my life. life. I need a miracle. But you're the God of mirales. Some way, somehow you come through every time. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it before I see my way through. I'm going to choose to praise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can't be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. [Music] In the middle of my no way out. In the middle of I don't know how I hear you whisper to me, "Peace be still." This is why I believe that you will deliver me. You always have and you always will. You always have and you always will. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. Before I see my breakthrough, I'm going to ask you to praise you. I'll sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can't be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. And I won't wait till the rocks cry out. I'm going to praise you. I won't wait till the walls come down. I'm going to praise you. Going to lift my hands right here, right now. I'm going to praise you. Oh God, I praise you. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. Before I see my breakthrough, I'm going to choose to praise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can't be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. Before I see my breakthrough, I'm going to choose to praise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. [Applause] Amen. Do you enjoy that? Amen. We serve an awesome God. Amen. Let's stand and sing that this evening as Brother Ber comes to minister the word. My God is awesome. My God is awome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. hide me from the rain. My God is awome. He heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. My God is awesome. He's awome. He's so awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh, [Music] awome. He's awome, Lord. You're awesome. My God is awesome. The savior of the whole world. The giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. My God is awome. Today I am forgiven. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. And my God is awome, Lord. You're awome. He's so awome, Lord. You're awome. My God is awesome. He's awesome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awesome. Can we sing that second verse one time? My God is awome. The savior of the whole world. the giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. My God is awesome. Today I am for his grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Oh my God, it is awesome. He's so awome. [Music] Awesome. Amen. Isn't God awesome? Praise the Lord. Give God a hand tonight. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's worthy of praise, isn't he? Amen. He's a great God. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see so many out on a Wednesday night. We got a good crowd tonight, Brother Brad. Amen. Praise the Lord. God rich blessingly your heart. Richly bless your heart. I think that'll be all for the music. Thank you musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless each one for coming out today. Amen. And we are certainly just enjoying getting into the spring weather. Amen. Or late spring actually. Almost starting to get a little warm. Amen. But we're appreciative. Certainly glad to see that 70s weather. I love it. 7050 iss good. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So this evening with the help of the Lord, we want to try to speak on Amen. Um God's courthouse. God's courthouse. Amen. And so it's still kind of an offshoot of our first uh message from Easter. Amen. And it has to do with basically uh those who um reject God's mercy. Amen. Those who reject God's mercy and what he did for them. Amen. And so, Amen. And I was kind of going to go in that certain line, but we just try to follow the leading of the spirit with his help. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads and go before the author. Lord Jesus, we come before you, God, and knowing God that you're the author, the finisher of our faith, and you are the author of this book that we're about to open. And we ask, God, that the Holy Spirit would just take, Father, and open the words to us and the understanding of it. Lord, help me never not to say anything wrong, Lord Jesus, but that which is correct, Lord. And father, anoint me, Lord Jesus, to be able to speak it in the manner that it should be spoken, Lord. And Lord, just so to speak, help me to be a burning fire for you, Lord Jesus. As your word has said, he makes his ministers flames of fire, Lord Jesus. And we so we ask God you'd help me to get out of the way and be what I should be Father so that we could properly do this and Father present it to the people in the manner Lord as would be pleasing to you Father and that would go to hearts that need this Lord. We believe God that we have hearts here tonight and each one of us no doubt would have needs and you know just what that is Lord. So we ask your help Lord tonight now as we try to do this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? Let's get right into it. Amen. And Amen. because Amen. I have quite a bit and I don't want to go too long. Amen. But Amen. It will probably be at least my full hour. Amen. We'll see. Amen. Amen. So, if you will turn your Bibles tonight, we'll go to re book of Revelations. I'm just going to go ahead and read some of these scriptures because most likely if I don't, Amen. I won't get to it. Amen. Revelations 20. Revelations 20. Amen. God's courthouse. That's quite a topic, isn't it? Amen. Amen. How can how can uh the church of God be God's hospital? Amen. We preached that the church is God's hospital Sunday. Is that right? And now we're going to make it God's courthouse. Amen. God's courthouse. Amen. And we'll try to pull that together for you. Amen. So you'll understand. Revelations 20 and verse 11. And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away, and there was found no place for them. And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the books were opened. And another book was open, which is the book of life, and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it. And death and hell delivered up the dead that were in it. And they were judged, every man, according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. Amen. Let's go to another one if we could. Let's go to um first Peter. First Peter. Actually, let's go versus St. John 16 if you will. St. John 16 and then we'll go to second Peter or Peter 1 Peter 4. Okay. St. John 16 and verse 7. Amen. And this is kind of where I got my thought. Amen. When I was speaking to you about the comfort of the Holy Spirit that God has sent to us. Amen. To give us comfort. Ain't that right? Amen. And then it says something in there that kind of uh Amen. just kind of extended this that I wanted to get into. Amen. in a couple of pages that I didn't have amen time to get into. Nevertheless, verse 7, nevertheless, I tell you the truth. He says, "It is expedient for you that I go away. If I go not away, the comforter will not come unto you. But if I depart, I will send him unto you. And when he is come, Amen." Now, notice what this comforter will do. This comforter, when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin. Amen. So, it's not just to give you comfort, but discomforter will speak. Isn't that right? It'll speak of sin and of righteousness and of judgment. Amen. Notice how it has all three of those. Of sin because they believe not on me. Of righteousness because I go to the father and ye see me no more. Of judgment because the prince of this world is judged. 1 Peter 4, 1 Peter 4 and verse 17, it says it this way. For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God. And if it first begin at us, where shall be the end of them that obey not the gospel of God. You can be seated. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. Brother Bam says it this way. He says, "Now in this study, my purpose, my purpose of this is not just to come here to fellowship with you people, which I love to do that. If I had a chance to do that, I would come to your house. I'd shake your hand and talk with you and sit down, eat dinner with you, and sit under the shade tree and talk." Amen. And fellowship a while. But when we come here, we are here for one specific purpose. This is the house of correction. This is the throne. Amen. And judgment goes forth from the house of God. And here's where we come together, gather in love with one another as only Christians can do. Amen. We are here to take reckoning among oursel to see where our short places are, our shortcomings and how we can catch from where we should be over here to where we ought to be. Amen. Amen. Where we ought to be. And that's what we study. Ministers study those places. Amen. So we want to start by saying we realize and we're real grateful to understand understand the purpose of humanity. Amen. And that everybody according to the prophet of God I won't pull all these quotes up but we know that brother Bam said that every child when it is born God begins a recorder of that little baby. Amen. That's right. You know, we're living in a world where everybody has a iPhone and nobody can't do nothing. Even the cops have got these little cameras and so forth, you know, so they'll can record it. Is that right? Because I'll tell you what, it'll stand up in court when you've got a recording. I got it on video. I got it on video. I got it on tape. You know, and so it's a real, you know, and brother Bam said, you know, that God does the same thing that he records all the way from the beginning to the end. He records everything we do. Amen. And like I said, the the uh the the part of judgment I want to talk really I want to speak of two judgments if I can with the help of the Lord. Amen. We know that this one judgment is of course at the end of the thousand-year reign. There's a thousand years. Amen. The millennium will happen. All of those lost folks. Amen. That don't go in the rapture. How many know they don't come up till after the thousand years? That's the white throne judgment. Amen. But there's another judgment that's going on right here. Amen. Tonight, we're here, like brother Bam said, to reckon. Amen. Take reckoning of ourselves. Amen. Take reckoning of ourselves. So, this is the house of God's judgment. Amen. And the thing I want to bring out is we realize that every motion, every uh every uh color, the color of the clothes that you wear, in other words, I believe what the prophet was trying to say that whenever God plays this record in heaven, it's going to be in color. How many believes it'll probably be very much in high death? Yeah, it'll be high def. you know, it'll be very, very clear. Amen. It ain't going to have these uh like they used to have when you watch TV, you know, and the screen that go blank and everything. You can't have a judgment with that going on, right? It'll all be clear. That's right. It'll all be very clear on that day. And the humanity, what they don't understand is that they you will have to give an account for everything that you have ever done. said, every deed, every emotion, every thought that has ever went through your mind, it has to be answered for. How many believe that you are accountable? People don't think that they're accountable. Our judges nowadays let them get away with just about everything. But that judge, he's not going to let nobody get away with anything. Amen. It causes something. And I always just want to start with this. You know, uh, brother Bam, he makes us makes a statement, you know, when he was preaching, I believe in, uh, when he preached on Jonah and how that man and, you know, how he sherks responsibilities. Ain't that right? When he preached Jonah and how he went to Tarsus instead of Nineveh the way he was supposed to, he goes some other way. And we as human beings, we like to sh the responsibility. Amen. People like to sherk the responsibility. Amen. But you can't. There's something that you can't sherk. God forces responsibility upon us. Amen. You want to get married? Wonderful. Guess what? You're going to have more responsibility. It's all responsible. Brother Bam talked about get married, have children, everything and all the smudge and everything else that comes along with it. Amen. Life in general is a responsibility. Young kids, listen. Thank God. If your parents teach you to work and and so forth. Amen. Amen. I was told the other day that little eml made the family supper. Little eml making the family supper. I was like, "Yeah, yeah. I'll tell you what, that's what we need to have doing them little kids. have them know how to make supper long before six me six years into their marriage and finally be able to how to cook a hot dog. Learn responsibility a little early. Are you with me? But whether you like it or not, guess what? You have the responsibility of when you grew up, you're going to have to get a job. You're going to have to make a living or you're going to have to be a bum. You got to make a choice of what you're going to be. That responsibility is on you. Amen. And it creates a pressure. Amen. So we know that that whether man wants that ad minute or not, whether they want to sherk that responsibility, Amen. They still have to make a choice and it's on them and they're going to have to give an answer for it. Brother Bam says, you know, man is forced to make a decision. I mean, we got you got there's the time you've got to make decisions. Man was forced. Amen. In the first days of Christ, Amen. What was they forced to do? They were forced first to accept him or reject him. He showed all of his signs, his seal, his messiahship. Amen. By just exactly what the Bible said he would do and so forth. And they had to make a choice. Listen, he says they were forced to make a decision. They could not hold it any longer. Amen. And neither can the Pentecostal church or the Baptist or the Presbyterian, the Holy Ghost. Christ is arisen and he's in the church. Amen. How many believes that? There's no denying it. Those signs, those wonders, you got to say yes, it's of God or it's no of God. You got to make a choice. You got to make a judgment. You got to decide. You're responsible. Every age was responsible. So the bad thing to do is to face up to responsibility. Praise the Lord. Amen. See, they refused his messiahship when he showed them that he was Messiah. But they were forced to say something. And so are they today turning it down, won't sponsor it, washing their hands from it. The decision is forced upon them. There's no middle road. We're at the end time. Man's forced to receive it or to reject it. Amen. You've got to accept it or you've got to turn it away. It's forced upon America. It's forced upon the Brandham Tabernacle. It's forced upon the Pentecostal Methodist. forced everywhere. You have to take it or you got to leave it. God is confirming his word, showing signs, backing his ministry. Amen. Showing exactly what he is, proving that he is alive and well. Amen. So we are forced. We have a responsibility. I called it we have the responsibility of accountability. Accountability is responsibility. When you let your kids get away with everything all their life, they won't amount to hill of beans. You can't let them get away with That's why sometimes you got to take the sick to them and you got to take, you know, and really teach them, hey, when you do something like that, there's consequences. That's why we got the renegades that we got today. They don't think there's any consequences. Amen. That's right. But there is. You got to take that responsibility. Praise the Lord. Now, as we come into this courthouse, let's talk about coming into the courthouse. When you come into this courthouse, it's quite unique. And I want to ask you this question. When you come into this courthouse, who's the judge? Who is the judge in this courthouse? Because when we come into this courthouse, we come into the courthouse knowing that we are guilty. For all men have sinned and come short of the glory of God. Amen. Come short of the glory of God. Don't say that you're not. You are. You're guilty. Everybody comes to courthouse. Otherwise, you wouldn't have to go to a courthouse. Amen. Why do you think people don't like to go to church? People don't like to have their toes stepped on. And I just want to say something. You know, it's something about Christians. We as Christians don't mind going to church. And we don't mind being corrected because we know that all of our deeds, you don't get away with anything. You don't get away with no secret sin. You don't get away with one secret thought. You don't get away with it. No. So I want to say this evening that the judge the judge in this courthouse is you. You are the judge. Kind of different. You think, well, God is the judge. No, God's already judged you. Ain't that right? I mean the law has already condemned you. The devil wants to damn you to hell. Ain't that right? But Jesus said, God said uh he John said in this, let me just say read it here. Let's see what Jesus said here. What his judgment is. John 3, very familiar scripture. You see, when you come in here, it says God so loved the world. He loves you that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn it, not to bring it to judgment or to damn it. He came to save it, but that the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. And this is the condemnation that light is coming to the world and men love darkness rather than light because their dearings are evil. That's the judgment. That's where the judgment lays is light has come. salvation has come and people would rather not take it not accept that we as human beings whether you're in a war whether it's George Washington crawling crossing the Delaware at night and finding any means whether it's through uh what do you call it uh I forget what kind of tactics they use rebel tactics or you you know, just hitting them here and there instead of head head on. Anything human beings, you take you take any real desperate situation in human beings and human lives and and the people that'll risk their lives to try to save somebody. And you know, we're we're survivors. We're heroic when it comes to surviving. But when it comes to saving our own lives, when it comes to people caring about their life, they're not so much. Amen. Cuz how many know we know that there's only salvation through Jesus Christ? If they knew that there's only salvation through Jesus Christ and that he died for them on Calvary so that they would not have to perish. If they would realize they could have ever your life depends on it. Care about it. You got to care. Brother Brandham even preached a message. He cares. Do you care? I want to see. He cared. Now it's your turn to care. Even in that message, Brother Bam says, "When you care, he cares. But if you don't care, he don't care." Huh? He put it that way. He says, "You got to care." He believe it's a correct quote. You got to care first, then he'll care because he already cared. You've got to be concerned about yourself. And only Christians are coming on a Wednesday. Only real Christians, amen, will will hear about a a pillar of fire or a prophet or or whatever and say, "Really, God did something like that?" Everybody else, "Well, my church don't teach that." What about all the miracles, the dead that are raised? Is that right? Jesus said in his hour, Amen. He said in his hour, you can't believe me, believe the works that I do. I'm not going to have time. But anyway, over in Matthew 11 in verse 16 is where we started from. He was talking about the children sitting in the markets and calling to their fellows. And two scriptures later, he began to upgrade the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done because they repented not. Amen. So if you'll notice that even Jesus after preaching, he kind of preached judgment also. Ain't that right? When he when they were rejected, when he was rejected, he preached judgment. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how I would have hovered thee and taken you under my wings as a hand as a brood, but you would not. Now your house is left to you desolate. Isn't that right? But here he says up braided in the city wherein most of his mighty works were done because they repented not. Woe unto thee Corinth. Wo unto you besida for if the mighty works which were done in you had been done in Ty and Siden they would have repented long ago and sackcloth and ashes. And I say unto you, it shall be more tolerable entire and siden at the day of judgment than for you. And oh capernium, which are exalted to heaven. Remember said, oh Los Angeles, Los Angeles, that sends out all the filthy all over the world. How God would have taken you, but there's a great sandbar beneath you, judgment laying right beneath you. And he went on as I studied, he says, a lot of times a prophet will speak something and it won't happen for that generation. It'll happen way down the road, but it will happen. How many believes it's going to happen? Amen. Something I don't want to get into, but brother Bam talks about a temporary judgment. Ain't that right? Just like Martin Luther common, look at Germany. What happened to them? Look at the judgment come upon them. England, look at the judgment that come upon them. We've had a prophet in our generation for America. Where's our judgment? I'll tell you, it's in the hangers. It's waiting. Brother Brandham's seen it all burnt over as far as the eye could see. And he calls it a temporary judgment because on that great day is a great judgment. But when you turn down God's prophets and God's people, amen, you're in for judgment. But it's there. Listen, mighty works have been done. Think about it. It been standing. But it I say unto you, it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom. Sodom. Woo. Think about it. Then for thee, so even Jesus bringing a a judgment. I mean, after having preached to him, how many knows there's a penalty? You don't have to love the Lord. God wants you to love him. He sheds all of his love. He wants to love. He wants people to love him. But one thing's for sure, if you don't, you'll still pay. you'll still answer for all of your needs. Amen. Nobody's getting away with anything. Praise the Lord. All right. When I think and notice when I think of God's great program and to think that we poor, alienated, ungodly, undone sinners have the privilege of coming to his place and accepting him and becoming sons and daughters. My why, he says, it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that we'll have a body like into his own glorious body. What a wonderful thing. Eating and drinking just like he did. Now, God has made a preparation. Amen. How many knows God has made a way of escape? God has made a preparation. Amen. When he was going to destroy the first world, before he destroyed the world, he sent for the preparation for saving of the people that desired to be saved. He always does. 120 years of grace, 120 years of mercy. You realize it's been a if uh if you if we would say that brother Benham's ministry started when he was around 20 years old I think it's about when he got married and started preaching and so forth 1920 and and and uh not 1920 but 1930 because he was born in 1909 20 years later would be around uh around 1930. This is 2025. We put it at 95 years already. 95 years. It's been I wonder if God will let it go close to 120. I don't know. All I know is that those Jews that were born right around 1947. And so that generation shall not pass till all these things be fulfilled. And that's they're getting pretty old. I mean, it won't be much longer. We ain't got always going to come to the church on Wednesday night. Amen. One of these days it's going to be over. And we come here to search the heart, search the life, see God, is there any wicked way in me? If there is, take it out. Now, the peculiar thing about this judgment house and this judgment is that there's pardon. There's mercy in this judgment house. How many glad for that? That's right. There's mercy. There's a tub of bleach. There's a blood. God comes and says, "Yeah, you're guilty. You're a low down rotten sinner." Yeah, you got to confess. You say, "Yeah, that's right. I'm guilty. I'm guilty and I'm sorry that I'm guilty." A judge usually wants to judge usually looks for remorse in a person. And if he don't have remorse, he gives him the full sentence. How many believes God is looking for remorse? If you come and you are remorseful, you're sorry for your sins, and you're willing to repent, there's pardon for you. There's pardon for you in this jewel courthouse. No matter what the brother Joe Adams or anybody other preacher comes up here, Amen, and says things, Amen. Whether it's the clothes that you wear, the high heels that you have, to not cutting your hair or wearing makeup or shorts and all these other stuff. Hello. No matter what it is, there's mercy for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. How many knows Paul said, "Don't uh he said can I'll try to talk some here in a minute." First Corinthians, I believe it is. Dare any of you having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust and not before the saints. In other words, if you got a matter, bring it before the saints. Do you not know that the saints shall judge the world? Amen. How many believe that a saint is used to judging? You have to judge yourself. See whether you're in the faith or not. Judge yourself. see if you have any sin before taking a communion and so forth. Look at yourself. Judge yourself. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. So God says, if you'll judge yourself, you ain't got to be at the judgment because there's no condemnation to them that are get dipped in the blood. Brother Bannon, many times in St. John uh 5:14 I believe it was he says he that believeth my word amen has everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation shall not come to the judgment Daniel said he cometh with 10 thousands times 10 thousands of his saints to judge the world how many knows when God judges the world the bride is there with them I'll just say it comes to mind brothers said that a pastor of an area will judge that Lord help me. Lord help us, brother Brad. We're ministers, but he says you can't judge the smallest matter. Got some good stuff. Are y'all ready for it? Amen. Now notice, so we know that God made the preparation. He made everything ready. He did everything for us. Amen. Now notice to save those that desire to be saved. He always does it. He shows mercy before judgment. And if men burn mercy, there's only one thing left and that is judgment. And God don't judge you. You judge yourself. Right. Are y'all ready for some heavy stuff? Here it comes. Now, tonight when you talk about divine healing, you say, "Well, I don't believe it." Well, then you couldn't get healed. No way. There's no hope for you because you already judged yourself. Amen. When you reject Jesus Christ and Savior and God, you don't have to be judged. You're already judged. Your attitude towards God's provided way has judged you. It's not necessary that any man will go to hell. And God don't send no one to hell. You sent yourself to hell. Woo! What a courthouse. Don't don't don't don't ah that brother, that preacher stumbled me. That person stop. Don't give me no excuses. It's the blood of Jesus Christ that you got to accept. Amen. It's him that you got to go through. Amen. Praise be. You said yourself though. God's done everything in the world that he can do to keep you from going. To think about it. When you come into this courthouse, the devil says, "Well, now you know you're a sinner. You you know you you are not worthy to be forgiven. You're too rotten. You did it too many times. You're a sinner. you. He'll try to condemn you and God will say, you know, I know you're guilty. You're guilty as guilty can be, but guess what? We have one sitting over here at the mediator between God and man, and we've got a pardon for you. That's the kind of courthouse I like where there's pardon. Just go over there and get your pardon. We're standing on the steps of the courthouse, brother B. Hey, everybody. All you that have done wrong, all you cheaters, liars, thieers, adultery, committed, all of you, come on in here. This house has got pardon for all of you. Whosoever will, let him come. Whosoever believeth on him shall not be condemned. Come. There's a pardon. Come get your pardon. Come get your pardon. That's the kind of courthouse we have today. Amen. I like that courthouse. Praise the Lord. There's a bleach. There's a tub. Repent. You would think that if human beings were survivors, there'd be more Christians. You think this house was full? Our balcony should be full with who? All the Baptist, the Presbyterian, and all of them folks. Huh? when you come have show them that Jesus Christ came in our day and vindicated a prophet of God and told us the truth. But guess what? There's only one condemnation. Jesus said they love darkness rather than light. I got some heavy stuff for you. Listen to this. Oh my. All right. So, you send yourself to hell. God's done everything in the world he can do to keep you from going to hell. And he lets you determine to go to hell. You've got to determine yourself. You've got to by free moral agency make that judgment. Will I accept it or will I refuse it? Make a judgment. How many you got to you got to make that choice. Will I serve God or will I serve the devil? The devil voted against you. God votes for you. Now, which way do you judge? He's in that court house listening. Which way are you going to do? Do you know you're a judge? Would it be something to be a judge? Judge? Yeah, you are a judge. You have to judge because guess what? We're going to re we're going to end up in some destination somewhere. You will end up somewhere. And that somewhere is either in the lake of fire, eternal damnation, or in heaven. What if I told you or some purgatory over here where all of those that don't want the responsibility and just don't want to make a choice that God just puts them over there? You false prophet, lion, devil. is one or the other. You either end up in heaven or you end up in hell. Decide. You decide. Can you imagine God saying, "You decide." And he has. He has given you that choice. You're a free moral agent. Oh, aren't you glad that you have decided to follow Jesus? No turning back. No turning back. You take this whole world. Just give me Jesus. Amen. We care about every little thing about ourselves, don't we? You should. Every one of us should care about it because a lot of people just don't care. That's the problem with the world. They don't care about their soul. They don't care about how they live. They don't care how about they look. They sure don't care about how they dress. And no care about their soul. But you and I do when it comes to honesty and when it comes to caring about every little thing that you do. Remember, hope came back from heaven. And she said, "Honey, I got something to tell you." That time that I that you brought me those wrong socks, I never told you those was the wrong socks. I just want to tell you those were the wrong socks. All the way from heaven to tell him had the wrong socks. How many knows every deed is recorded? Every thought. A real Christian wants to be right. We want our sins open before God. Amen. That's right. First Timothy. First Timothy 5 and verse 24 says, "Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment, and some follow after." How many know that prophet taught us that you don't want to be the latter? No, I'd rather have him go first. Why? That's why we come now. Lord, Lord, I'm guilty. Lord, forgive me. Yeah, I admit it. But Lord, I want mercy. Well, there's mercy. Oh, Brother Bam says, "Man, there's only one way to stop that tape playing. Only one way to get rid of them sins, and that's to drop them in the blood of Jesus Christ. Drop them under repentance. Say, God, forgive me for that." Amen. only one way. And think about how that people will take every substitute to try to find some comfort, some peace. All them drugs, all the pleasures, all that they do to try to satisfy, to quench that thing, that that conscience of theirs, they just can't get away from it. I believe Brother Bam said, "You take the most cruel man when they come down to the door of death, they get sobered up. They recognize there's a God." Hello. If I'm I was thinking how that Hitler and and and here some of his lieutenants and how that they committed suicide thinking that that was their way of escape. They didn't escape anything. Amen. They might have escaped the United States. They might escaped the hanging. I'd imagine that Sinai was about as painful as anything. But the God that knows and sees, he'll call them back. Amen. Oh my. Okay. He let you determine whether you're going to go to hell or not. Wow. Lord help us. That ought to every young person because you got to make choices as you get old. You've got to make some choices. Where you where you going to end up at? Who are you going to serve? Whether or not you go to hell is up to you. In other words, he God said, "I've wrote to pardon. I've forgiven all if you'll accept it and you'll receive it the way that I give it to you." Now, it's up to you. Don't you think that ought to ring out in our White House? It ought to ring all across the world. You will determine where you spend eternity. Make your choice. Christ has done everything. He loves. He's not willing that any should perish. He's made every provision and he lays it in your lap. Now go ahead and decide. You judge yourself. Wow. See, you fight right over every barricade that God puts in your way. Amen. People just run over it. I was listening to warning in judgment and brother Brandon was speaking of I think it's Hezekiah if I'm not wrong that wanted 15 extra years. And brother Brandon makes a statement nobody God don't let anybody die without giving them a warning. He said, 'N nobody dies without giving them a warning. He says there's something God tells them, whether it's that still small voice, it may just be that still small voice and they say, "Ah, that ain't nothing. That's just me." And that's all the warning they got because they didn't listen to that. But God never takes a man to judgment before warning him first. Amen. But headlong the barricades, then he goes up. Talk about a red, there's a red light here at the city. It turns green, turns red, tells you when to stop, when to go. And if you run it, well, don't blame the city. They put the light up there for your protection. But if you run through it, that's up to you. You have brought your own judgment. And if you spurn mercy, the only thing that's left, that's judgment. How many know that there's only two choices except the mercy of God. Live eternally. What a good deal. Our God is awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Awesome. We can't say awesome enough that he would do something like that. Amen. So he says, listen, if you run that lit, don't blame the city. You should have stopped. If you wind up in hell someday, don't blame God. Is that something they're gonna people that are in hell, at least if they listen to me preach, these vo these these words will echo in their air. You had the choice. It was you. It was you your own self that put yourself in hell. I can't blame the devil. Well, the devil made me do it. No. God made you to vic He gave you the victory if you wanted it. Well, God did. No, God didn't. God did everything he could to keep you from it. How many knows that's the way it is in life? You want to be miserable, go ahead and be miserable. But if you want the peace of God in your heart, sometime people get so miserable in this life until they want to kill themselves. Why don't they just do what they should do and say, "God, I'm going to die to myself. help me to accept the way that you have made. And then I don't care if you're like Paul and man, you're stoned and you're you're uh all kinds of shipwreck and everything and miserable. You still say, "Amen. I thank God I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me. I have learned whatever state I am in to be content. He was happy no matter how much misery there was." Decide what world you want to live in. How many believes every one of us are amateur creators? I was on my own at 16 years old. I learned a long time ago that you got to create your own world. Huh? Get out there and do something and and and labor with your hands. Get you a paycheck and and and fend for yourself. But I couldn't fend for myself when it came to salvation. But when I heard the story of Jesus and how he's forgiven me, I thank God that he tugged on my heart and pulled me and said, "Son, where are you? Where are you?" I'm so glad I respond and say, "Here I am, Lord." Here I am. Hallelujah. We're creators. Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't If you end up in hell someday, don't blame God. He's waved everything across the front of you that he can possibly wave. Even the blood of his own son. Remember the question brother said he's going to ask somebody, everybody over there, uh, why why didn't you accept it? Why did you refuse it? He's never going to say like, "Look, I didn't do what I was supposed to do, so I'm just going to let you on in." God's never going to blame himself because he did everything he possibly could. For all of humanity. Think about it. The blood of his own son. And you've constantly waved right by it. Amen. How many knows God, the Holy Spirit speaks to our hearts more than we realize? He speaks to your heart, but you got to be listening, listening very intently because he does speak to our hearts. Amen. So he says constantly just the songs in the church, the preaching of the gospel, the reading of the word, signs and wonders before you, and still blindly just determined to go whether God stops you or not. God sends nobody to hell. You send yourself to hell by rejecting his son. That's what happens when you refuse what God done. God's law. You will give account for what you've done. There's no sherking your responsibility. You must answer. So let's say, Lord Jesus, I want to answer now. You get them preachers to preach and just as hard as they can. Whatever it is, Lord, that I shouldn't do that I'm doing, Lord, help take it away. That's what Brother Bam said at the beginning. Find out where we are and where we should be. That's why we come to examine ourselves long before we come down to the door of death or the rapture. This is the time to get ready. That's why we come on a Wednesday night. Ain't that right? Not just to fellowship or just to be here, but we come to search ourselves, check ourselves, see if we are in the faith or not. Amen. Amen. You send yourself to hell by rejecting his son. God don't send anybody to hell for being a sinner. God sends you to hell because you won't repent and take Christ as your savior. You refuse to take the right road. You sent yourself to torment. You sent your own soul to its eternal destination upon the free moral agency of your convictions. Did you see where I get that free moral agency from? That's right. He gives people a choice. Choose. Make a choice. What are you going to do? Are you going to serve God or the devil? Are you going to listen to that still small voice? Are you going to accept the pardon? You would think that the courthouse would be filled, wouldn't you? But Abraham says, "Insanity." The word I don't care is insane. It's insane. Ain't that right? People that don't care about their souls are not right. So listen, upon the free moral agency of your convictions, God does not send anybody to hell. He never did. He never will. Men send themselves to hell because they refuse to accept the way of salvation. He's longsuffering. He doesn't want any to perish. Never wanted it. But men would rather walk in darkness than in light. Remember over the the king uh Aza Aziah. Amen. That fell through the lattice went to inquire of Beel Zebub. Is there no God? And brother Bam says what it was. It was his own stubborn ways. Now I'll tell you this. Anybody that doesn't accept the grace of Almighty God, they've got some stubborn ways about them. They got selfish ways. They want to live their life. They want to do their thing. That's right. Say, "I want to live my life." Even Jesus said, "He that saves his life will lose it." But he that loses his life for my sake shall preserve it. Find it and preserve it. I don't know about you, but that's what I'm interested in. Aren't you glad that you are interested in preserving your life? Amen. Praise the Lord. He's long-suffering. Listen, the reason they have no desire to take the light and messengers come from the east, the west, the north, the south. They throw barricades, song services, testimonies, preaching across the path of the sinner. And he deliberately walks right through them. then say that God is responsible or guilty. God is good and full of mercy. Listen, God is good and full of mercy. And he don't want one to be last lost. Listen to this. This is one of those things I this is kind of startling. But man wants to be lost because it's his desire. He refuses to walk in the light. Remember places the Bible says, "He that hates me love death." They love death. They don't want to be saved. They don't want to be saved because guess what? How many knows if you want to be saved, you can be. So if you don't get saved, you don't want to be saved. You want to be lost. If you want to be lost, then you want to go to hell. What a terrible state for the majority of the world to be in. God help us. Amen. See, he refuses to walk in the light. You pass by the church. You hear the people singing the gospel songs. Maybe you really want to go, but you light up another cigarette and shake your head. What are you trying to do? You're fighting your way through every barricade. Amen. Every barricade. God don't send you to hell. You send yourself to hell. Break every barricade. Run through every stoplight trying to make yourself go to hell. Can you imagine knocking down barricades, jumping over them, and everything else just trying to get there? Aren't that grace? God will do anything he possibly can to keep you from being lost. And here you and I are the bride of Jesus Christ who love the Lord with all of our heart. We don't serve him because we're afraid of being lost. We're thankful that we have escaped judgment. We are thankful for those things. Those are just benefits of knowing a wonderful loving savior like Jesus Christ. How did he would How many believes that God would embrace the whole world? Sure he would. He embrace anybody that'll come to him, that'll give themselves to him, that'll surrender themselves to him. If you want more of Jesus, there's more of Jesus for you to have. Amen. But guess what? You're going to have to do a little judging. How many believes every one of us tonight, if we take nothing else away, it's time for every one of us to examine ourselves. Ain't that right? Look at the fruits that you're bearing. Look at look at the way you're living. Yeah. Look at uh your attitude towards other people. What kind of home life you have, what kind of relationship you have with your mate, what kind of demeanor, what kind of atmosphere that you have. Search yourself. Judge yourself. Amen. Because you are the judge in this courthouse. Amen. And if you refuse, judge yourself unworthy over on that day, he will play that back. Right? Here's where you decided you didn't want it. Ain't that right? He'll be He'll be your judge then. He will. But you are your judge now of where you go. And God has put that on all of humanity. God bless you. Let's stand tonight. Kind of a sobering kind of thought, isn't it? But it really is because I don't know about you because I feel I feel bad for people that don't know Jesus Christ. I do anything. Amen. Sometimes we get a little bold like Paul and and stuff with people and say, "Hey, you know, you can't keep going that way. You know that ain't right." Huh? Why? Because you realize that up ahead there's a fall. Then better bam sand. You say, "Hey, that bone to go over to Niagara. It ain't going to stand it. You better get that motor and come over this way." Oh, shut up, you holy roller. Amen. I won't read you the story. I have it here. Remember the one little lady that brother Ram talked about how that he had a a young lady that wore her hair, I guess, and she would just slick her hair back and really looked really holiness and dressed modest and everything else. And this other one, you know, how that she uh she man, she was all modern everything else and and ended up with uh uh uh sexual [Music] disease and thought, you know, the preacher said, "Ah, it doesn't matter if you dress like this or that don't matter, this that don't matter. It is all of these other when you come down to dying come down to the door of death had the preacher there out there smoking maybe in the hallway smoking a cigarette and everything else and all of a sudden she says because she thought she was right she oh I'm fine I'm she says I'm lost I'm lost and the preacher oh be quiet you know you're saved you know you're all right she said you deceiver telling everybody this is okay that's okay but Abraham says on the day of judgment. That preacher is going to give an answer. He'll have to give an answer for not warning to people, for not telling the truth. Instead, call that girl. Get that girl to come and pray for me. Huh? Don't never be ashamed of looking modest and holy and righteous. Don't never be ashamed of it. Amen. He said the girl didn't make it in time. She was gone. But she realized at that time that she all of that wishy-washy laxidasical lukewarm anything goes religion doesn't make it. Amen. I'm going to say Lord show me any bad place that I have. Show me my bad places. Lord I want to be pleasing because we that's what what we want is Lord Jesus let me be pleasing to you Lord. Lord Jesus you see the hands all over the building. Father, show us, Lord. We don't want to make excuses. We don't want to shun it away from our conscience. Sherk it away, Lord. If you want to speak to our hearts, speak, Lord. If you want to condemn us for things we're doing wrong, condemn us. We want it now. We want it straightened out now. We want to repent now while there's mercy. while there's a tub of bleach. While you're saying, "Right over here after you're condemned and sure you're wrong. Right over here is Jesus sitting on the mercy seat. If you'll go over there, he'll give you a pardon and he will wipe your slate clean. He will justify you as though you never done any of it in the first place. It's a blanket pardon. if you'll just receive it. And Lord, that's what we're doing. Raising our hands and saying, "Lord Jesus, we receive a pardon. We receive, Lord, the forgiveness for our wrongs, our shortcomings, and where we're not what we ought to be, Lord." Not praying like we should, Lord. Whatever it is, each individual this morning or this evening, looking into their own heart, seeing where they are, not what they ought to be, and saying, "God, make me more like you." cuz we've got one interest and that is like pet pee Paul I mean Peter said that we may be found of him without spot wrinkles blemish or any such thing Lord that's our heart's desire every day we say God forgive me of my shortcomings and my failures I'm still in the flesh I still make mistakes God please wash me white in the blood of the lamb let the blood flow this morning this evening Lord into these hearts that have got their hands raised Lord if they've gotten lukewarm on you Lord forgive [Music] If they put you second in their life, forgive them. Help us to keep you first in our hearts and our minds every day to walk with you no matter where we're working or what we're doing to fellowship with you, Lord. And help us every distraction and everything that pulls us away or every shortcoming that we might have had, Lord, from this day back, God, from this very moment in our past. We ask God for forgiveness, Lord. In this courthouse, Lord, we believe there's grace and mercy, Lord, by having remorse sin. God, I'm sorry. I don't mean to do this. I didn't mean to do that, Lord. Now, forgive me, Father. Wash me white, Lord Jesus, cuz we want to be ready for you're going to be coming any time. And Lord, and those clouds, even as you said to the disciples, is you have seen him go. That's how he's going to return one of these days, God. Amen. our bodies will be changed and we'll have be able to have the vision to see you, Lord, and come and be with you face to face. And we ask, God, that you would wash everyone here tonight, Lord, in the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Our young people, our middle-aged people, our older people, Lord. Father, help us, Lord Jesus, to listen to you, Lord. Father, when we come up to a barricade, we back off and say, "Well, we don't want to go down there. That's right. We want to stay away from there. Get as close to heaven as we can. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, that you set us in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And for your grace and for your mercy, we thank you. And we accept it. We believe it. We receive that pardon, Lord Jesus. Us as even Christians long have been walking this way. We ask God, you just touch each one now. We accept it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. How many believe that? God bless you. God richly bless you. Amen. Thank you for your prayers. Amen. How many will be praying for brother Joe Adams this weekend that the Holy Spirit will speak. Give him a message that we have need of for this coming weekend. Amen. God bless you. God bless you, brother. Bless you. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love love till there's just no more love. For I could never ever out love the Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love the love till there's just no more love for I could never ever love the Lord. Amen. Pleasing. Pleasing. Pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praise. Let everything I pursue be pleasing no more Lord unto you pleasing. Oh yes, [Music] pleaseing. Let me be [Music] pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let [Music] everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you and create in me a clean heart. [Music] Oh God and renew a right spirit within [Music] me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh [Music] God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renewer spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renewer thy spirit within me. You create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renewer thy spirit within me. Amen. Can we sing as the deer patted little water? Amen. As the deer penteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit hear. For you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are king. [Music] I want you more than any other so much more than [Music] anything. For you alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone may my spirit heal. For you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, and I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. [Music] Oh, you alone are the real joy giver and the earth full of my eyes. For you, oh Lord, are my strength and my shield. To you alone may my spirit [Music] yield. For you alone are my heart's desire and to worship you. Amen. It's hard to close the services in the atmosphere like this. Amen. But if you feel to linger and stay in the presence of the Lord, amen, you're more than welcome to do so. I know some have long ways to drive tonight and Amen. So, we're going to be dismissed and let's just sing Jesus be the Lord. Amen. But if you feel to stay and just linger in this presence, Amen. Just do as the Lord leads you this evening. Jesus be the Lord of all. [Music] Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. The [Music] kingoms of my heart. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of [Music] all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. the [Music] kingoms of my heart. Jesus, I surrender all. Oh Jesus, I surrender all. [Applause] Jesus, I surrender all. Jesus, I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. The kingoms of my heart, draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. [Music]
