################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Bro. Phill Bontrager • 4/6/25 • Sun • The Spirit of Liberty - Phill Bontrager - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Bro. Phill Bontrager • 4/6/25 • Sun • The Spirit of Liberty
Speaker: Phill Bontrager
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWI5JpjPoq8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. I think my voice is loud enough probably. Amen. How many just looking forward to a good day in the Lord? Amen. I certainly am. And we want to just stand this morning and let's go before him in prayer and thank him. Amen. I wonder this morning before we pray, how many in the last week or two, Amen. that has been sick and is feeling better. Amen. How many How many Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand for healing. Amen. All those that are sick. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And it's good to feel good, ain't it, Brother Joe? Sister Hannah and everybody that was sick. Amen. So, praise the Lord. I'm in Austin and serenity and Amen. Just thankful God for his healing. Amen. Where would we be if it wasn't for his healing this morning? Amen. And where would we be if it wasn't for his spiritual healing? Amen. I'm just glad to be spiritually healed. Amen. And give the Lord a hand. Say thank you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father, as we approach your throne of grace once again, Lord. And father, we want to give you a special invite, Father, that you would come speak through our brother Phil this morning, Lord Jesus, the words of life to us, God. Father, help him just to surrender in such a way that the Holy Spirit could speak to the church this morning, Father, what you want to say, Lord. And Father, we pray, God, that it wouldn't be just for one person, Lord, but it would be for every person, Lord. We come with expectations, Lord Jesus, that you'll speak to every heart this morning, Lord. Come and move in a mighty way today into both the service this morning and also this evening, Father. And then our fellowship between the service. May it be sweet, Father. And we ask, God, that you'll just receive our thanks and appreciation, Lord, for the healing that you give our bodies, Lord, when we're sick, Lord Jesus. Father, we know that nothing can come upon us, Lord, unless you allow it, Lord. But we do ask God these sicknesses that's been going around, Father, that you would certainly keep thwarting them off, Lord, and put a hedge around us, Lord, protect us and continue to lead us and guide us, Father. We want to thank you, Lord, for the during these storms, Lord Jesus, that Father, we Lord Jesus, you watched over us. You protected us from tornadoes, from flooding, and things. And we appreciate that protection that we have, Lord, when the wind is howling and the metal's flying, so to speak. Sometimes we can sit comfortably in knowing that you have your palm of your hand over top of us, Lord Jesus, and that you watch over us, Father. And Lord, this morning we ask God that you would just come down each aisle, Lord, and speak to our hearts this morning in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen and amen. And everybody said, "Amen." Amen. Brother Troy, if you'll come up, we'll have Bible reading. Amen. And then we'll have songs. Amen. And like I said, everything else is going to be just as usual except for the communion part. We've moved over to the next service. Amen. Amen. And that would be next week, but Amen. to give the minister plenty of time. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Brad, Jo, God bless you. Good to see y'all. How many's glad for traveling mercies from the wedding? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Say, "Thank you, Jesus, for traveling mercies for everybody." Amen. God bless you. If we'll just go in the Psalms this morning, we're going to Psalms 37. Psalms 37. And we're just going to read up to verse uh 19. Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity. Trust in the Lord and do good. So shalt thou dwell in the land and verily verily thou shalt be fed. Trust also in him and he shall bring it to pass. Rest in the Lord and wait patiently for him. For it not thyself because of him who prosperth in his way, because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass. For evildoers shall be cut off, but those that wait upon the Lord, they shall inherit the earth. The meek shall inherit the earth and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace. The Lord shall laugh at him, for he seeth that his day is coming. Their sword shall enter into their own heart, and their bow shall be broken. For the arms of the wicked shall be broken, but the Lord upholdeth the righteous. This one together. They shall not be ashamed in the evil time and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied. God bless you, brother David. Amen. And I, you know, we've been through it a lot. And I was telling them a little testimony out in the prayer room this morning. And which where we used to live at in Arkansas, they got they had a a flood there really bad. And only one of the believers, the water got right up to the back of their house and that was as far as got. And nobody was bothered. Of course, they lost some power, but God's been good to us this morning. And I thought, you know, Lord, you keep your hand up on us and you do so much for us and sometimes we don't even realize what all and how good he's been to us this morning. And we're going to sing this song. Brother Parish used to sing this song. I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. And and uh if we all started talking about how good he's done been for us and what all, we'd be here all day. Amen. Amen. Let's start with a chorus if we could. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. And when I lose of what he's done and all he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And when I look around and see all the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. For his blessings he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise for. He has been so good to [Music] me. When I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And sometimes while on this way I'll need to stop and say thank you Lord for all you've done for me. [Music] One day I'll reach heaven sure and deep once more I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to [Music] me of what he's done and all he's brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. Once again this morning, well, I've got so much to thank him for. so much to praise him for, you see. Oh, he has been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I I didn't give praise for my nephew. My nephew is an engineer for Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad. And he was stopped in Bay, Arkansas, and the tornado blew the ne the last nine cars of his train. He was engineering off the tracks and he was at the front. That's how close. But God spared him. And I tell you, we just got a lot to be thankful for this morning. And I woke up this morning, this song was on my heart. Tell me his name again. Amen. I just I just love the name of Jesus this morning. Don't you? Well, they told me a sweetest old story. They told me a wonderful name. It thrilled all my heart with its glory. It burned in my heart like a flame. They told me of the one who so loved me. That in heaven he could not remain. He came down to see and to save me. Oh, tell me his name again. Oh, tell me his name again. And sing me that sweet refrain of he who in love came down from above to die on the cross of shame. It's story my heart has stirred. It's the sweetest that I've ever heard. It banishes fear and it brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. They say he was born in a manger and there was no room in the end. that in his own world was a stranger yet loved it in spite of its sin. They say that his death led to Calvary and one day he died there in chain. He gave his great life as a ransom. Oh, tell me his name again. Oh, tell me his name again. And sing me that sweet refrain of he who in love he came down from above and died on the cross of shame. This story my heart has stirred. It's the sweetest that I've ever heard. Oh, it banishes fear and it brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. Oh, they call him the sweet rose of Sharon. They call him the lily. So fair. They call him They call him the bright morning star. Well, he's prophet and priest and redeemer. The king of all kings. He shall reign. He's coming in power and in gloryy. Oh, tell me his name again. Oh, tell me his name again. And sing me that sweet reframe of he who in love came down from above and died on the cross in chain. Oh, this story my heart has heard. It's the sweetest ever. Oh, it banishes fear and it brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. Let's sing the chorus again. Oh, tell me his name again. Yes, Lord. and sing me that sweet refrain of he who in love came down from above to die on the cross of shame. The story my heart has turned. Sweetest that I've ever heard. Oh, it banishes fear when you tell me his name again. Amen. Is there a sweeter name than the name of Jesus? Amen. You may be seated this morning. God bless you. And don't mean to keep you standing this morning. Amen. And want to welcome our visitors. Uh uh can't hardly read my own writing. Brother Shane, God bless you. It's good to have him. Sean, Sean, I had Yeah, my my writing is not too good. I'm sorry. God bless you. If you hang around very long, you'll find out. I'll mess it up again. But God bless you. It's glad to have you with us this morning. Also, Gabe and Charity this morning. God bless you. It's good to have y'all here this morning. And it's good to have all of our home folks back. Brother Brad and them traveling. I guess you got him married off, did you? So, everything went good. That's awesome. and and all those that are sick. And Janet's doing a lot better. And just thank you for your prayers for her also. And we've just we've got so much to thank him for. That's for sure. And the we just got to keep fighting. And I always I always think about what Brother Joe text me. He always says, "Keep marching." So that's what we're going to do this morning. We're going to keep marching. Amen. Brother Mike, that song I kind of messed you up. I didn't know the I didn't I knew the song, but I didn't know what it was called. one more valley this morning if you can pull the words up for that. And I was praying this morning, this song come on my heart and and I just could not get the the word to come up. I could It's just bad sometimes. Me and Brother Steve were talking about it how things go. So kids don't ever get old because you forget then you don't remember and all that in between. So but just have Jesus in your heart and it won't matter. Amen. Well, when I'm tossed on my sea and the waves cover me and the dark skies won't let the sun shine through. Well, then a voice seems to say, "Child, there'll be a brighter day. Don't allow the storm to hide sweet heaven's view. Cuz you've got one, one more he and you've got one more trial, one more te and one more curve in life's road. Maybe one more mile to go. Well, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Well, don't let Satan see your tears. Learn to smile through your fears. Hold your head up high and give the world a smile. Oh, just be faithful all the way. It'll be worth it all someday cuz it's all going to be over after a while. And you've got one more valley, one more heave. And you've got one, one more tea, and one more curved last road. Maybe one more mile to go. Oh, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Let's sing it again if you can. Well, you've got one more he, one more he, and you've got one more trial, one more T, and one more curve in life's road. Maybe one more mile to go. Well, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Well, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Amen. You believe that with all of your heart this morning. Amen. Brother uh Daniel and brother Caleb and brother Michael John, we have several prayer requests this morning. Remember, Brother Willie and Sister Natalie, they're traveling home this morning. And also, I think brother Shawn and Sister Patty and them are going to be coming back also from uh their their trip. And brother Glenn, I don't know how many of you know brother Glenn, he had a a mild stroke and they're not here this morning, which because I'm sure of the weather, but we need to continue to remember brother Glenn in prayer this morning that God will completely touch his body. Also continue to remember Sister Sherry and uh also Sister Peggy, our shutins, and Sister Parish this morning. Sister Parish is not doing very well at all this morning and she just needs a touch from the Lord and and uh she just needs God to move on the scene in her life this morning. So just remember Sister Parish this morning and I know she's always faithful to watch and God bless you this morning, Sister Parish. We're praying for you as a church. Is that right, church? Amen. And our hope is in the Lord this morning. That's the only hope we have this morning. And uh so and also continue to remember sister Janette. She's not here this morning. We want to remember her in prayer this morning. And amen. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand. Brother Brad, would you stand and pray over the needs this morning, please? Thank Never s sung the song before. Brother Josh does a lot, but I woke up early this morning and this song's been on my heart all morning long. My hope is in the Lord. Brother Josh, you may have Where's Brother Josh? There he is. He's back there. Amen. Y'all help us this morning. Let's just stand and sing it with all of our heart this morning. Amen. My hope is in the Lord. From time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing it again if we could. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. The first verse if we could this morning. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. And my faith just lies from the aging of the strength subsides. The living sacrifice, the only source of life, oh my hope, yes Lord, is in the Lord. this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I like this. His tender mercy. Oh yes. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Yes, [Music] Lord. They only trust in him who find their hearts. For my hope is in the Lord. from this time on and so much more. Is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing it again if we could. Oh yes. My hope, oh my hope is in the Lord. and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Could we sing that second verse again? Brother Micah, could you pull it up, please? His tender mercies come with a ever rising sun. Yes, sinners in his rightness to offer healing and forgiveness to those that trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. I'm on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. How many's thankful for his tender mercies? Amen. You may be seated. and and uh brother Steve asked me to sing a special this morning and I already sang it but this song has been burning on my heart and I thought well he asked me so it just worked out to sing that other song of brother parishes but this song's been on my heart and he's in the midst it says uh E or D I don't know if that's right or not you just figure it out we'll go from there as you travel down life's road. Oh, he is with you every day. With every step you take, he's walked ahead of you. Oh, and every night as you lay down, oh, angels are camping all around. I'll never be alone, for he is in the midst. Oh, he's in the midst of our storm. He's in the valley we walk through. Where two or three are gathered in his name, he'll be there too. And when you feel so all alone, he is standing next to you. He's with us now. Our Lord, he's in the midst. And into the prison they were thrown. Paul and Silas were alone. They knew their God was there and he would see them through. So when the walls began to shake and all their chains just fell away, they cried, "Behold our God, for he is in the midst." You believe it this morning? He's in the midst of our storm. He's in the valley we walk through. there. Two or three are gathered in his name, he'll be there, too. And when you feel so all alone, he is standing next to you. He's with us now. Our Lord, he's in the midst. Oh, he's with us now. our Lord. He's in the midst. Amen. You believe he's in our midst this morning? Let's give him a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Thomas asked me to do the birthdays. Anyone that has a birthday in the month of April, you want to stand and come up this morning? Anybody that has a birthday? No. Sister Donna, it's your birthday today. You just All right. It's nice to have friends, isn't it, Sister [Laughter] Donna? Amen. We appreciate Brother Thomas and Sister Donna, don't we? Amen. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. Well, may you feel Jesus near. Oh, every day of the year, a happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you and the best one you ever had. Amen. Amen. Amen. And my wife's not here this morning, but by the grace of God, the 25th of April, she has put up with me for 44 years. So give her a hand of praise this morning. Amen. And I tell you, since she's been sick, you look back and you think of all the wonderful times. And then when you go through times like this and she's never been sick and she was in the hospital for 15 days and you know I I didn't know what to think but she's like her mom. She's a little stubborn. They told her she was she had this. She said no I don't. I said babe you've got some problems or we wouldn't be here. But the Lord is he's been a miracle worker and she's doing really really good and and uh I'm just thankful for her and I'm I thank you for your prayers and thank you for those that sent food and we appreciate that very much. And I told Sister Grace, I'm going to brag on Sister Grace, she made her chicken spaghetti the other day and and she finished it off last night and she said that was really good. So I told Grace, I said, "You hit a grand slam on that." So, but we appreciate your prayers most of all. God bless you. Let's stand this morning and it's a privilege to have brother Phil here this morning and really appreciate brother Phil and Amen. Let's just sing a little course of amazing grace as brother Phil comes this morning and give him your undivided attention this morning and pull from the gift that God's given this morning. Oh, it's amazing. Sing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that save a red like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. God bless you. I'll put your water down there. I got to go get it. I'll get it for you. Let's sing that again. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the star that [Music] save like me. I once was lost, but now I find. I was blind, but now I see. Lord Jesus, we're going to pray once more, Lord, as we approach you now, Father, that we can hear from your from your voice, Lord, from your heart this morning. I pray that each person would just get alone with you this morning. Ignore everyone around them. Ignore me. Ignore everything going on, but that we could enter into that secret place with just you and us as an individual. That's where you long to fellowship with us. That's where you long to touch our hearts and to hear back from us, Lord. So many times we we want to hear from you. But but Lord, you want to hear from us. And so when when we are when we are hear your word and we just reach out and even if it doesn't come from our lips, from our heart, Lord, we say, "I believe you, Lord." And you want to respond back and I say, "I believe you." We say, "I love you, Lord." You want to say, "I love you." But oh, how you long for those times of fellowship. And father, this is an opportunity we have this morning to enter into that secret place, Lord. I ask that each one that that's where we find deliverance. It's where we find healing. It's where we find strength, faith to press on, Lord. And this morning, we want to talk about your love was that's where we find your love. So, we just expect you, Lord, to come and speak. Father, we're so grateful to be here this morning. Won't you just have your way this morning, Lord? We ask this in your precious name. Amen. I'm going to read a scripture out of 2 Corinthians 3:17 before we have a seat. It's good to see everybody. It's always such a I'd enjoy coming up here and seeing y'all and just a wonderful group of people. I appreciate you very much. 2 Corinthians 3:17. Now the Lord is that spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Why don't you have a seat this morning? We're going to get started here. Now, I want to speak on the thought of the spirit of liberty. Um, and it's it's just I'm supposed to preach, too. So, I'm just going to go for a while this morning. Go about an hour or so, then we'll stop and come back and finish this afternoon. So, this morning might be a little heavy. So, if you come this afternoon, it might make you feel a little bit better, but I don't know. We'll see how it goes. Okay. So, we want to talk about the spirit of liberty, especially how it expresses itself through love. And there's two types of love we talk about. One is filio or fileo, however you pronounce it. I don't care. I'm going to say filio this morning. And then we have agape. And we know filio is what we call human love. And this is a lower form of love. Agape is what we consider God's love when the Holy Spirit is in you loving through you. And it's got a nobler purpose, a human love. It's got a lesser purpose because human love is inherently selfish. It's inherently built partially on fear. Don't don't get me wrong. Human love is very important. This is where we live most of our life maybe. Um a and we have to have it and it can accomplish amazing things. And so I'm not just throwing it all away. But here's the problem that human love can do. It can interfere with your relationship with Christ. And as long as it doesn't interfere with your relationship with Christ, living in it, it's wonderful. It can do noble things. But human love can do some really horrible things, too. Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Let's say this man and woman, they love each other. They're just living. He just I love her so much. And he finds out she cheated on him, he goes home and shoots her. It's called a crime of passion. You know what caused that? Human love. Human love can do some horrible things. And so, we need to make sure that we are we are keeping it in check. We are watching what's what's motivating us. And and if we're just moving by our human love and not agape love, we're going to find ourselves in a lot of bad places, things we don't want to do. It's going to interfere with our relationship with Christ. And Satan likes to bind us through religion, through human love. It's it's about control and about force. Like I said, we're going to talk about the spirit of liberty. And we're going to find out that human love is not about liberty. It's about control and about force and getting what I want because that's what human love does. It can it it influences other people to get what I want from you. Agape love don't do that. Agape love is a spirit of freedom. It sets you free. That's this afternoon. We're going to stay. All right. So, let's let's let's look how Satan uses his human love to influence us through religion. All right, we're talking about false religion. And now when I'm talking about this, I I know you know this, but let's not be looking at the people out there. Let's let's keep it down here, right among us, right? Because I'm not preaching to them out there. The Holy Spirit's here to talk to you personally. Now, when I was studying this, I was driving up here on the road. I was meditating on this and I was getting a whooping. All right? So, this is if you don't get anything from it, I know he's whooping me this morning. So, just putting that out there. Brother Bram says this. Now a woman now was when you talk about woman think church right? So a church is not meant to have an iron disposition. She is according to the holy scripture to be submissive to the male. That means that us as a church as a minister whatever your job is we are to be submissive to the male the word. Amen. Right? Whenever we get out of the word, whenever we get off the word, whenever we we make an exception for the word, we're no longer submissive. She says that is commanded of her. Woman who is truly female, all female, will be that disposition, not a doormat. No real male makes a female a doormat. You want to know if you're treating your wife right? How does Christ treat you? There's your example. Yeah. That's the way you're supposed to treat each other. or the way Christ treats you. And brother says, that's the way the church has to be, our relationship with Christ. And what gets in the way of that is human love, especially when it exerts itself as a selfishness. I want something for myself. She will want, listen to this, no real male makes a female a doormat, but she will want to be under authority and not rule over the male. Thank you, Lord. That's the church we're talking about. Do we want to be submissive to the word or do we want to have our own say in this? And it can manifest itself a lot of ways. Brother Thomas, I need to have a a conference with you after church. Uh I think you need to start doing something about this brother over here. He I just can't stand him sitting in the front row. You know, if we could do something about him, maybe sit someplace else from now on. Can you can you take care of that for me? I know I'm being silly. But it's that attitude. Well, I want to run the church. Because here's the thing, brother and sister. Even brother Thomas going to have that attitude. He don't run this church and no other minister runs this church. It's the great shepherd runs this church. And all he is a minor shepherd to make sure that you hear the great shepherd. Cuz if all you ever hear is brother Thomas, you're in a bad place. Ain't it great to have that confidence that you know who's running the place? You say, "Well, how do you know?" Look at the effect that the word has on you when you know who's running the show. My It sets you free. My I can't stay off this afternoon. Let me keep going here. If she breaks that image that God made for her, she has perverted. Any male that lets the woman take authority has also broken the image and he is perverted. Let me just be blunt. There's a lot of message preachers around who are perverted because they have not allowed the word to run the show. They're trying to run it themselves. And you've seen it and you see the effect it has. You see pastors, you see preachers in in churches and evangelists, everyone going around and they're trying to establish their own self. They're establishing their own ministry, their own little kingdom, so people look at them a certain way. Brother and sister, you and I have nothing to prove. All we have to do is be subject to the word and let him vindicate exactly who you are. I don't come up here with anything to prove. You don't have anything to prove. Well, I got to show what a Christian I am. You need to show that you're subject to the word and let that freedom that comes through the word have that effect in your life and watch people look at you and say, "You know what? There's something really genuine about that brother. That sister, there's something real about her. I don't know what it is, but I like being around them. Unless you have that controlling religious spirit and say, "None, I hate her. I don't like that person." Why? Because they can't control you. Oh my. When you won't be controlled by someone else's religion, you're a threat to them, friends. And they're going to find a reason to dislike you. That hurt. That hurts me a little bit because I know I've been guilty of that. I told you it's going to hurt. What is that iron dis? It's the iron disposition. You see the spirit of the the the church today, the the the last day is Rome's iron disposition. We know the Daniel's vision with the with the the legs of iron and they stamped everything out. It's forcing. It's controlling. And when the when when the the image to the beast takes complete control, it's going to shut you down. Either you take the the mark of the beast or they're going to kill you. It's about force. It's about control. And this is that spirit. Like I said, we're not looking out there. How is that spirit attempting to control you and us as we're sitting here in church this morning? As we go about our lives, as we do what we're trying to do to be a Christian, but that controlling, dominating spirit is always trying to get you to do something this way. And we influence each other with that same kind of thing. and it looks so good. We don't even realize it sometime what we're doing. But yet, it's that that's that that uh uh spirit to try to control others to make me happy. And remember, you are Satan's number one target. He hates you more than anyone else because he's got everybody else, but he don't have you. That's right. And he can't control you. that terrifies him. And the more you die to that's what death to self is. You're you're not allowing yourself to control yourself. You're dying to yourself. You're dying to that old bad part of that human love. And when you won't be controlled by your emotions, when you control your emotions instead, Satan can't control you. Think about it. Satan can't control you if you will just keep your emotions under control. What what is it so hard to die to? What do we struggle dying to? The things we love me. Absolutely. This old boy here, my biggest enemy, right? Cuz I don't like to die. Why? Because the things I like get in my way. Let me give you a silly example. If you came up to me and said, 'Brother Phil, God spoke to me and he said, 'You rapture ready if you would just die out to eating sushi, I'm I'm going I'm done. I'm out of here. I mean, my body change is right there because I couldn't care less if I have another have another bite of sushi. I mean, I can eat it, but you know, why would you? But if you came to me and said, "Brother Phil, to go in the rapture, you need to eat no more ribeye steak." Woo! That's my favorite meal. Now we got a problem. I'm being ridiculous. But do you see what I'm What do we struggle dying to is what we like. Our human love protecting this old boy, getting what this guy likes, doing what I want for myself, and getting you to comply with my wishes for you. That's all operated by human love. It can be a good thing and it can be horrible. So what do we do? We try to force others through manipulation, emotional manipulation. We try to get them to do what we want. We build our denominational walls if they don't. Someone comes to the church and they don't believe the way we believe and they're visiting and afterwards you just feel you got to just set them straight. You say get in trouble, brother Brad. God talked to you about something. You preached something that I just don't agree with. And this is what the prophet said. This is what the prophet said. And he said, "And I'm right and you're wrong." You know what? It don't matter how right I am and how wrong he is. He's still in a better place than I am if my attitude is wrong. I'm not talking about a compromising, well, we just everyone's just fine. We believe everybody is great. No, I'm not talking about that. Not compromising, but what is my attitude? Is a judgmental attitude because I know something that you don't and it puffs me up. How many times we talk to people who are not message believers and we get an attitude. I know you don't do this. I'm talking to myself. We get an attitude sometime, well, I know more than you and you're just a dumb Baptist or you're just a dumb Amish man or whatever and I got some light to show it to you and my attitude comes across that I'm superior to you. And who wants that kind of religion? I don't. I mean, before I was a Christian, before I gave my heart to the Lord, I ran into certain situations like that from message believers. And my attitude, I remember one time I I they were treating me a certain way. I said, "I don't want nothing to do with the message if that's what it produces." Who wants that? Then I found someone real and I said, "Oh, I do want that." Absolutely. So what we do, we spiritually speaking, someone comes in, we want to cloak them with flatteries. We be nice to them. Don't you want to join our church? Look how much love we have. Look how we agree with each other and we just love each other. We have great picnics and and we listen to the word and we worship and the Holy Spirit falls and isn't just a wonderful place to be. Yeah. I kind of like this. By the way, do you know the serpent seed? H you believe the serpent seed? Huh? How were you baptized? Huh? How long is your hair? And all of a sudden that old dominating female spirit rises up and tries to force them into our idea how they're supposed to be living instead of letting it come through the Holy Spirit. Everyone wants to be loved. Everyone wants to be love. And so and so when we we create an atmosphere of love which is based on human love. It's just based on human love instead of God. When you run against him, what happens? You get in an argument. You get division. You got a church split and this person's going there and talking about you and I'm going there and talking back about them. And why? Why? Because we're operating on that emotional human love that has to protect itself. That's why people say never argue about politics or religion. Why? Because you're going to get in an argument, right? And you're going to have division. People going to get mad because if you don't see it my way, then you're wrong. And I feel justified in condemning you to hell. That's what human love will produce. Oh, this is this hurts me. So, what do we do? We recognize that someone resists this or we resist that and we get this this contention among ourselves and we're struggling with each other and oh, Sister Becky, sure glad to see you. Why? Because there's something in our spirits is not connecting anymore. What got Oh, that's just the devil. It is the devil. You know how he did it? Through your human love. He got your human love. Protecting yourself. We love oursel. We protect ourselves. If we would die to ourselves, we would get along with everybody. Let me say that again. If you would quit protecting yourself, you will get along with everybody. Whether they hate you or not has nothing to do with it. And when I say get along, I'm not saying you're going to be best pal, someone trying to kill you, but you're going to love them. And you're going to have no animosity towards that person. You talk about freedom. Oh, you talk about being free when you're no longer controlled by my fears and my doubts and my antagonism and all this stuff. And I can just open up my heart and just love you no matter how you treat me. That's the epitome of being free, friends. That's the spirit of freedom. But what do we do when someone disagrees with us? We're ready to crush them under food. We trample them. We take our quotes and our scriptures and we crush them down and we prove that they're wrong and we get wrong. Get in their face. Or maybe we just ignore them. But we just prove to ourselves, look how wrong that person is. Have you ever changed someone's mind by arguing with them? You know that that should have sunk into my head long long ago, way before it did. Maybe it's starting to sink in this morning. I hope so, cuz my goodness, what a waste of time and energy and emotion and all this kind of stuff. Well, I'm going to prove you're wrong and I'm right. Your doctrine might be right, but if it comes with the wrong spirit, you're wrong. We've heard it preached or quoted many times. Brother Brandham said, "Don't care how right you are on your doctrine. If your if your life isn't there, you're not coming up anyways. I'd rather be right in my spirit than right in my doctrine because the spirit will bring you to the right doctrine. We can look around and see how the whole world is chasing after their feelings. People will literally tell you their feelings mean more to them than the truth. They will change the facts. They'll believe what they want to fact. The fact can be right in front of them, but they will believe their feelings because they've been taught your feelings are your truth. That'll send you to hell. That's a horrible place to live because you become your own god. You set your own standards, your own moral standards. You what you believe is right, no matter what anyone says. It's all about selflove. Amen. That's all that is. That's right. I'm gonna read out of James. I really like James 3 13-18. Let's see what time I got. This is going to kind of put everything in perspective of what we've talked about so far. Hang on one second. Sorry. James 13, I'm sorry. 3:13. Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? Who is a message believer? That's what he's asking right here, right? Who of you are message believer? Y'all are message believers. Let that person show out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom. That means a mild disposition a gentle spirit. When you disagree with a message believer, how many times do you get a gentle spirit in response? Go talk to a preacher sometime. disagree with them sometime. See how gentle their disposition is, how gentle their spirit is. He said, "But if you have bitter envying and strife in your hearts," you know what that means? That bitter envying, it's harsh zeal. Very zealous for what we believe. I'm very zealous for I believe, but does it come across as a gentle spirit or a harsh spirit? True. And a contentious spirit. Can you talk to someone without becoming contentious? Can you let your old self die and just let Christ come and manifest through you and express his love through you? Or do you have to prove you're right and they're wrong? It's a lack. You know, you know when you when you argue have to argue about something, you know what it comes down to? You have a lack of confidence in what you believe. Because why do I have to prove something if I already know it? My last name is bond trigger. Argue with me and try to prove that's not true. I will laugh in your face and walk away. You're stupid, man. I know I'm a bond track. I was born. I got a birth certificate. But if I'm not sure about something that I have to prove it, that's when you start getting content. Well, I'm not really positive that I really know who I say I am. I'm a message believer and I'm going to prove it to you. There's something wrong with that attitude. There's a lack of confidence. You need more revelation of who you really are because otherwise you don't have to prove it. If someone wants to disagree and say, "I'm wrong on my diet." Okay. Someone come up to me after I preach say, "Brother Phil, I disagree with you." Okay. I didn't make it up myself. God gave it to me. Go talk to him. Amen. There's nothing to prove. God vindicates who you are. Amen. If you are or not, he still vindicates it. He said, "But if you have bitter envy and strife in your hearts, glory not and lie not against the truth." What does it mean glory not? Don't boast about your will. Well, I'm a mess believer. I know this. I can tell you about the serpent seed. I can tell you about the seven seals. I can tell you about the godhead. I can tell you about all these things with that attitude. Who cares? Who cares what you know? He said, "Lie not against the truth." What does that mean to lie against the truth? You're bearing a false witness because truth does not produce that kind of spirit. You might say, "I'm a message believer, but your spirit is producing something besides what the message produces. You are lying against the truth." Because your spirit is expressing something that's not truth. That spirit that spirit that that that born again Christ that spirit of Christ it is a spirit of liberty. It's not about force. It's not about a control. It's not about forcing you to believe what I believe. You need to do this. You need to do this. You need to follow my rules. That is not what the spirit of liberty does. That's right. And when we have the wrong spirit, the wrong attitude, we're calling that spirit a lie because it's not a spirit of liberty. Verse 15, this this wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, and devilish. Let's look at those three words. What does it mean when it's earthly? It means that it's just something that you've been educated into. It's not been revealed to you. It's up here in your mind. It has not come into your heart. Because when it comes into your heart, it produces something different. But when it's in your mind, then you got to argue and force and control and prove, prove, prove. It's just an education. And I've heard a lot, you have too, we've heard a lot of educated preachers get in the pulpit and preach some really amazing things. And yet it was nothing more than an education because their attitude that went with it was not the spirit of Christ. It's an education. Sensual. It means it's just emotional. It reacts emotionally. Go. You know, Brother Bram talking about that Pentecostal cat. As long as you're ping it the right rubbing it the right way. Oh, it's just purring away. Rub it the wrong way and watch it scratch you. It's getting uncomfortable for me. Watch it react. Watch the emotional reaction because like, oh my goodness, we don't agree with each other. I can't fellowship with you. We're going to split off. I'm going to start another church over here. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that because we can't get along. It also reacts emotionally the other way. another way because you're happy and you have this education of what the message is and you believe these doctrines and you following the rules and you go to church and everyone's having a good time, the spirit's flowing and you're happy and you're singing and you're preaching and you're shouting and whatever and everything's wonderful, but it's just up here. And how many people are being deceived and they sit in messy pews and as long as they're happy, they're a good message believer. Amen. But when the happiness goes away, then they just react until that emotional that downness, that depression, and then they sit in the in the pew just kind of staring at you. Why? Because the happiness went away. What is it? It's just an emotion. Some of you remember uh Jerry Bell. He used to be the pastor down in Dixon. And I remember when I started going to church there, I was an emotional roller coaster. Oh my goodness. I couldn't stand myself. And sometime I come to church, I was happy and shouting, you know, and praising God. And sometime I come there and I was so miserable and depressed looking. I just kind of sit there. And one time he said to me, "Brother Phil," he said, "Sometime when you come to church, you look so miserable. I just want to eat a can of worms." I'm thinking I would have joined you. Why? Because I was just an emotion. My religion was an emotion. There was something in my mind and I had an idea what it meant to be a mo a message believer, but I couldn't produce it. And so I was up and down and in and out and up and down and in and out. That's all that human love can produce. And then the last word is devilish. You know what that means? It means resembling an evil spirit or proceeding from an evil spirit. Even though you're quoting the scriptures, you're quoting the prophet, your hair is right, your clothes is right, you're saying the right things, but with that wrong spirit. Devilish means you're resembling a demon spirit. That's exactly right. Amen. That's hardcore, friends, but that is so true. And how many times do you fellowship with believers and you can see there's something wrong? there's something that's not quite right there and they're holding a grudge or they're holding something against him and they talking about this and they're always complaining about something and you recognize that they're being influenced by an evil spirit no matter how holy they look. Verse 16, for where envying and strife is, there is confusion, which means instability and disorder, and every evil work. Exactly right. Every evil work. That's why you see so many times when the pastor is in the wrong spirit. You see the whole church just doing all kinds of crazy stuff. Religious as can be. Divisions clicks here. These people don't recognize though or don't fellowship with those whatever. It's every evil work. But when you see unity among the body, you know something's going right, man. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, you love to see that. You know who else loves to see that? Jesus Christ loves that. He hates the spirit of division. He hates someone who brings division among the body, but he loves a spirit of unity. And you got to get with yourself and him first. And when you get it right with him, then you're going to have it with the people around you, too. So then, what does this real look like? If you have real wisdom, the revelation from above, verse 17, but the wisdom that is from above is first pure. That means it's not mixing seed. It's not taking my quote and my idea along with brother Brandham's quote along with this preacher's quote, but it's the word that's been revealed to you. You're not mixing with your own idea. He says, "First pure, then peaceable, gentle." Oh my. Get a ministers meeting and let everyone be peaceable and gentle. Get get people together where they're peaceable and gentle with you. Not just on church day, but when you go home, does that same spirit dominate your house? Is it the same spirit that's going on in your home? Or do we treat each other, you know, though? This is my brother here at church. I'm going to treat him wonderful. But my wife, my goodness sake, she just irritates me. Are you peaceable and gentle about it? Now I I know I have no clue what I'm talking about, so just ignore that. And then I love this one. Easy to be entreated. That means submissive. I want to talk to brother Joe. Brother Joe, this is something, you know, you you did something, you know, last last time I was here, you walked by me and and and you never shook my hand. Sorry. No, you know, I I'm I know you might be sorry, but I just I just I'm just holding a grudge. Easily to be in, easy to talk to. Have you ever seen a message preacher who is submissive? You have. You got one right back there. But someone who's submissive, like you can go to them and talk to them. I know I keep bringing up preachers, but this is where it starts. It starts from the pulpit. It's easy to talk to that person say, I I you said something I don't agree. I don't I don't I don't see it that way. You know what brother Thomas says? Well, you're just wrong. I'm the pastor. Who do you think you are? I'm going to pray for you to cast that demon out of you. Never happened. He said he'll say, and he's not he's not going to compromise. He said, "Well, if you believe it that way, that's fine." No, it's not. He's going to take you to the word. He might be very firm about it. He said, "Now, this is the way I see it. This is why I preached it. This is why I do. And what we're going to do is going to we're going to pray and let God come and if I'm wrong, then God open my eyes. If you're wrong, God open your eyes." And you know what happens? You walk out of there knowing one thing for sure. Whether you're right or wrong, that man loves you. Because easy to be entreated. He didn't chop you off at the knees just because you didn't agree with him. That's right. Ain't that powerful? But what's the problem is so many times we take things personally. It hurt my feelings. You didn't agree with what I preached. So it hurt my feelings. Well, see if I come back here. What a little cry, baby. I'm gonna hold a grudge now. I'm not going to forgive you, brother Joe. You know what happens if I don't forgive brother Joe? First of all, why would I hold it? He has nothing to be forgiven for. That's right. That's just my own idea. My own selfish, well, well, I need to be treated a certain way. Well, if you don't treat me the way I want to be treated, then I got my poor little feeling hurt. Now, I know that's hurting me, but I know it's hurting some of you, too. So, go ahead and smile. And if you're not there, God bless you. You are further alone than me. Why is it hard to let things go? Because we makes us vulnerable. Because if I don't hold that grudge against brother Joe, you know what he might do to me? The same thing. Then I get my feeling hurt again. Oh my goodness. Then I feel twice as bad towards him. But why don't I just let it go and never get the grudge to begin with? He don't want to shake my hand. Who am I? Who am I that I have to be respected? Who am I that you have to treat me a certain way? Who am I that Oh my goodness, look how you treated poor me. I'm going to go sit down. Easy to beat and treated. Full of mercy. Have mercy for the poor guy. Maybe he had something on his mind. Maybe your wife did something that whatever it's just have mercy. Goodness sakes. Do do you know when we do something wrong, don't we cry for mercy? How about giving mercy then? Who are we to to ask mercy from God and then turn and hold a grudge against someone else? Human love. It's not a spirit of liberty. It can be, but a lot of time it's not. Don't trust it. Full of mercy and good fruits without partiality. Without partiality. I don't care who you are. You I'm going to treat you the same. This is why he's saying I don't care if you're the biggest name preacher in the in the message or you just walked through the door the first time. You treat them the same. Can I get worse than that? You might be the most holy preacher and that person might walk through that door looking like a prostitute. Do you still treat them the same? Ain't that amazing? See, if you're legalistic, you don't. That's right. Legalism is what Satan uses. Uses your human love to make you legalistic. put my ideas, my standard, and if you don't meet my standard because I'm so important, then you're just wrong and you're not holy enough to hang around with me. So, you go sit somewhere else without hypocrisy. You're genuine. And that is one of the most telling things that I have noticed about believers is you can tell a lot of times who's genuine. And people who are not believers can tell who's genuine. That's powerful. Because you know you sisters, you go to Walmart and people can tell that you're odd. You're different. You were your you were your difference. I shouldn't have said odd, but to the world you are. The prophet said you were okay. So you wear your holiness. It's right out there. Everybody can see you're different. See, for us brothers, it's different because we have to show that by the spirit on us. It's way more difficult sometime because I can walk through Walmart right now and no one looks at me twice. But if I am in contact with someone, can they see there's something different about me? Come on. Can they see that that brother that you know the people you work with, you might never preach a sermon, you might never say you're a Christian, but they can see there's something different about that. Because if they don't see that, there's something wrong with you. Amen. If they can't tell you have a different spirit than the spirit of the world, there's something you need more Christ. I'm not saying I'm not decing anybody. I'm not saying you're not born again. But what you have to do is die to this old flesh a little bit more so Christ can express himself, which is the whole purpose of being born again. You ever have someone say something like that? It's one of the greatest compliments I can think of. You know, you you walking, you know, you're talking to a stranger or something, they say, "You're a man of God, aren't you?" Never talked about Christ or religion or anything. Someone said to one of your sister, "You got a really great spirit because just because you wear long hair doesn't mean you have a good spirit about you." You've seen plenty of that. But someone says something about you, there's something different about you. It's way goes way way more than your hair and your dress. There's something genuine. It's not hypocrisy. You're not just a Christian on Sunday morning. You go home and you die to yourself. You're easily entreated by your kids. So what does godly this godly wisdom James talking about? What does it not try to do? It doesn't try to control someone else. When you're easily intreated, when you are submissive, you're not trying to control someone else. You're not trying to force them to see things your way. You're not trying to get them to do something that you want. God allows you to choose for yourself and that is freedom. We'll get that to this afternoon. Let me give you an example. Brother Brandham, what time did I start? Is it time to quit? See, I forgot to check what time I come out here. No, it's not. Prophet speaking. He said, "Sometime ago, I was in a dispute on income tax. They said to me, why your trustees are nothing but puppets, I suppose. I said, if I had a trustee on the board that had a different idea and wouldn't stand up and would express his own views of it, I'd throw him off the board." Yes, sir. though is contrary to my belief. I want him to express what he thinks is right. That's what I got him there for. See what see what he says about it. But we have that. How many Let me get blunt here. How many messaged pastors will say that's what I do? Can I keep going? How many how many husbands say that's what I do with my wife, with my kids when they have a different opinion? I know I'm in trouble here. I am so on thin ice. How many husbands treat their wife that God gave you that woman for a purpose? Not to say that you're right all the time. Quiet in here. She has a mind. This ain't in my notes. Okay. So, I don't know what I'm talking about. All right. Never experienced this. But there's a reason that God gave that person to you. There's a reason God gives God gave you kids and sometimes they have really good ideas. Are you easily entreated? Are you gentle? is your wisdom. You say your son comes say, "Dad, I really believe you should get me that 2026 Ford 150 out there. You're 12 years old. I know, Dad, but I really need that." Are you gentle with your wisdom? Or is it go shut up, you dumb kid? I know you wouldn't do that, but I'm just asking. the prophet, the prophet of the age mentioned personally in the Bible. He did not run his church like I know everything and you know nothing. He said that trust is there for a purpose and if they disagree with me and they don't say it, they don't speak up and say it. And he could have told by the way. Oh, that's right, brother Brandham. I agree with you. He could have turned and say, "Phil, you don't agree with me. You're lying to me. That's right. I'm just trying to be popular with you. Yeah, exactly. Just want to go along with it. See, demon demons are not just about getting us to live evil life or get us to go out to to fall to our addictions or go out and get drunk or do get high or run around or something like that. That's not what it is because that's so easily seen. That's not dis that's not deceptive at all. But what demons like to do is get you to live a good holy life where where you're you're you're good, you're religious, you're loving, you're kindhearted, you're nice to everybody, you're always doing something for someone in the church. And you people look at, man, that a wonderful person, that sister, she's just so sweet and kind and nice. And then you get to know her a little bit and she's still got that dominating iron disposition. That's where it gets deceptive because you think we think because we do all these good things, we follow all these rules, then that makes in a good place, good standing with God, God's saying, God's looking and says, "You still are perverted because you are acting like a male." I'm not talking about male and female. I'm talking about as a church. I am talking about male and female. And if oh goodness sake brother if your wife has that disposition then what do you have because if you both have that male dispos disposition the the leadership you got chaos. And how many times, oh my, how many times have you looked at a couple and you recognize, yep, you folded, brother. You gave up. You quit the fight for peace. He said, but you're supposed to be easily intreated. I said, do not compromise, too. There's a difference. You got to stand for the truth. You got to stand for what's right. And you can do it from a gentle disposition. So, I don't know about that. Well, let me give you an example what the prophet gave. Remember the the brother came to the prophet said, "My wife is horrible and and I can't get her to act right, and I keep trying to cast the devil off of her." He said, "You're going about it the wrong way." Well, what should I do? What do you say? Buy her chocolate. You got me right there, boy. I'll come along. buy chocolate to cast off a devil. Easily intreated, gentle, kind, love. Look what that brother had to do. Die to himself. He was not being submissive to his wife. He was being submissive to the Holy Spirit. That the Holy Spirit could come and work through him and bring that spirit, cast that spirit out and bring her to subjection. Because if you have iron disposition, fighting iron disposition, all you got are sparks. You're going to crush each other. Probably get divorced. So we manipulate people to meet our needs. Let me let me give you another example. A miracle happens. I meet an old lady and fall in love and I want to marry her. So what do I do? I start being really nice to her. I start being charming. I try to make her laugh. I be dishonest and let her think that I have a lot of money. I'm trying to manipulate her to get from her something that I I want to give her love, but I want her love back. And there's nothing wrong with that as long as you're not being dishonest. But the problem is a lot of times and our actions are dishonest and after you get married, she looks at you say, "Boy, I you you sure changed when we got married." Why? Because I was being hypocrite to begin with. Look how charming I am. Just be genuine. Be real. They're going to find out anyways. But what is it? I'm giving you something because I want something back. It's selfish. Remember what brother Brandon was talking to those young men one time? And I'm just going to chop this up. But he said, he said, "Now you all love your wives. You married your your wives." But he said, "What if before you got married, you went to that woman and and you said, "Honey, I'd like to marry you." She said, "Well, I will marry you, but I would be happy with this other brother." He said, "Do you love her right? Do you love her enough to say it will go go with her even though you love her with all your human hearted love? See, that's what agape does. It does what's best for the other person. Human love does what's best for me. That's what you die to, friends. You got to get something out. We're trying to control the outcome. See, this is you. You can't control Jesus like that. He won't be controlled by emotional appeal. Have you ever wasted your time praying, trying to appeal to God's emotions? Look how miserable I am. Look how I'm stumbled. Look how weak I am. Oh my goodness, I'm so sick. Oh, this stuff is Oh, God. Don't you feel sorry for me. He ain't moved. He ain't moved by that, friends. He's not moved by your self-pity, by your victimhood. He's moved by faith. Luke 7 31. And the Lord said, "Weren to then shall I liken the men of this gener generation?" What are they like? They're like unto children, sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, "We have piped unto you. You have not danced. We have mourned to you. You have not wept. Look how religious I am. Look what I'm doing. And you're not responding to me the way I want you to respond. Let me give you another example. I'm almost done here. I think this will get me in trouble again. Okay. So, sister husband's coming home a couple hours and you're just in a good mood and you just really appreciate your husband and you say, "I'm gonna do something special for dinner." So, you make his favorite meal and you go ahead and um you you bake some bread, homemade bread. He loves homemade bread. And so, you go a little out of the way and make this really great meal. He comes in, sits down to eat, and the whole house smells like baked bread. There's nothing better than that smell. And it's just amazing, right? He sits down, he eats about three servings, everything. He said, "I got to go more of the grass." Gets up and walks out. Never the first thing, a thank you. That was good. Any appreciation at all? Now, before I go any further, brother, if you do that, you're a jerk. I'm not justifying that behavior. But here's my point. And I know you sisters don't do this, but what happens as a a typical woman after all I done and not even a simple thank you. What? Oh my goodness, I am so underappreciated. I slave all the time here. I raise the kids. I take care of that and no one ever appreciates me because of one missed thank you. And we dive down that rabbit hole into wallowing in our self-pity and our victimhood and oh woe is me protecting myself because I got my feelings hurt. So an hour later husband comes in got the got the lawn mode and sister she's on her tablet and she's on her Facebook. Oh good. You have a good day honey? Yeah. Anything you want to talk about? No, everything's fine. You seem like something's bothering you. No, I'm fine. Okay. And it's just chilly the whole night. It's time to go to bed. Again, friends, I have no idea what I'm talking about. Don't take this serious. I don't I've never experienced this. Time to go to bed. They get in bed. She lays down. She looks over him. said, "Oh, by the way, you're welcome for dinner." And rolls over and turns off the light. Huh? What do you mean? And the reality is that poor dumb guy probably has no clue what's going on, but he's supposed to read her mind. He said, "What do you mean? I I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it." But you did not even say, "I I made bread for you. I did this and you never appreciate me. I don't want to talk about it." Rolls back over. And the poor guy, he's laying there. I'm sorry. I didn't even think I I my my mind was busy about something. I What if she would have stopped protecting herself long enough when he comes in, she could have said something like, "Honey, did you like dinner?" "Oh, yeah. It was wonderful. I just I just You didn't say anything. I just wanted to make sure that it was okay with you." You know what would have happened? He'd have been growling at her feet. Honey, I am so sorry. I appreciate what you do for me. I I would never do that on purpose. I love you so much. And my mind was just busy. I never thought about that. I appreciate you so much. Think of the atmosphere in the home the rest of that evening instead of that ice box. You know why she doesn't do it or why he doesn't do it? Because you had to humble yourself. You got to die to yourself and make yourself vulnerable and maybe get hurt again. That's what human love will do for you. All right, let me let me w wind this down. You know, Brother Bram said, "Living for others is eternal life." And so, how many times do we decide we're going to start living for others and we go about doing good deeds for other people? And we make sure people know that we're living for others. You ain't living for others. That's right. You're living for yourself. That's right. I know. We took up a collection for that that church over in in uh Africa that we needed. I Boy, not not bragging, but I dug pretty deep on that one. so concerned with people's opinions of us. What are you thinking of me? What is what is my reputation right now? Demanding respect, seeking self- advancement. It's selfishness, friends. And spirit of liberty will not do that in you. Let me say this one more thing. We try to quit. When we make a sacrifice and we make sure that people know my sacrifice. Look how hard I worked to do this. Look what I've done for you. Look at the meal I cooked for you. Look at whatever you know whatever I studied and studied to get come up with this message for you and you're acknowledging your sacrifice. What you are doing is you're walking up to Calvary. Say, "Jesus, come on down. Come on down. My turn for my sacrifice to be worshiped. Let me hang from the cross for a while so everyone can look at me. Look at my sacrifice. Ain't I a wonderful person? That is what human love can produce. So, we're going to stop there and I think it gets a little happier this afternoon. Can't promise you. I appreciate you. You guys listen great this morning. Go ahead and stand. Isn't God good to us? He He You say, "Well, what was this all about this morning?" Is he does not want us to be deceived into some kind of false worship, some kind of hybrid religion where we are worshiping oursel and worshiping Christ at the same time. He And here's the thing. Here's the thing, friends. Oh, this is exciting. If you're born again, everything you have need is in that C gene of God because it is part of God. The rapture is in there. Rapturing faith, perfect love, agape love, everything you need. The faith for everything you need is in there. It's all in there. And all he's saying is, "Let me express it. Get out of the way so I can express myself and show that I'm a mighty healer. I'm a mighty deliverer. I'm a mighty savior. I am a comforter. I am everything you have need of. But the only thing that's keeping it is because your human love is still getting in my way. Die daily to that old nasty nature, that old nasty self. And when your human love can express itself and it doesn't interfere with the with with the presence of God in your life, that's wonderful. But as soon as it starts interfering with your relationship with Christ, recognize it for what it is and die to that old nasty thing. Amen. He just wants to express himself through you. That's his whole purpose of having you here. Express himself. And your biggest enemy is yourself. Is that all right? Amen. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful, Father, that you would come and show your purpose for us to to just put this out there so we can recognize how Satan works through us, trying to get us to to to interfere, trying to get us to do something that grieves away the Holy Spirit. But Father, you give us the word and you say, "I am setting you free. I'm setting you free from this so that you know that that that what it takes to die to yourself. You know what it takes to let my spirit live through you that you can be free to express all that I have to express. Lord Jesus, I pray that this word that would come out this morning that has the effect that you want it to have. Father, bring us back this afternoon because I believe you have something to just really pick us up and send us soaring. And so, Father, won't you come and do that for us? Bless us this this as we go to lunch here in a little bit, Lord. And just bless our fellowship. And father, let your spirit of unity just just prevail and just reign in all our lives. We ask this Lord in your name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother and sister. You guys have been great this morning. I think every one of us hopefully will be able to understand a little bit better about that border right there. Isn't that right? of having natural affections is good. Ain't that right? But sometimes, amen, there's there's that barrier there between your natural affections and agape love. Amen. And we want all of us want that agape love to predom to be predominant. Amen. That's the one that dominates us even though we do need to be able to have feelings for each other. Amen. And so, and feelings in every aspect. Amen. And so I like what he said about, you know, as long as all of your emotions and feelings and things like that are checked by the Holy Ghost, it's okay. But if not, Amen. You got to watch out. Amen. That's where the devil comes in. Praise the Lord. Amen. Um, once like a bird in prison, I dwelt. Amen. Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwelt. No freom from my sorrow I felt. Then Jesus came and he listened to me and glory to God. [Music] Yes, he set me free and he broke the bond of prison for me. Well, I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. And now I am climbing higher each day. Oh darkness of night has drifted. Our planet on higher ground. And glory to God I'm homeward bound where he set me free. Yes, he set me free and he broke the bond of prison for me. Well, I'm glory bound, my Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. Well, goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Well, daily I'm working. I'm praying to. And glory to God. Well, I'm going through. Well, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. And he broke the bond of prison for me. Well, I'm glory bound my Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. Amen. Are you happy to be free this morning? Amen. Amen. Amen. And I told Brother Phil, he could have just stayed on one foot instead of getting on both of them. He's supposed to be my friend. Amen. But God's good to us, isn't he? You know, I I told someone the other day, they asked me if I was mean when I was a kid. I said, "Yeah, my dad tore me up." But I said, "You know, I never felt that my dad didn't love me." That's why our heavenly father loves us this morning. Say, "Well, he tore us up." No, he just showed you. He just said, "Brother David, wait, I love you a whole bunch this morning." Amen. God bless you as you go. Well, glory to God. He set me free. Well, and he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Well, he broke the bond of prison for me. Well, I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me free. Oh, and he set me free. Yes, he set me free. And he broke the bonds of prison for me when I'm glow. Reap my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. [Music]
