################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 7925 • Wed. • The Power of the Mind - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 7/9/25 • Wed. • The Power of the Mind
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxbG8HSNHjM
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Ooh. [Music] Ooh. Oh. [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's stand and sing that tonight if we could. Oh, he's alive man will. Oh, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Jesus is alive. Amen. You believe it tonight? Let's sing it again. Oh yes. He's alive that will living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Birth Jesus is alive and well. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. We're together again if we could. Amen. Well, we're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. And something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Yes. Just praising the Lord. [Music] We're together again. Yes. Oh, just praising the Lord. Together again. It won't accord. And something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Let's sing it to him one more time. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. Yes, we're together again in one accord. [Music] And something good is going to happen. That is in store. We're together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Amen. Well, when I think the goodness of Jesus, oh, and all he has done for me. Well, then my soul cries out. Oh, hallelu. Oh, praise God for saving thee. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, well then my soul cries out. [Music] Oh, praise God for saving me. Amen. You happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Brother Josh, would you open the service in prayer tonight, Brother Josh? Amen. Are you washed in the blood tonight? Amen. Well, have you been to Jesus for that cleansing fire? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you fully trusting in his grace? This hour wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you Yes, Lord. Oh, in the blood. In that soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Oh my spotless are they white as are you washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Well, do you rest each moment in the city? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in the blood? Well, in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb, blood spotless are the white [Music] washed in the blood of the lamb. And when the bridegroom come, will your robes be white? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for that bride? Oh, are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Where are you? The blood. Yes. Oh, in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Where are your garments? Spotless are they white as snow in the blood of the lamb. This is my desire. Now lay aside the garments that are stained with sin and be washed in that blood of the lamb. Well, there's a fountain blowing for the soul unclean. Or are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Where are you born? In the blood. Oh, in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Once again, if we could. Oh, are you washing [Music] the blood cleansing blood of the lamb? Where are your garments? Spotless are they white? [Music] Amen. and you're thankful for the blood tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. We won't keep you standing. And man, it's just good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. We're just so happy. And I just me and Brother Steve Avery, we still text occasionally. And we always text on Wednesday and Fridays. And he texts, we always text. He says, "Today is Wednesday. we get to go to church. I said, "That's right. What an opportunity that we get to be here tonight. I know some couldn't be here, but I'm glad I'm here. Aren't you?" And and then I woke up this morning and that song began to go over and over in my mind. My hope is in the Lord. And I began to think about it and I said, "Lord, where else could we go but to you today?" Amen. Let's sing that song, Brother Carson. It is mine. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. Aren't you thankful for that peace? Amen. Well, God's abiding peace, it's in my soul today. Yes, I feel it now. Oh yes, I feel it now. And he has paid good all my doubts and fears away. though I cannot tell. Well, it is mine. It's mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, blessed be his name. mine for all eternity. [Applause] And he has wrought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my rapured heart. I can feel it now. Each passing all that keeps me saved and blessed floods with heart and brown. Will it mine? [Applause] Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine. Yes, it's mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. And he has given me a never failing joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. His grace I will my ransom power employ and renew my grace for thou. Well, it is mine, mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to peace. mine. Oh yes, blessed be his name. Mine for all later eternity. And oh the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. ways of joy and gladness. For my spirit rose, thrilling me with life divine. Oh, it is mine. Yes, it's mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine. Yes, it's my name mine for all etern. Sing that last verse again if we could. And oh the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. and waves of joy and gladness for my spirit rose, thrilling me with life divine. It is mine. Oh yes, it's mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. [Music] Amen. Are you thankful for that tonight? Amen. Brother Daniel and brother Michael John and brother Caleb, would you come take up the offering tonight? Uh, Sister Sherry asked that we remember Brother Glenn tonight. and she said he'd been really dizzy today. He couldn't hardly walk and he's home. I'm sure he's streaming. God bless you, brother Glenn. And we want to remember him and also Sister Parish and Sister Peggy, our shutins tonight. That God would just be with them tonight. And also uh Sister Becky asked that we'd remember Laura uh in prayer. She's been dealing with pain and inflammation since January and uh they're coming down this weekend and uh and traveling is pretty rough on her. So, they just ask that that we'd remember them tonight. And uh just pray that God will just touch her body. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known with uplifted hands. And I know a lot of you have seen it and uh we want to remember those people in Texas that have lost their families and they've lost everything and some of them have lost they still haven't found some of the young people from that camp. Just remember them. We're going to ask brother Brad if he'll come and take these needs to the Lord in prayer tonight. Our hearts tonight before him. Heavenly Father, we come before you Lord. Grateful to be here Lord. Thankful for our health and the well-being that we could just come and worship you tonight and spirit and truth with believers of like precious faith, Lord. And as we assemble here tonight, we just invite you into the presence, Lord, and into our midst that we could receive from you tonight, Lord. We just ask, Lord, that you would just pour out yourself amongst us, Lord. That you would speak to each and every heart that's here tonight, Lord, just to draw us closer to you and pull us in tight to you tonight, Lord. Lord, you heard the needs of the people tonight, Lord. the different ones that that need a touch from you and the different ones with Sister Laura. We just ask Lord that you would just minister to her body tonight, Lord, as the great physician that you would go in and you would find any of the inflammation or what the cause of the inflammation, Lord, and that you could just go in and just touch her body tonight, Lord. That the inflammation would have to leave. And we rebuke that that uh enemy tonight, Lord, in in your precious name, the name the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. and the different needs, the other ones. Lord Jesus, we just come hungering tonight, Lord. So, we just ask, Lord, that you would just move on the scene tonight in a special way. Speak through our pastor that Lord, he's labored and studied and prayed and but Lord, we just ask that he would you would be able to move freely through him tonight, Lord, as a conduit. Just speaking from the throne of heaven to the to the hearts in man tonight, Lord, into the very throne of our heart. Would you find yourself a place to seat? We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts. In your precious name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. We've been made more than conquerors tonight if we could. We've been made more than coner. [Music] Overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious [Applause] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Once again, oh, we've been made more than coner [Music] overs in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Aren't you glad we're victorious tonight? And Amen. And uh I forgot to make mention uh it's good to have Victoria. They call her Tori. God bless you. She's here visiting with us tonight. And Amen. We're going to cut our part short tonight. And we're going to turn to service to Brother Thomas. Let's stand and sing that once again. We've been made more than conquerors as brother Thomas comes tonight. And Amen. How many's looking forward to a wonderful time in the Lord tonight? And Amen. I sure enjoyed Sunday. Didn't you? And but you know what? When I ate a good meal yesterday, I got I get hungry today. Don't you? The rest come hungry tonight. Amen. Let's sing it again as brother Thomas comes. Oh, we've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious. through the blood of Jesus Christ. Once again, oh, we've been made more than come. God bless you, overcomers in this life. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. How many is victorious tonight? Let's give him a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." It is good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And good to see so many out this on a Wednesday. Amen. God bless you. I think that'll be all for the music. Thank you, musicians. Amen. We are certainly proud of our musicians. Amen. We've got some really, really good musicians and we appreciate them. Amen. You can be seated a minute. Amen. We have uh one at least one testimony that somebody wants to give tonight. So here, Brother Brad, would you go give her that mic? Sister Janette, she's got a testimony she wants to give. So, Amen. Praise the Lord. Can't wait to hear this, sister Janette. Amen. Always like good news, right? Well, it's it's good and it's bad. Let's put it both ways. Good. To me, to me, it's good. Hold it up there close so we can all hear you. Well, about two years ago, you know, I went to the doctor and like Sister Donna, they told me, you know, go home and get things in order. And u you know, it's pulmonary fibrosis, which is uh thickness of the lungs. So, I've been hanging on, you know, for a year and a half with test and this and that. But then some doctors don't like that it's, you know, three to five years. So, they want to do more test, more test, more tests. But the deal is is they really can't tell me if it's pulmonary fibrosis. But they can tell me it's not asthma, it's not rheumatoid arthritis, it's not lupus. They can tell me what it's not. So, what was it again that they said? They can't tell you that it's not that, but they had said it was. Well, at first he said pulmonary fibrosis, right? And then the deal is as you progress, you're supposed to have honeycomb shapes show up in the lungs. Mine hasn't progressed that far yet. It's slow. It's very slow. Hold on. Yeah. And a lot of it's got to do with the diet and and my genetic makeup over the years. Yeah. And uh with talking to the doctor today, I mean, she took eight vials about four or five weeks ago and was testing me for everything under the sun. And the only thing it come back and showed and I'm like, "Sister Lord, there's inflammation in the body. There's only three stages. You've got the mild, moderate, and then very high. Mine's 5.5, which is moderate. But they tell me it's only going to go one way, which God has blessed me so much. Yeah. Because my symptoms are not what they think they should be. They think they should be so much worse. It's not funny. Praise the Lord. But in this last scan I had, the technician himself put it right there on the paper and said that pulmonary fibrosis is so rare. The chances are it wasn't that. But then the tests that come out show today and talking to the doctor said that's what everything's showing because nothing else is showing up. And my praise is I've got a great physician. It's the only thing I got because no other doctors can tell me anything in this world. That's right. And so my faith is in my position. That's right. And I I'm going to go the way he wants me to go. I can't say whether it's going to be good or go bad because it's in his hands. Yeah. And I've been that way since the day I was prognosed and talking to Sister Becky. And God did a change in my life that day. I can pinpoint that day because my soul changed that day. And and that's what it is. I'm I'm stable and saved and healed in my soul because the body is only given to us for so long on this earth anyway. And so I know where I'm going. Yeah. I have no doubt because I am the special one. I'm rare. What I've got's rare. Praise the Lord. And I praise God for it every day. Amen. Amen. Thank you, sister Jack. Amen. Let's stand once again. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father, as we come before you, Lord, tonight once again, assembling ourselves together, Lord, in your name. Father believing Lord Jesus says you'll come and speak to us. Speak to our hearts. You know just what each and every one of us has need of. I don't but you do Lord. And so Father Lord that which I you've impressed upon my heart to speak Lord. We ask God that truly believe Father it's for someone here Lord Jesus. So may we all have an ear to hear what the spirit says to the church tonight Lord. And we ask God that you'd help me Lord to be surrendered Lord so that you could speak Father just what you once said Lord. Keep me from saying one word Lord Jesus out of the way or in myself Lord but let it all be done by the Holy Spirit Father tonight. Lord we thank you for the wonderful testimony to faith to confidence Lord Jesus that you've given our sister Janette Lord Jesus and for the work that you're doing Lord and we're believing for her healing Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father. And each and every one, Lord, Father, in here, God, that has anything that they're not supposed to have and the devil has put it on them. We renounce it in the name of Jesus Christ and believe for our healing, Lord. We ask, God, tonight that you'd help me, Lord Jesus, as I try to minister this thought, Father, that I feel you've laid upon my heart now. Bless it. Bless the reading of the word and each one, those also that are streaming, Father. May they be attentive and may they receive something in their hearts, Lord Jesus. also as all those bless all those who've made an effort and was able to come out Lord to your house. May your will be done father in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. So we are here we are getting close to the middle of July. Told my wife I said I says you know just about almost six more weeks it'll be September. Can you imagine that? That's fast ain't it? you know, middle of July. At least if my math, my Amish math is right, that's about right. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. Already looking forward to fall, aren't we? Not really. Now, I like springs better. I like these long days. Sun go down, gets dark about 9:00, you know, and Amen. So, praise the Lord. Looking forward to a good Saturday. Praying the Lord will hold the rain off and Amen. have good fellowship with everybody that can come. Amen. Turn your Bibles now if you will and we'll go to St. Mark 12 and 28. St. Mark 12 and 28. And I c called this part four of our little series, but it's not really a series. It's continuing on talking about Amen. how uh uh talking about the have loving loving God. Amen. And so this evening in Mark 12, we'll begin with verse 28. It says, "And one of the scribes came, having heard them reasoning together." I'm going to move this down a little bit. Reasoning together, perceiving that he had answered them, "Well, asked him, which is the first commandment of all." Amen. And Jesus answered him, "The first of all the commandments is here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. And the second is like unto it, namely this. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is no other commandment greater than these. Amen. May God add his blessings to reading of the word. You can be comfortable. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, amen. Amen. I believe over in I didn't go through here. Don't really want to go down this road too much, but in first John somewhere, it talks about how that if uh you know that the the commandment is that thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, and on this hang all the law and the prophets. So, this is the greatest commandment. Can you imagine a world tonight where everybody Well, how many knows first of all um that the Bible says in Ephesians that a man is to love his wife as himself? Is that right? He's supposed to love him his wife as much as he does himself, you know. And truly, if that's the case, how many knows uh you know, we really don't have a problem loving ourselves, do we, brother John? And no, we don't. Most of the time we're pretty selfish. Most of the time we like to make sure we're taken care of. Is that right? And if we would do that for our wife, you know, it' be a, you know, happy wife, happy life. Amen. And here God is telling us now back to my thought. Imagine a world where everybody would love their neighbor as themselves. Isn't that something? If everybody, not just your wife, but it' be that kind of love. Ain't that right? If you would care as much about the next guy as you do yourself, well, you wouldn't hardly need any more commandments. You wouldn't have to have a commandment, thou shalt not kill or hate, right? Or cheat or lie or covet. Instead of coveting, you'd be giving. You know, it'd be a a perfect world. I say that perfect world not lightly. That just comes to mind. But I believe that's the truth because how many knows when you get over there, but Abraham says you nothing but love. Perfect love enters there. And that's all there is there is that perfect love. Amen. There's no animosity. There's none of that anywhere. You won't find any of that anywhere. Amen. So, I don't want to focus on all these, but I want to focus on a few of these. So, if you'll notice the first commandment, the one commandment that's part of that first, he says, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart." You know, if God's going to God's going to tell you how to love him, he's going to pick the biggest parts, the main parts of you, the most important parts of you. How many knows? The most important part would be your heart. Jesus said one place he says, "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also." It's not hard to figure out what people love and where their heart is. Isn't that right? It's what they do. It's what they talk about all the time. It's what their mind is on all the time. Their actions speak louder than their words. Amen. So, whoever your treasure is, dare will your heart be also. Amen. And I'm just going to put this in because it comes to my mind. How many knows brother Brandham's treasure was over yonder? remember his the wife is the wife of his youth hope died and Sharon Rose died at a very young age and he promised that he would meet her and brother Bam says I'm on the battlefield and he says keep pressing the battle she had told him to go and press the battle and he said he's looking to finish the battle and go and keep that appointment that he had ain't that right so he had a treasure over there and he always looked for that time live for that time amen so with all of your heart, with all of your soul, with all of your mind, and with all what else is left and with all of your strength. Amen. Sometimes when we get happy and when we get to worshiping the Lord and we want to make a sacrifice to God and we get to dancing and shouting and jumping and everything else, you know, I thought, you know, as we get older, it gets harder to run. It gets harder to jump. You better jump. You better run while you can cuz one of these days it ain't going to be so easy. Oh, could you do a little bit of kick maybe or something? Who knows? Hello. But we might as well worship the Lord while you got strength. Give him praise while you got strength. So God demands your heart. He demands your soul. He demands your mind. He demands your strength. He wants you to love him with everything that you got. Amen. Praise the Lord. After all, how many how many believes that our heart where our heart is, our heart is looking for the Lord to come in the clouds of heaven. One of these mornings, he's going to come in the clouds of heaven. This is truly at where our heart is. That's where our mind is. You got to worship him and love him with all of your mind. And our mind is there looking at what's going on around the way the world is how it's I was just sitting down the other day. I was sitting down just the other day and I was thinking you know of how late how far down the road we really are and how that it doesn't matter how much longer it goes. The real genuine believer should be looking for him to come in the morning. You should be believing that it's just could happen any time. That's how you should live. I don't care if it goes another thousand years. Didn't brother say, you know, you know, I believe he'll come in my generation. I don't believe that I would live out my life, you know, be uh die of an old man before he would come. But if he I don't know, he says, I don't know. He could come another thousand. I don't know. Nobody knows. But he believed that he would come just before even 77. The prophet believe he would be here. I don't I don't know, brother Brad. Some people kind of, you know, ushering in of the millennium. No, I believe he meant that it'd be over with 77. That's the way I read it. What? They wouldn't go past that. And then we went 77, 87, 97, and when it come to 2000, we all popped their eyes open a little. Oh, what's going to happen 2000? This is the year 2000. All kinds of predictions and everything else. How many has heard, you know, great Socrates, not Socrates, but these great men that predict, hey, at a certain time he's going to come and it's going to, you know, and it hasn't happened. That's right. How do you know better? Cuz I'm still here. Cuz you see, it just so happens I believe I'm going to be one of them. I don't I don't question that one bit. Do you question that that you're going to be one of them? God take any shadow of a doubt out of my mind, out of your mind. You're going to be there. Amen. Didn't he say something about you'll go to a preacher's house and you won't be there? Woo. Oh, thank you, Lord. Even got a word for it. Now, if hopefully none of y'all's coming to see me. Hopefully, it'll be somebody else coming to see me cuz I want y'all to meet me in the air. Is that right? Not you get up there and do like that young man in uh down in uh Louisiana that thought the rapture took place, you know, and ended up running up the aisle in his pajamas making sure he don't want to miss the rapture. Amen. Praise the Lord. So that's our heart's desire, isn't it? That's where it should be. Let me How many knows that in order for you to run this race, right? In order for you to uh uh live this life the way that you ought to. Amen. It is like that story of that bicycle that brother Bam talked about. The reason he made it across that plank all the way and all of his no handlebar buddies that rode without hand, they all went off. They asked him, "How did you do it?" Well, I kept focused on the end. I didn't look at all this. I didn't look at my bank account. I didn't look at how much more land I'm going to get or how much richer I'm going to get or my retirement or whatever. I didn't look at the things right here. I was looking at the end. How many believes that? Amen. And that's what you and I are looking at. Amen. At that rapture, at the time when the Lord comes to takes us home. Amen. And we're preparing for that. Amen. And tonight's message is going to be centered around Amen. the mind. So, do we have that title? Amen. I want to talk about the power of the mind. I've preached this many times before, but I trust, you know, I I thought, well, you know, I preached it again, but it must be for somebody. Amen. You know, maybe it's for every one of you. Maybe it's just for a few of you. Maybe it's just for one of you. Amen. How many knows Jesus went many times among sick people, different ones, and they were all sick, a bunch of them, but he didn't heal them all. He came for that one person. Now, personally, I like it whenever it's for everybody. The whole crowd was healed. Everybody got healed. I like those, but it's not always that way. Now, how many knows that not even Jesus knew whether which way it was going to be because he would just follow the leading of the father, the spirit on the father on the inside, whatever he said he would do. And if it was just a man that was not even going to die from the disease. Amen. But he had faith and was led of the father. I do nothing but what my father shows me first. Amen. So, he had to see it of the father before he did anything. So we want to deal a little with the help of the Lord about I want to deal with that mind part the part of the mind. Amen. Amen. Now the one statement that brother Bram said about the mind he says the mind is the womb to the soul. Is that right? The mind is the womb to the soul. So it's something that t takes something in. Your mind takes it all in, don't it? It takes it in. And it's like feeding. It's like eating. Amen. And I just before I come out, I thought, you know, how do you even how do you even digest things in your mind? Well, first of all, you have to hear it. And faith comes by hearing. How many believe faith comes by hearing? And Jesus said, he said, "In them is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which says, "By hearing ye shall hear and shall not understand. In seeing you shall see and shall not perceive. For this people's heart is waxed gross. Their ears are dull hearing. Their eyes have they closed least at any time I should uh they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears and should understand with their heart." Amen. Amen. And should be converted, and I should heal them. But blessed are your eyes, for they see, and blessed are your ears, for they hear. I want you to know, we could have a whole Jericho march on that one right there. That's right. Because why? You could be anywhere in this world, folks. You could be into anything out there. Yes. But God has opened your ears. He has given you an ear to be able to hear. He has given you eyes to be able to understand. What an honor. What a That's why he said, "Blessed are you. He that has an ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches." Is it okay if it comes to my mind that he was actually not talking to the ones that don't aren't able to hear? He didn't say to those who don't have an ear, listen. No, he said to those who have an ear to hear. You're not going to hear it unless you've been given an ability to be able to hear. And that's grace. That's God's sovereign grace to you. Amen. And I'm happy for that. Lord, he may have to put us in a hospital. He may have to put you in jail. He may have to put you this, that, and the other. But he's going to get you to the place to where you're listening because he knows you got a ear to hear and he'll catch your attention. Praise be to God. I don't care what God's got to do. Just get my, you know, get my attention. Help me to be able to hear what the spirit saith. Amen. We hear it said that the music that's played before church, you know, it's like going to war. Ain't that right? Like they play trumpets and man, they go in and they march and march and march and march before battle. And then when the preacher comes, when he open the word, when you begin to speak, how many know that's the battle? That's where the battle is because every word that comes out of my mouth, every word that's both going is coming into yours, you're hearing it, and then you're having to make a decision on what to do with it. It's a battle. It's the battleground. Before we get into that in the decor of it, I want to first of all say that the mind is where we receive things. That's where we it first comes into here. It's the womb to the soul. So, let's talk about eating for a minute. I was reading my Bible. I don't know when it was but there was somewhere in the old testament I come across something that I had seen in the new testament so when I begin to think about this thinking about the mind feeding the mind feeding what how many know is listening to the word your mind is always feeding you're always thinking thoughts amen thoughts or bad thoughts whatever it might be But so to my tonight tonight I want to I want to emphasize on our minds and the importance of our mind the power that is in the mind and what it does. Amen. But in Ezekiel 1 and we'll begin with no chapter 2 verse 7. Now, God had actually talked to Ezekiel and he was going to talk to his people because they were backsliden and hard-headed and all these things. But he says, "And thou shalt speak my words unto them whether they will hear or whether they will forebear, for they must they are a most rebellious. But thou son of man, hear what I say unto thee. Be not thou rebellious like the rebellious house. Open thy mouth and eat that I give thee. And when I looked, behold, an hand was set upon me, and lo, a roll of a book was therein. Amen. And he spread it before me, and it was written within and without, and there was written therein lamentations and mourning, and woe. Moreover, chapter three. Moreover, he said unto me, son of man, eat that thou findest, eat this roll. In other words, eat this scroll, this word, right? Eat this word, and go speak unto the house of Israel. So I open my mouth, and he caused me to eat that robe. Amen. And he said unto me, son of man, cause thy belly to eat it, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then I then did I eat it, and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness. Now the only difference between this and revelations is that in Revelations when it talks about it talks about in my belly, in my mouth it was sweet, but in my belly it was bitter. Now remember revelations 10:7. How many knows? Mighty angel comes and opens up the book and the thunders are their voices and everything. The seven seals become open. Are you with me? They come open. All right. And then in verse seven, it says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again." Now, now John was a type of the church, the bride, okay? and said, "Go, take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, "Give me that little book." And he said unto me, "Take it, and eat it up, and it shall be it shall make thy betty belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." Amen. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. Amen. How many knows? What do we come to church for? What are we doing? Feeding the sheep. How many is eating tonight? That's right. We're all feeding. We're eating on the word of God. Eat it up. Amen. I like I like what he said. I went to the angel and I said unto him, "Give me the little book." How many would say, "Give me another book. Give me another tape. Let me have some more of that." Amen. I believe we'd be better off if we did more of that. Give me some more. I love that. I love Amen. Uh God's statue of a perfect man. Amen. I love all of these. The seals, the church ages. Amen. Give me that. Let me eat it up. Let me eat some of that. Sweet. Amen. All right. I ate it up. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, tongues, and kings." Isn't that exactly the truth? How many knows that as you you can talk to brother Biscll? heard him say it and and different ones, brother uh just different ones that at the time of brother Brandham when he was gone in 1965, there was not that much of distribution. But Africa exploded. The world exploded needing books and and revival and things things just went out. So this this message still needed to go to kings and nations. It still needs to go and it's going. Amen. So what are we eating? How many believes that it's important what we feed on? It's important what our minds feed on. Very very important and and uh because what we're going to do here in a minute hopefully we'll go back all the way back to Satan and his ambition. Isn't that right? and all the way back to heaven. And the angels, those angels that sided with the devil, ain't that right? The first thing that happened is they heard something and they believed it. Ain't that right? It went down into their hearts. They ate it. Hello. But the first thing that happened was it went from their ears to their mind. Their ears to the mind. And the same thing that happened with Eve. Is that right? God had told her a certain thing. The devil came and he told her and she heard something. She listened to it. Is that right? And she heard it and took it in her mind first. Amen. And as a result, Amen. The fall happened. And we'll get into that here in a minute. Let me lay a little foundation first. Believe this isn't spoken word. His original seed. I'm thinking out into the land where this message is going. From the east coast to the west, from California to New York, down into the south, up into the north, out into the missions, wherever it's going, and in this tabernacle. Now, I want you to know that this is sure. And you that listen to this tape or you preacher that preaches this, huh? You might have thought today. No, that wasn't wasn't the spoken word. The original seed. My my silly printer. He don't print I hit the wrong button. It don't print the title of which message, but I remember anointed ones in the end time is what I'm thinking it was. But listen, so he says, listen, you might have thought today I was trying to say that about myself being that I was packing the message. Huh? You think this message is brother Bam's message? You think we're following a man? No. About myself. I have no more to do with it than nothing. My no more than just a voice. It's just my voice. One time, this has come to me. His wife says, you know, they don't repent. They don't change. It doesn't do any good. It seems like why do you even preach it? But the man says, "Because there has to be a voice against it. There has to be something said against it. You can't just keep quiet." That's right. Has to be a voice. And my voice even against my better judgment. I want it to be a trapper. But it's the will of the father that I declare unto you. How many's glad to hear that? I'm glad that you're not just listening to what some man's idea was, but you're listening to the will of the father. The very god of heaven is the one that brought this message. The very one that created the stars and moon. It's his will. These messages, how many believes is God's will? You want to know what the god of will of God is? Here it is. How blessed a people we are. Amen. And I am determined to do. He said, "I wasn't the one that appeared down there on the river. I was only standing there when he appeared." Amen. We think a lot of Brother Benham. He was a real man of God. But he pointed us to Jesus. It was about God. It was about Christ. It's about the Holy Ghost tonight. That's what it's about. That's the one he wanted to lead us to. That's why in the picture, he has a picture of his finger showing pointing you to Christ. Any true servant will point you to Christ, not himself. Amen. Not yourself. Amen. When a man is always just pointing you to I I I I. The more a man says I, the sicker I get to my stomach. It's not about you. It's about God and what he is. Amen. All right. Now I know. So he says that's right. Appeared He says he's the one that performs these things and foretells these things that happens as perfect as they are. I'm only the near when he does it. How many believe that? He would come to the platform. He would use his eyes. He would show him the visions. He would forthtell things. That's not done by a man. That's done by God through a man. Amen. I was only a voice that he used to say it. It wasn't what I knew. It's what I just surrendered myself to. And he spoke through me. It isn't me. It wasn't the seventh angel. No, it was the manifestation of the son of man. How many believe that's what this dispensation was? As it was in the days of the Lot, so shall it be in the days of the son of man. On down. Now, let me just go a little bit further. He says, he says, "The angel was not the son of man. He was the messenger from the son of man. The son of man is Christ and he's the one that you are feeding on." You're not feeding on a man. A man's word, they'll fail. But you're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. How many knows that you become what you eat? You are what you eat. And I want you to know, we've got the kind of vitamins, we've got the kind of food. Amen. That'll help us lose weight. That's right. I'm here to tell you, it'll lay aside every weight and the sin that does so easily be said to you. And it'll help you to run this race with patience. This race that's set before us. I like that kind of a diet. This kind of a diet gives you supernatural power. I'm here to tell you, you ain't even got to go to gym to get a little stronger. All you got to do is eat these vitamins. Amen. People go to Walmart and they'll get these big bottles of whey. Ain't that right? These big bottles of whey. They want protein. Oh, them muscles. Amen. What we need is a little why. We need to eat on a little. Why? Why? Why? Why are the people Amen. But he says, "Why do you go to the God of Echron?" Amen. Is there no bomb in Gillig? Is there no physician there? Then why are the daughter of my people not healed? But the Bible says God had pro made a complete provision. He has completely provided. Amen. Us everything that we have need of. Evening night tabernacle. Everybody hearing my voice, you ain't got no excuse. Not even one little excuse for not to be supernatural, superpowered. We ain't got no excuse. [Applause] It ain't God's fault. It ain't brother Bam's fault. It's your fault cuz you don't feed on it the way that you you don't think on it like you ought to. Cuz there's invincibility in this food. Oh my. There's omnipotence in this food. He says, "Man that's completely surrendered to God is omnipotent." We look at Hercules and go, "Hercules, that skinny little scrawy little thing, he ain't nothing compared to God's people. You ain't seen nothing." That's right. You look at old Goliath and say, "Wow, look at them big old muscles. Five times the size of David. I don't see him. He's big." You say, "You little shrimp, you better get out of the way cuz this man down here, he's twice your size." Why? Because he got God on his side and you're fixing to go down. And that's the way it is with every disease, every sickness in here. I'm here to tell you the devil, he's fixing to go down cuz God's people are stronger than any devil. There ain't enough devils in hell to ever topple you. Not enough devils in hell come out of there in streams of demons. I'm going to tell you. I might as well tell you again. Julie ain't heard it. There's nobody that I folks, I'm here to tell you. I've been at the place. I've been there to where I felt like there was so many demons, so much pressure. So much pressure. They're all over me. All over me, piling on me, just beating on me. But guess what? Somebody was praying and there was something down on the inside of the inside and they said, "Get up. Get out of here. Shake them all off. Get off me, devils. Knock them out. I ain't going down cuz God's on my side. God's on your side. God's on our side. That's right. been there. I know what it's like. If he can't get you down with two devils, he'll get three. He'll get four. He'll get five. He'll get six. He'll get a hundred. That man that's down there, he's a son of God. Makes a difference. Now he's down there. He's down and he's saying, "God, your prophet said, there's not enough devils in hell to ever make him count again. Get off of me." Hello. There's not enough of you. Look around. There ain't enough of you. You got anymore. Ain't that what David said? Chopped. chopped that giant head off. I probably had to take both hands in his air. Hope he didn't have any light to grab him up here. Hey, y'all want some more? Why do you think when my wife whenever somebody gets healed of cancer, Amen, when one kills a devil, Amen, it gives us the rest? The rest of Israel said, "We can do it, too." Amen. Let's go. And we're going to drive the enemy all the way out the land. Amen. We'll find it later. Somebody bring it to me, will you? Come on, Michael. Bring it to me. There you go. Don't just look at it. All right. See, and I won't be so bad listening at me. Amen. How many believes that we truly we have truly been given spiritual food in due season. It was due. It was overdue. Malachi 4 was due. The world was in all kinds of churchity and doctrines and everything else messed up. But he brought us spiritual food just in time. How many believe that God shows up just in time? Right when we didn't know which way to go. Right when I was in Pinecraft, Amen. and wondering which is right, what's right, which way do I go, who do I listen to? He had a couple brothers there that knew the message of the hour. Hello. He had a provision made in due season, spiritual food. How many believe that's what this message is? Spiritual food for you to feed on. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. And if you haven't fed fully on the word of God to give yourself strength to fly above all these nations and things of the world, amen, will you do it at this time? Amen. We could rephrase that a little bit. If you haven't fed on the word of God to give you victory, to give you a little joy, maybe it's time that you do. Maybe it's time that we get this medicine that God has provided for us. and eat and take this medicine. Not be like brother Benham said. Amen. He's trying to those churches and he was trying to put their medicine in their mouth. This just comes. He tried to convince him that it's the truth. He said, "Now you know I can't do this. Now you know if he don't come, I can't do anything. But if he will come and do exactly like he did, you'll know what that it's him. Like when they broke bread and brother Brandon would say all those things all the time to make them realize, isn't that me? This is him doing the same thing. Amen. Tried and they still just wouldn't believe it. They just thought Brother Bam was another good preacher. He's another Billy Graham, another Oral Roberts, another good enemy with a gift. No, he was more than that. He was a mighty prophet of God. He was God's very prophet to this last age with thus sayeth the Lord. It wasn't his word. It was God's word. It's not his message. It's God's message. Amen. Brother Abraham says it's spoken word spiritual seed. All right. Now there has been three different kinds of seeds planted. He says I believe that the that we are near the harvest time. The seeds have been planted. Denominational seeds of the churches such as evangelical, the Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, and the Pentecostal seeds have been planted into the Pentecostal organizations. And great men like Oral Roberts, Tommy Hicks, Tommy Osborne, great men of God. See, and I believe, listen, and I believe that the word of God has been planted, unadulterated away from any of those organizations. How many believe we got the unadulterated, pure word of God? And a pure word will bring forth exactly like it did at first. If an archery, it's it's oh my make it quick. Amen. you. It's amazing how you can take a orange a lemon branch and graft it into a orange tree and and and and a tangerine and all these other ones. And brother Bam said to that man that did that, he says, "Now, next year they'll all be oranges." He says, "No, no, no, no, no, no." Huh? Isn't it amazing? No. They'll still be a peaches or whatever. Not peaches, but citrus. It'll still be a lemon. It'll still be this, that, or the other. Hello. And that's the way they they feed on that same citrus, but they still are what they are. But if it ever puts forth another original branch, how many I know, brother Brad, that we believe that we are part of that original branch. We are another branch that God's putting out. We're part of that last seed that has been sown. And God said, I have sown. My word will not come back to me, void. I will water it. I will tend to it. God will tend to you. Amen. He'll make sure that you make it. Aren't you glad for that? I hope this ain't a wrong statement, Brother Brad. Normally, you shouldn't make a statement you're not sure of. If you're one of his, you couldn't miss it if you tried. You couldn't miss it if you tried. Cuz you're not going to make void all that come to me. And no man can pluck them out of my hands. You won't pluck yourself out of his hands. He's going to lose none of them. Not a one that comes to him. Praise the Lord. To justify my statement, I bring to your mind and thoughts that brother Bram says, "If a son becomes rebellious as the one man did and preacher did and quit preaching, went out and got drunk, quit serving the Lord, couple days later, he died, but says God just took him home because he wouldn't be corrected." Hello. If you won't be corrected, God will take you home, but he won't lose you. Hello. That's right. God will lose in none of his. You love them for that. Praise be to God. Oh, I love this. I love this. It's sweet in my mouth. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I believe the word of God has been planted unadulterated away from any of those in organizations. See, the seed plant must have seed water before it can grow. It must have water to fall before the seed that's been planted can grow. Now, I'm going to finish the other quote that he said. He had three quotes, and I'm didn't link the middle one, but these are the two I wanted to get to, but he says about the same thing, but he says it again. So he says now he says all right now there has been three different kinds of seeds planted denominational Billy Graham he was the head planter or Roberts for the Pentecostals Pentecostal seeds been planted I'm talking about organization now and then the word has been planted how many knows that word where does it get planted at? Well, first it's spoken, but then it has to come into ground. Brother Bam says, you know, the word of God, but the Bible says Jesus said the word of God is a seed that a seeder sowed. And you, if you're ever going to see the manifestation, the power of God, you have to plant that word in your heart. Amen. You've got to plant it down in there. And you have to profess and confess that word. Sometimes our body wants to say no, I don't feel any better. Huh? Didn't even brother Bam says, "As long as you say, I'm not saved. I'm not a pretty good Christian." Then you're not going to be. I'm not worthy. You're never going to be. You got to say, "I believe I'm saved. I'm one of them. I'm one of God's people. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost." Amen. And your body will have to come subject to it. God will bring your body subject to it. Amen. And you got to plant it down there. Amen. Hallelujah. And the word has been planted. Amen. See, understand folks, I ain't saying this no more unless God tells me. Amen. And I want you to get it. Good and clear. Three seeds have been planted. That's the reason the planting's just about over. Amen. And others were trying to say that the rain has fallen already. Brother Brandham said there's going to be a ladder rain. There's going to be a rain that comes and falls on this seed. How many believes that there is going to be a spirit that comes and quickens the rapture that you believe everything that you put in your heart that that spirit will come and water that seed and bring it to harvest. Praise be to God. So, we're looking for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, that's just my foundation. We got 10 more minutes. Like I said earlier, it happened in heaven first. The devil got into the minds of angels. He got in their minds. Your mind is a very unique thing. Amen. Let this mind, Paul said, be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. Amen. How many believes that? Amen. That was also in Christ Jesus. Yeah. Right. Philippians 2 and 5. Then he also said that we have we have the mind of Christ, the mind of God. Now I don't know about you, but sometimes the way that my mind goes and as impatient as I get sometime, I'm like, Lord, help me. Lord, help me. Let me have and think the way God thinks. How many believe that? Amen. And I have one more quote out of the church age book I wanted to read about that mind about our mind and about this word before I actually go on. This will tie in. And I like this and pick up your pen and write. But he wrote that letter. He says he talks about the first son Adam. He says he was the spoken word seed of God. He was given a bride to reproduce himself. He says and that bride uh fell by hybridization. Didn't she? The second Adam, the second Adam, Jesus also was a spoken word seed of God, given a bride like as Adam was, but before he could marry her, she had also fallen. Amen. How many know just before he could marry her, cuz the book of Acts was just the way it was supposed to be. And if you'll notice, the first church age don't start till 50 years after the death of Christ. 50 years is when she fell and went into the church ages. But listen to this. She fell and look how many knows down through the dark ages she went into complete apostasy. Complete darkness. It was very very dark and reformation came through Lucer and so forth. And I, oh my, when I think about brother Brandham saying that this little group, this bride is going to have to be in her ve his very image in order to be united with her. Right? Remember that? He says she's got to be in his very image in order to be united with her. And brother Bam talked about the ministry. The ministry of the bride is going to have to be so much like him until it's just like him. And I thought, well, maybe maybe I missed something here. Maybe I missed something here. Because the ministry that God did through Brother Brandon was so close like Jesus until people wanted to say, "Are you the Messiah? Are you Jesus?" How many knows it was just like it? That's right. And how many knows you and I are part of that ministry? That was so much like him. He brought the word. Amen. And if we eat that word and we become that word, hello, we're going to come into his image. That's right. So, we have growing to do. How many got growing to do? I do. Now, notice and here's a promise. Here's a promise talking about we're not feeding on some man. were feeding on the absolute unadulterated son of God. Listen, he says, "She doubted it. She left the word. She died. And from a little group of true seed of God, of the true seed of God, God will present Christ with a beloved bride. She is a virgin to his ver word. She is a virgin because she knows no man-made creeds or dogmas." Amen. I mean, no. That's why we are so strict here to say what he said. Stay with the word. Don't inject your own ideas. We don't need any of that. We've got the pure. Amen. You just can't digest it. We want dust, saith the Lord, and we keep still. Amen. Praise the Lord. And listen to what he says. by and through the members of the bride will be fulfilled all that was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin. So we want to say that in and through you and I is going to be made manifest everything that he has promised in this hour that he's going to have a church without spot without wrinkle. How many believes tonight that you are called to a much higher calling than the Pentecostals? The Baptists are Luther with a pipe. No, we're way higher than that. Called to a higher calling than that. Amish Menonite, way above that. Past Pentecost. That's right. Cuz we are going to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. So, let's talk about what the mind really is all about. We know brother Bram says in the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. This is where it seems a little bit reputious. Ever fought begin in heaven with Michael and his angels fought against Lucerus and his angels. Amen. And I wrote up here the first battle was in the minds of the angels. Ain't that right? That's where the great battle was. How many knows the front line of the war right now? And I'll show you a quote where he said it. Whether it's right now or even back then, the great battle, the front line is right here. Okay. So, we are just laying the foundation. So, we know it didn't originate in the earth. It originated in heaven. Amen. Then it fell down, cast down to human beings. Amen. From angels battles. From the battle from angels became human battles. Amen. Now before any battle can be put away there has to be a place selected right but Abram called it a m mutual ground no man's land and they fight at this place they just don't fight over here and there there has to be a certain place they test their powers amen how many knows every day those thoughts that come your way your powers are being tested Satan is testing you trying you trying to give you the thought trying to give you that thought. Ain't that right? See, Paul, he said, "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." See, we have to cast down imagination and every high thing that exalted itself against the knowledge of God and bring into captivity every thought, every thought to the obedience of Christ. I don't care if you've been a Christian 150 years. Amen. You'd probably be dead by now. But if you was, Amen. You would had this. This here is something that we all have to work on. To bring every thought captive. Well, I just don't feel like going tonight. Of course you don't. Who does? But in your spirit, devil, you ain't going to keep me at home. Huh? That's right. All kinds of all kinds of thoughts that you and I have. And remember this, you'll never be overcome by temptation. Temptation will never get you. Lust will never get you until first you open up the womb of your mind. Until you let that thought come on in. Amen. I'm probably going to get ahead of myself here, but I like what brother Brandham said. See, it must be accepted in the mind. And he says, listen, he says, what you want to do with this devil is you want to kill him at the beginning. Stop him dead in his tracks. That's the kind of church we want, right? believers that kill him where he is very beginning when the first thought comes first negative thought but the Bible says don't ever let a negative thought come into your mind if you possibly can help it ain't that right stop it stop it right there it's not about having a big long war I don't want no big old long drawn out war he tried to get in I said get behind me Satan war's over he's gone Stop him dead in his tracks. It ain't how long you can make the war linger. It's stop it right now. How many believe it's about time, Amen, that these words come off of the pages onto your heart into my heart that God will write his laws and his rules in our mind? That's what it's time for, folks. It's time for this bride to become what she's predestined to become. Amen. Stop him dead in his I like that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Stop him. Dead in his tracks. Now, so he says here, each one of those powers are testing their powers. I'm going to say this because it's come twice in my mind now. But one part of our mind is memory. Is that right? We remember things and your mind can be absolute torture. Your mind can torture you so much so that you want to blow your brains out. Just can't stand it. Or but God has not given us a spirit of fear but of peace and a sound mind. Is that right? Just a sound. I'm thankful for sound mind. I wanted to go down this road a little bit about the mind and maybe I will talking about choices. Always young people always make good choices. You'll make enough wrong but don't do it knowingly. Hello. Because the choices that we make go with us for our lifetime. The things that you do are part of you for a lifetime, whether good or whether bad. Amen. And I got wrote down that you can be forgiven for your bad. You can have them washed away and you don't have to worry about them. But one thing's sure, you'll never forget them. The devil will always bring them back up. Sometime or other you will think about them and there will be terrible thoughts. It'll be thoughts that you wish you wouldn't have. So that's why I said to young people, try to do always the right thing, the good thing. Stay close to God. Everything else you'll later on regret. Praise the Lord. But a man makes a statement, "A man can't even sin." Hallelujah. Here it is coming fresh. A man cannot even sin until he casts aside God's word. Amen. How many knows you can't even do wrong until you know that you disobey mom and dad? Isn't that right? You know to do better. That's why it's so important to have parents that teach the children. They form their minds from a young age. Can't even sin or disbelieve until first he gets rid of the word of God. He cannot. Eve could not sin until she first laid aside God's word, opening up the channel of her reasons to her soul to begin to reason. That's another thought I wanted to get into. But that's the one thing about our mind that you have to watch the most deadly thing about us is our power to reason because the devil will use that reasoning. Well, you don't feel any better. So and so tried it and they didn't get any better. They tried to believe and died. And boy, the devil will scream that loud at you. Yeah, they died. How who do you think you are? You think you got more faith than them and he tries to actually get you to doubt, not believe just because of that. Amen. That's how he works through reasoning. Amen. So to listen to this, test your powers. I I I'll try not to hold you past 22 till give or take that mutual ground. Listen now. Don't miss this. When this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting meeting place. Amen. There had to be a place selected for that battle to begin for that battle to rage. And that battle began in the human mind. There's where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the place of battle where it is to begin. Amen. And that is because now I like this. This is bringing another whole thing in. And that is because that decisions are made in the mind. How many know that's why you go this way or you go that way? That's where you make your choice. Jesus said, you know, it's not what goes in a man that defiles him. It's what comes out of a man that defiles him. Adulteries and wickedness and thefts and murderers come from the heart. Ain't that right? That's what people's got in their heart. So you have what you what you have in your heart because of what comes into your mind. Amen. And that's not just about wickedness, evil. That's about this here. You become what you allow to come into your mind down into your heart. You become this makes me love everybody. I just hate that person. He hit me. Well, I just hate that person. And on the other hand, you didn't let that bother you. I forgive that person. He didn't mean to do that. Woo! Glory. Great big battle. Whole world of difference. That whole different world you're living on. Why? Because you fought the battle. That's where it's at. Amen. And we're going all the way back to where it started. Ain't that right? If Eve disbelieved one word, Brother Bam said, how are we going to get back unless we believe every word? Amen. That's right. And we got to start with our mind. How many knows when the gospel preached when Tommy goes out there and witness to the streets and they have to make their choice. They have they have to make a choice. Do they believe it? Ah, that's just fin. You just sin. Amen. You got to cast cast it away first. Amen. All right. Decisions are made from the mind, the head. Amen. He says, because that's the battlegrounds where you've got to meet your enemy is in the mind. You got to make your choice. It meets you. Amen. This little girl, little girl very sick. Be sure to listen to this real good. Now, aren't you glad for and and I may do this. We'll we'll see. This is kind of the way the direction that I kind of felt led when I started this series is going into some of these messages that Brother Brandon brought. Amen. And this is one of them. Knowing that it's spiritual food. How many believe this is spiritual food in due season? And when he gave us when he preached the greatest battle ever fought, he gave you he gave me the weaponry, the understanding, the knowledge by the power of the Holy Ghost to defeat the devil. How many believe that? So that you can continuously be full of joy, full of peace, how that you can kill him in his tracks. Amen. Oh my. I'm here to tell you when you've got that devil of depression down there and you're looking at him down there. Hey, devil of depression. You know, I was depressed. You had me all downhearted. I was all sad, blue, but I'm happy now because Jesus took me out of your cage. You're dead. Depression. I like you down. Stomp on me a little bit. You don't have to walk around depressed. No, you can have victory over that devil. It don't matter what it is. Why do you think brother man said we ought to be the happiest people in the planet? Amen. Why? because we have power over. We don't have to fear anything. We ain't got to fear death. We ain't got to fear cancer. We ain't got to fear nothing. Every devil is subject powerless. This food told us, brother Tommy, that the devil is powerless. He's nothing but a bluff to the believer. Amen. Nukes. Iran wants nukes. These evil people want nukes. How many thinks we're safe with Putin and his nukes? Is Putin a good guy or is he a bad guy? He's not a good guy. North Korea leader, he's a good guy. Amen. No. Like Trump says, you know, he says, "Y'all are all right except y'all look a little skinny over there, starving the people, you know." But they talk about nukes. How many believes that this word Now, let me just read this. Listen to this. I'll get to it here in the next quote. Listen. If one little iota of God's word was disbelieved caused all this trouble. Now he didn't say it, but I'm going to say something. Then total belief in the word of God is going to uncause all this trouble. Amen. caused people to be afraid, hide behind bushes. They were uh sinful. They were fearful. Their conscience was condemned and everything. But when you believe the word of God, it takes all that away. How many believes that? Think of the world that you can live in by believing the word of God since disbelief brought all this chaos. Believing it. That's right. So he says, "How are you going to get back disbelieving disbelieving the word? You can't do it. You got to shut off all these other things. Conscience, memory, reasonings, cast down reasonings. You don't reason about it at all. Not at all. You just accept the word upon the basis God said." So, amen. And it sets a stream between you and God. And every channel becomes open between you and God. How many's that for there? There's your babble. There's the very front line. Your mind tonight is the very front line. I mean, it was that's the deadliest place there is. It's right on the front line. Amen. I'm going to skip that one and come back to my thought that I was fixing to say about the nuke bomb. He says, "Listen, it can batter against you, but it can't get you until you accept it." When Satan walked up the eve and says, "You know the fruit's pleasant." She stopped for a minute. Oh, that's when she made her mistake. How many knows when you and I when you stop for a minute and think the wrong thoughts, that's where you make your mistakes. Don't stop for a minute. Nelly Sanders, y'all know the story. Got saved filled with the Holy Ghost. Woo! Walked by that dance hall, heard the music, just the walking. And she stopped. No. No, don't. She made the mistake when she quit walking. She stopped. That was her mistake. She yielded to the wrong voice. Oh, I remember when me and So, man, we'd get all the prizes of being the best dancers. And I remember this and I reme you talk about opening up the womb with the mind. Isn't that right? That's right. Before she even knew it, she was in there dancing again. Come to brother Brandham to get prayed for. Right. Amen. And his brother, Brother Brandham's brother was there. He had to go bring his drunk brother back, put him on some cot over there, and he was laying there. If if I got my story right, and Nelly comes in there, he prays for her. And all of a sudden, a great big old ugly looking bat creature comes. Don't nobody have nightmares. Not a night. Come flopping around. Isn't that right? And goes over his brother jumps up off the bed cuz he went in behind his bed. He's sobered up. That man was sober. I'll tell you what, a good ice bath will sober you up or some some devil flying behind you. That's a good another good remedy for sobering you up. But you see, we made light of that. But still, you realize that bat. Can you imagine by just her stopping, by when she stopped and she began to think that that devil came into there. Oh, it might have sounded like good music. But the way that she danced and twisted herself in there and everything else, it was a hideous bat demon that was on her. Hello. So, don't never think that all of that is glamorous. No, those are bat demons. Amen. But she stopped and listened for just a minute. That was her mistake. Dayan and Kora. Dayan, remember, he let the devil talk in his mind. He opened up for a minute and said, "You know, Mo Moses, you're not the only holy man. Who made you a ruler over?" I'm telling you who did. God did. What happened? The earth swallowed them up. Opened up. God wasn't too pleased with all of that. Why? The wrong thoughts. Same wrong thoughts that happened in heaven. How many believe the blood of Jesus Christ, we need to block. We need to guard church. If I don't say nothing else tonight, you guard against any thought that is contrary to this word. Amen. We've got Isaiah Isaiah 63. Why? The bomb of Gilead. How many knows? Amen. There's healing. Amen. Isaiah 53. If you're sick by his stripes, you are healed. You claim that with all of your heart, you sow it in there and you don't doubt it for a minute. Believe it with all your heart. All right. Well, it's 22. Praise the Lord. You love him. Amen. Don't stop for nothing. You've got the message. Jesus lives. He's a healer. That's the message. Don't stop for nothing. Amen. Listen to this. Now, I told you I was going to tell you that that battle's going on even now. Now, when you get into that, get the battle set in array. Now, the devil's sitting right at the heart of every person this morning. He's sitting at this little girl's heart. He's sitting at your heart. The devil. How many believes he's still sitting right there? That devil is right there. Sitting at your heart. He's sitting all around here saying, "Oh, I've tried it before. I've heard that before. I hope nobody had that thought." But by When are you going to quit preaching? I've heard all that. Sounds like the devil talking to you. Huh? I've heard that before. Don't let it. Because why? Every thought that comes through your mind is important. Amen. I like what he said earlier. He said, "If if everybody could get everything just in one accord and one mind, there would not be one thie among among us in the next five minutes." The point that he was making is that battle is so present that right now it doesn't matter what you have need of. How many believes he's still on the mercy seat? If you can open your open mind up and say, "Well, Brother Rer, I need this." Folks, I'm here to tell you I believe I'm a I'm a preacher that believes that the congregation is supposed to get it when the preacher's preaching it. That's right. When the word comes forth, you say, "I believe that." Amen, brother. That's mine. Yeah. Get it. Because when Peter was yet speaking these words, they believed and the Holy Ghost fell on them. How many believes you can get it right there in your seat wherever you are? The minute that you hear it, I don't care what it is. It's the heart. God will speak it to your heart. Nothing is powerful as the word being believed, being preached, and then being received by you. Amen. I think that's good note to you know on praise the Lord. Amen. Brothers to musicians if you'll come please stand with me. Get uncomfortable for a minute. sitting that long. It might be comfortable to stretch a little, wouldn't it? That's right, folks. I don't know about you, but I thank the Lord when I lay down. I thank him when I get up. I thank him for every breath. Amen. How many's just glad for the Lord and how good he is to us? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Amen. God bless you. I hope you got something. Amen. I hope you got something from the word tonight, young people. Everybody, every third thought that's contrary to the word of God, throw it out. Don't even entertain it for a minute. Amen. And birds fly over the head. Amen. Don't let him build a nest. Amen. God bless you. Amen, brother David. Talk to me about Amen. Amen. I was glad when they said unto me, let's go to the house of the Lord. Amen. How many's been glad that you've been in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, I was glad when they said unto me," Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, let us go to the house of They'll be singing where they'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Oh yes. Oh, they'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Oh, they'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Oh, I was glad they love. They'll be preaching. Well, they'll be preaching in the eyes of the Lord. Yes. Oh, they'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. Oh, they'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. Oh, let us go to the house. I was glad. Well, I was glad when they said unto me. Oh, I was glad when they said unto me, well, I was glad when they said unto me, oh, let us go to the house. There'll be shouting tonight. Oh yes, there'll be shouting in the house of Oh yes, where there'll be shouting in the house of the Lord. [Music] Well, there'll be shouting in the house of the Lord. Oh, let us go to the I was glad once again if we could. Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, yes. Well, I was glad unto me." Yes. Oh, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, let us go to the house of the Lord." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Man, this little chorus came on my heart. Brother Carson, do we have that victory? Victory shall be mine if I hold my peace. Let my Lord, let the Lord fight my battles. I don't know how all that goes. Do you know how that goes, Sister Becky? Well, victory, victory shall be mine. Oh, victory. Victory shall be mine. Well, if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battles. Victory, victory shall be mine. Once again, oh victory, victory shall be mine. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. Well, if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. One more time tonight. Oh, I said victory, victory shall be mine. Oh yes. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. Well, if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battles. Victory, victory shall be mine. Amen. You love him with all of your heart tonight. And Amen. And Amen. God's good, isn't he? And I didn't give a little testimony before we done the prayer request, but I went for my six-month checkup on my heart. Said, "I'm good." Believe it or not, I have a heart. He said I was good and my blood pressure, Brother Tommy right there. And uh and I just they were telling all the medicine I take and they said Leinipril and that's for high blood pressure. I said I don't take that. God help me. I don't take it. So he started telling all the medicine I take for diabetes. I said God's helping me with that. I'm not going to be taking that much longer either. So I mean I believe the victory is ours. Don't you? And Amen. God bless you tonight and Amen. We're just we're just happy tonight. Amen. And remember us, we're going to be gone for a few days. So just pray for us. Amen. And pray one for another. And you know, we always thank the musicians. And but I'll tell you, I appreciate Brother Micah and brother Carson because brother Carson helps me out a lot cuz I have a horrible memory and he's always, as they say, Johnny on the spot. But appreciate brother Carson and brother Micah. And you know, let's give them a hand tonight. And Amen. And you know, Amen. And if anything goes wrong, everybody thinks they made a mistake, but they didn't. Brother Micah said the other night when the words went down, he said, "Our system just went down." You just pray for them. You know, I pray for our musicians. I pray for me, and I pray for them because the enemy, he don't want us to have what? The victory. God bless you as you go. Remember 10:30 Sunday morning. Well, victory, victory shall be mine. Oh yes. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. Well, if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Oh, victory victory.
