################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - Pastor Bro. Thomas Byler- STRENGTH THROUGH CALVARY-8-10-2025 - Thomas.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   Pastor Bro. Thomas Byler- STRENGTH THROUGH CALVARY-8-10-2025
Speaker: Thomas
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8vy8ZR8t1Y
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] House of the Lord this morning, isn't it? Amen. Brian, would you open the service in a word of prayer, please? Amen. The children may be dismissed for Sunday school this morning. And if we could turn to Psalm 63 this morning and Amen. It's good to see each and everyone out this morning. We have a lot gone, but just pray that God will come and speak to our hearts this morning. Amen. And for those that are streaming, God bless you this morning. Amen. Psalm 63:1 says, "Oh God, thou art my God. Early will I seek thee. My soul thirsteth for thee. My flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land where no water is. Because thy loving kindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee. My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness, and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips. Because thou has been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice. But those that seek my soul to destroy it shall go into the lower parts of the earth. But the king shall rejoice in God. Everyone that swearth by him shall glory. But the mouth of them that Amen. Brother Brian Morning, brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; Hope you've all had a good week. Hope God's been good to you and blessed you. I was thinking of some of them quotes that were up on the board this morning and I was just really thinking of it what it's really saying for us as believers and the synopsis I get out of reading all those quotes in scriptures everything that God was he put in Christ and everything that Christ was he put in his church and that church is individuals not a building somewhere, not a denomination, not an idea, but it's people that assemble together in the presence of Jesus Christ to worship him. And it and I was really thinking how how wonderful is to think that God loves us enough that he cares about us, that he's willing to lead us every day of our lives in the word of God and in service to him. And I was um thinking this morning, I hope I haven't lost my place here. If you would turn with me to Ezekiel the u the 11th chapter and I can, you know, I everyone has their own certain circumstances. Everyone's an individual. And I was I've been working on something this week and I was just thinking there's two examples I got out of it. We all know that there's two ways that we that people go. Either they open their hearts and have a a saving relationship with Jesus Christ or they join church. There's just two things that people do. Or they just choose to be unbelievers out there in the world. And I was thinking what how miserable would we be this morning if we were a piece of equipment or something that we just added parts to. We never had a changing relationship with Jesus Christ this morning. We would at the end of your life, just think of what you would be. All the things that were added and added and added. You'd be under such weight that you wouldn't even make it to the other side. Or you can come the right way and give your everything that you are to Christ and have a relationship that changes you where it's God doing it and not you trying to do it yourself. And that's the problem with the churches out there. They don't want you to be liberated in Jesus Christ. They want you to be following after man and ideas, not following after Jesus Christ this morning. But I was um uh I hope I didn't lose my place here. I know where I want to start. Uh starting in about the 16th verse of the 11th chapter of Ezekiel this morning. You know, you can I know I say this a lot. Unless God touches your heart or unless God speaks to you, you can have all the ideas in the world, but if God don't quicken it, it doesn't mean anything. So, I'll start at about the 16th verse. Therefore, say, thus sayeth the Lord God, although I have cast them far off among the heathen, he's talking about the tribes of Israel. And although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come. So I can read something like that. No matter what God does, he's always got a remembrance for his his troop, his believers. He was even going to make a way for him in all the places that they were sending sending him. Therefore say, thus saith the Lord God, I will either gather you from the people and assemble you out of the countries where you have been scared, and I will give you the land of Israel, and they shall come thither, and they shall take away all the detestable things, excuse me, and therefore all the abomination that are from hence. And this is what I was thinking about this morning, what I said earlier. and I will give them one heart and I will put in a new spirit within them and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh and I will give them a heart of flesh. And what I was thinking this morning and reading the quotes and the scriptures were up there and what brother Joe was saying and the ministers from the last couple, it's that just one scripture right there is really so important for us as believers. And it's red. &gt;&gt; You don't know how many times when I'm talking on the phone, I have bad So, I wind up screaming on the phone and I'm not angry. I'm not upset. I'll just be honest with you. People have complained to my employer because they think I'm angry when I'm talking on the phone. I'm just being honest. I'm thinking you I'll just read what what Paul had to say here. But really, what I was thinking this morning, I I was in my office. I was thinking, you know, just desiring to see what the Lord would have for me or have for us. And it really struck me this morning that in the age that we live in with everything that's going wrong, how much more should it bring us to the foot of the cross to not want to leave there this morning that we're so dependent on everything that we do and say has to be through the word of God and in Jesus Christ this morning. But I'll just read with this these scriptures here. What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? And that goes up to some of the scriptures. No, we won't stay in sin so grace may abound. That's the religious world out there that take grace to disgrace this morning. God forbid. How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know you not that so many of us who were baptized in Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? And you know some baptismal services they read the sixth chapter. Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father even so we also shall walk in the newness of life. So there's a change that happens. The old man isn't there anymore. And you have to keep the old man dead. And it goes, "For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we also shall be in the likeness of his resurrection." That's that's a comforting thought right there. Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him. This is really important. Everything that you were before that has to mean dead. Never can come back again. Does that not mean that your enemy is going to fight with you to the day you die or a rapture trying to bring back that old man? No. There's but you're going to with that experience where God has changed your heart and life. It gives you the strength to let that old man lay dead in your and it goes on to say knowing that this for we have he that is dead is freed from sin. Now if we be dead with Christ we believe that we shall also live with him. Knowing Christ began raised from the dead, dead dieth no more. Death hath no more dominion over him. And that's the same with us. That old man has no more dominion. For in that he died, he died unto sin once. But he that he liveth, he liveth unto God. Likewise reckon we also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God, through Jesus Christ our Lord. I I don't really have a lot to say this morning, but I was just just thinking how important it is for us this morning to know who you are in Jesus Christ this morning. I don't have a lot to I know I say this a lot, but I was thinking for the last couple hours this morning, you just alone by myself. You know, it goes back to the psalm that David read. You know, when the night watches, I thought of him when I was awake at night. meditated upon him. So it gives us David 4,000 years ago gave us an example. Everything we do in life I I know we sometimes we get busy doing the things that are required to stay alive in this life. But David said in those psalms and the word of God says that you need to no matter what you're doing, you need to meditate upon the word of God and upon the Lord. If you meditate upon them just like uh I know I read it sometimes from that uh healing thoughts book where brother Brandham talks about the third and fourth chapter of Philippians. Your thoughts have to be on him. Your meditation has to be if you put yourself meditating upon him desiring for his thoughts his ways. If you live that way you you'd be surprised how all the problems that you might do they completely go away. But they just they have no power over you anymore. You're free in Christ this morning. And it's so important that we just meditate and walk in the life that God gives us daily in Jesus Christ this morning, brother. It's good to be here this morning. Let's stand. Let's sing. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Oh, for he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. [Music] Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy, [Music] bless his holy name. [Music] For he has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. [Music] Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Amen. I will bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands lifted up, with my hands lifted up. Oh, and my mouth filled with praise. [Music] With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. Is that what you came to do this morning? Amen. Let's sing goodness of God this morning. Has he been good to you? Has he been faithful? Amen. Let's sing this. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you've been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Has it been good to you this morning? Amen. You may be seated. And as you see, let's sing. I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. And prisoners chase [Music] with bleeding stripes. Paul and son prayed that night and in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. For you are the life, the truth, the way. Your name. Oh, I bless your name. And some midnight out. Oh, if you should find you're in a prayer as in your mind. Oh, reach out and pray and defy those chains and they will fall. in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. For you are the life, the truth, the way. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. We're going to go prayer this time this morning. Brother Downey and brother Caleb and brother Deon, would you come this morning? Help with the offering. Amen. We have number of prayer requests, but first we have a praise report from sister Hannah. to praise God for Adriana's surgery going well. We appreciate your continued prayers for speedy recovery. I just want to thank the Lord for that. Also want to remember brother Glenn, sister Sherry not feeling well this morning. Also, sister Parish remember her this morning. Those coming home from the meetings and I'm not sure when they're coming home, but remember them at the meetings this morning. and also brother Brad in Murphy'sboro this morning preaching brother Joseph brother Devon would you take these needs and offerings for the Lord Listen, thy loving kindness [Music] is better than love. Thy loving kindness is better than life. And my lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I'll lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I'll lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. [Music] My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. For thy loving kindness is better than life. My loving kindness. Oh, it's better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Oh, I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. [Music] My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Thy loving kindness, oh thy loving kindness, it's better than life. Thy loving kindness, it's better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. And I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. And I'm amazed at how you care. And through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. And they're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed [Music] that you love me. I'm amazed at how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh my sins are washed. May let's stand this morning and sing. I believe that you love me. Oh, I believe [Applause] that you love me. And I believe [Music] that you care. [Music] And through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are lost. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. thankful he loves you this morning. Amen. We're gonna invite brother Ber just to come out at this time and take his liberty this morning. And as he sings that, let's just or as he comes, let's sing that one more time. I'm amazed. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. And I'm amazed at how you care. And through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, I'm amazed [Music] that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed. [Music] &gt;&gt; I found pardon. [Music] My sins, they're washed. They're all washed away in my sins [Music] away. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's happy for that this morning? Amen. Good morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. Amen. And God bless each one of you this morning. Amen. Both those that are present and those that are streaming. Amen. We ask and trust that the Lord will just bless you richly today. Thank you. That'll be all for the music. Amen. Appreciate it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We want to have communion this morning. Amen. So, we'll just see, you know, what the Lord will have. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Just good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody here this morning. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Once again, assembling in your name as you have asked and said that if we would and would ask anything in your name, you would do it, Lord. We have confidence in that, Lord Jesus. So we ask, Father, that you'll have your way, Lord Jesus. Let the Holy Spirit, Father, do this speaking this morning. Help Thomas Ber just to get out of the way, Lord Jesus, that the gift of God could be operated, Lord, and that you could speak to the people, Father, the thing that you want to say to us this morning, Father. Lord, we ask God, Father, those that'll be traveling today, Father, that you'd give them traveling mercies. We ask for those listening and streaming, Lord. We ask, God, that whatever it is that they have need of, Lord Jesus, that you would meet their need. For we know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. And you will grant each one, Father, of each one of us, what we desire and what we ask for and what we believe for. We just commit this service to you now, asking, Father, for your blessing upon it, the reading of the word, the meditation of our heart in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I want to do something a little different, I guess, at least gear it different. Amen. How many's heard of uh we have youth services, right? We have people have youth services. So this morning I says, "Well, look, all of our youth are pretty much gone." Amen. Except for those that are still 20 years old or 22, you're still youth, but Amen. youth meaning, of course, perhaps those not married, young, but Amen. I thought we'd have a senior service. Amen. A senior service, a old people service. &gt;&gt; Amen. That was kind of different, is it? You don't have no problem with youth services. What about the old folks service? Amen. Amen. So the the terrible thing is is it 60 and over? Older just what it is because you know it just that keeps moving up as you go older, right? Ah 60 ain't old, 78 old, you know. But biblically speaking really when you're 60 old you're getting pretty old because man's days were what? three score in 10 which is 70 years old and by reason of strength you might have another year 10 years so if you get to be 80 years old you're really doing good and if you get to 90 well may the grace of God be with you amen and so amen but anyway being 10 years from what God says that are your days amen you know that's that's quite something or or perhaps less for some of us amen Amen. And so, you know, I've read different places where Brother Bam says when we see our hair getting gray and we're getting older, he says we need to buckle up the armor. Amen. Because it's getting getting closer. Ain't that right? Getting closer to time to go home. Amen. And so, we're kind of geared that way. And we'll just see what the Lord will have. Is that okay? All right. Let's All right, let's turn our Bibles if you will. Amen. And I think we'll go to Genesis. Let's start with Genesis 12. Genesis 12. Amen. Now the Lord had said unto Abraham, "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show thee. And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing, and I will bless them that bless thee, and I will curse them that curse thee, and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed." So Abraham departed, and as the Lord had spoken unto him, and Lot went with him. Now notice here is his first mistake, right? is is Abraham's first mistake after God chose him. Amen. And called him. Amen. He took Lot along. He said, "Separate from your kindred and from your father's house." But he took Lot with him. And Abraham was 75 years old when he departed out of Heron. And Abram took Sarah, his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that had they had gotten inherent. I understand that even his daddy went along according to the prophet of God and they went forth to go out into the land of Canaan into the land of Canaan they came. Amen. Amen. Now over we'll just turn to the 17th chapter of Genesis. Amen. And there's a lot that happened in between here. Ain't that right? Amen. Where is this other one? Yeah, we'll go with Genesis 17. And when Abraham was 90 years old and nine 99 years old. So here we go with old age, right? Abraham was really old. But B said he was called at first when he was 75, Sarah 65, right? Amen. And here 25 years later, God speaks to him again. And the Lord appeared to Abraham and said unto him,"I am the Almighty God." Remember, Brother Brandon, we interpret that, and I'll read that here in a minute. Amen. What that Almighty God meant. Walk before me and be thou perfect, and I will make a my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. Amen. Praise the Lord. And let's just go to verse 10. This is my covenant which ye shall keep between me and you and thy seed after thee forever. Every manch child among you shall be circumcised and you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin and it shall be a token of the covenant between me and you. Amen. But Abraham said that that their covenant that token Amen. circumcision was a covenant. Amen. And it represented the Holy Spirit to us. Ain't that right? The Holy Spirit is the token in our lives. Amen. That God has made a covenant with us. Amen. And it's an unconditional covenant. How many knows that? Amen. Now, one more scripture I want to go way back in uh Romans 5. Romans 5. Let's go to chapter 4 first. We'll do a little bit of reading here. Chapter 4. And verse 17, as it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God, who quickenth the dead, and callth the things which be not as though they were. Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, so shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead when he was hundred years old, neither the deadness of Sarah's womb. And he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving God the glory. And being fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able to do. Now, we're going to jump down to verse uh chapter 5, verse six. Just one verse that I want to pull out of here. For when we were yet without strength, in due time, Christ died for the ungodly. Amen. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Now, this is where, you know, the prophet of God brought to our attention that when Paul mentions Abraham in the New Testament, he didn't mention any of Abraham's faults. Amen. Now, how many knows Abraham he had, you know, and and and this is the area I won't cover too much, but I want to cover just a little bit because brother Abandon, of course, we know that Abraham is the father of the faith. He's considered to be the father of the faith. And it says another place that Abraham is every one of our father. Amen. We're his children, so to speak. Ain't that right? So, that's why he has such an important role, amen, in our lives and why it's so important that we are children of Abraham through faith. We are the seed of Abraham. Of course, uh over in Galatians, Paul talks much about it, how that, you know, we by faith are the children of Abraham. Amen. So, we are Abraham's children. And God waited until he was very, very old before he ever called him. And we know that he called him. And brother Bam mentions it. I love it because he says when God called Abraham, he called him unconditionally. And it was he called him by grace. How many knows that Noah was called by grace. He found favor in the eyes of God. It was not something that Noah did. It was not something that Abraham did or deserved. Nothing special about him. Ain't that right? Nothing special about Abraham except that God chose Abraham. And when he chose Abraham, you know, it made all the difference in the world. Amen. How many this morning, if you'll read between the lines, how many thankful that God called you. There was millions and billions of people out there that you know you know that that God didn't call but he called you. If if you had that in your heart, if there's something down in your heart and your soul, amen, that know that there's more to life than just all these other things and God pulled you to himself. No, no, man. No man comes to me except my father draw him. So if that drawing was in your heart and in your soul, you're a blessed person. &gt;&gt; You know, we know that Adam, he was made, he had a covenant with God. He was in a covenant with God. And that covenant was not unconditional. It's if you don't eat of that tree, Amen. then you'll live forever. But if you eat of it, you at that day you will die. Amen. And we know man always, brother B says, man always breaks his covenant with God. How many would this morning, if I was to make a covenant with God, God, if I never make a mistake again, can can I be saved? How many would want to make a a covenant with God like that? Lord, if I don't never do anything wrong again, God, I believe I'll be saved. You know, I promise I'll never mess up. You'd be pretty dumb to make a statement like that, wouldn't you? That's right. Because why? You're You know, we already are are are have been told by the prophet, as long as you're in this flesh, you'll make mistakes. You're not going to be perfect till you get out of here. So don't make covenant. And even yesterday listening man was saying he says you know God we don't want your justice cuz if we got his justice there would none of us be able to stand but we want his mercy. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what God does. He gives us mercy. He gives us grace. That's what we want by God's grace. And you know Abraham we all know we'll just bring it up a little bit. You know, the first thing he did was take lot along. Amen. And I think in 1965, brother Benham preached a message called God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. Amen. Another place he says, you know, Abraham was never completely blessed until he fully obeyed the word of God. &gt;&gt; Fully obeyed the word of God. Now, as we get older, here we go. We get set in our ways, don't we? Amen. It's like concrete that hardens. Amen. I told brother my wife on the way to church, I says, you know, when you get old, you know, when you're old, you're about done. She didn't like that too well. What do you mean? You're about done. You know, but you know what I thought? I thought, yeah, your life is about done, but God help us. I hope that you are also that God is about finished working on you. That you're about ready to graduate, that you are come to the place to where you're ready to go home. You're ready to die. She didn't like that too well. ready to die. I said, "That's right." Because guess what? I don't care if you're young or old. But Bam said, "You're not fit to live until you're ready to die." &gt;&gt; How many know you're not really ready to live until you are at the place that you can say, "Lord, I'm ready to go. &gt;&gt; If I die before I come out of this service, if I have a heart attack or anything, I am ready to go." And we as older people, we ought to be mature. Ain't that right? We ought to be mature. But you know what? If we have some of Abraham, he was old and that don't mean he was perfect. He wasn't perfect in his old age. He had all kinds of mistakes. He had failures. He had a lot of unbelief in his life. I mean, know sure he did. Why? He didn't obey. God said, "Separate yourself." Brother Bam says until he separated himself from Lot, he was never blessed. And God brought, and this is a real good point that I've always taught in this before, anytime I go talking about this, is that whenever he had that unbelief in his life, God brought trials, God brought tribulation into their life. And he caused the herdsmen of Lot and the herdsmen of Abraham, Amen, to have a problem at the water. And at the well, they had strife amongst each other. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many know if If brothers aren't right, if somebody not right with God, you're going to have strife. There's going to be problems there. Amen. And God has a way of getting us and getting rid of get rid of our unbelief. Getting us to separate from unbelief. &gt;&gt; Amen. But thank God he don't just ride us off. &gt;&gt; I mean, glad for that. He doesn't quit on us. Let me say this. We get set in our way. As we get older, we get set in our ways. We're like concrete that hardens. Amen. When you're 16, 17, 18. Amen. The young people right now, they're still soft. Their hearts are soft. Amen. And I had that scripture wrote down that brother Brian mentioned about, you know, he gave took out the heart of stone and he gives them a heart of flesh. Because we older folks, we have a way. We have a tendency if we aren't careful to get hearts that are a little bit hardened. Even our hearts harden sometimes. We don't have feelings like we used to have. We don't have the tenderness of God anymore like we used to. Amen. Amen. And we need a tender heart. Amen. And I want to tell you something that it doesn't matter what age you are. Amen. Sometimes if we're not molded and shaped the way that we're supposed to be. Amen. If we still have unbelief somewhere in our hearts and lives, God has to break us down. He has to reshape us. He's got to take us back to the potter's house. He has to let trials, tribulation, whatever it might be, come back upon you. Amen. To reshape you. Maybe you didn't handle a situation the way that you ought to. Guess what? God is going to bring it around again. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that next time you'll handle it the way that you're supposed to handle it. The way that you act so that you're the way you're supposed to act. Amen. Praise the Lord. Why? Because we must be no matter what. And you know, you get here here we go. You get some of our sisters. You get women. You get some women. Hello. Amen. When they get a little bit older, they can be snappy. They can be grumpy. They can be very nice, but it don't take much. And they'll let you have it full both barrels. Why? Because they put up with a lot. Amen. I know. Cuz my wife, she's a little bit that way. That's right. can be nice as can be, but she's had to put up with me all her life. And that has caused her to be able to just snap a little bit. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll be out there doing this, that, or the other, and she wants something done. Hey, when did I get mine done? Why does everybody else get theirs first? Uh oh, I'm waiting for it this afternoon. But why? Because she's waited all of her life, maybe been bat way too much. Hello. You can get grouchy. You can get snappy. You can get that way because of the things that you've went through. Amen. A lot of people when you get older, let me tell you something. It's much easier to have a frown on your face. And you got to watch it because that's the devil's doing. It's the devil's doing to make you crabby, to make you snappy, to make you irritable, to make you impatient. Amen. God wants you full of joy. Okay, we'll get back up on that in just a minute. Praise the Lord. I like what we read here in Romans. But let me let me just read you a quote on brother Ben, what he said about Al Shadi. Amen. First of all, it's hard. It's harder because Abraham, he had lost his strength. Can you imagine how feeble a Abraham must have been at 90 years old? 90 years old. His wife, you know, and and God letting it go on, promise him a child. And it goes on and on and on. All these years of waiting He was weak. But you know how many knows that God is our strength giver? He is the one that renews our strength and our youth. Amen. Brother Bam says it this way. He says, "Now in the 17th chapter of Genesis, he appeared in the name of El Shadi." El Shadi in the Hebrew means breast or breasted one like a mother with a baby having a baby. He says, "I am El Shadi. I am Almighty God." And yet you're old. Your strength is gone. Sarah's womb is dead. She's 90. Little old grandma like that. A great great grandma 90 years old. She's awful old. The people's laughing at you and making fun of you. But I'm the breast of God. Breasted God. look at a like a mother, her sickly, fretting baby. Now, when the baby's all weak and run down, the strength is gone. The mother pulls her up to her bosom, and the child nurses his strength from the mother. This mother's strength becomes the child's strength as it draws it from her. Amen. The Bible says, "For when you and when we were yet without strength, in due time, Christ died for us." Amen. How many believe that it's because Calvary. Amen. Because of Calvary, we have strength this morning. We were without strength. Where would we be this morning if it wasn't for Calvary? Amen. Years I spent in vanity and pride, knowing not my Lord was crucified. Amen. Amen. But we thank God for Calvary. Calvary. Amen. Praise the Lord. I was going to title this the purpose of Calvary. Amen. But I retitled it strength through Calvary. Calvary. Amen. Through Calvary, we get strength. Amen. We have no strength outside of Calvary. Praise the Lord. Draws. He her strength becomes his strength. The baby's strength. That's right. And so he said, Abraham, you're old. You're past the age. is past the age, but I have to bless her through you so you can lo lean on my bosom and keep nursing. Amen. Hallelujah. And I'll give you your strong strength and draw it out. Amen. Listen, he says, not just one breast, but two breasts, New Testament, the Old Testament. I mean, that's where we get our strength. &gt;&gt; He was wounded for our transgression, and by his stripes, we were healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So he says it again. Amen. See, he's al shi tonight. He changes not. And his covenant people has the same privilege to draw from the same resource that father Abraham had to draw from because God swore by the same covenant that he'd give us the promise. Hallelujah. Oh my. There you are. There's where my hope is built on. Nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. When all my soul gives way, when all around my soul gives way, he is my hope and stay. Amen. Now listen. So take them into your heart tonight and just start drawing from them. God, you promised it. Tomorrow, I don't care how I feel, what you look like. Glory, I'm drawing from that promise. Watch how strength begin to renew. Amen. How things begin to straighten up. How arms begin to move. Eyes begin to brighten. Hearts begin to be normal. The breast of God I'm drawing. I don't care how I feel or what I look like. I am drawing from his breast. Lord, you promise that I'm the seed of Abraham. I'm your child and I'm drawing from this promise. It's thus says the Lord. Oh my, I believe you. And then the next day I get sicker than I am ever was. I'm still drawing. I stagger not at the promise of God through unbelief, but strong in faith, giving glory to God for the promise that he said he would do. Amen. You can call me holy roller, so you might as well get started if you are. Oh, praise the Lord. But he listen what he says. He didn't do no good as long as Lot hung around. That's right. He had to get rid of old Lot. He had called him to separate himself when he took Lot with them. And Lot was half backslitting all the time anyway. And after Sodom and Gomorrah, all this happened, he says, "Then God appeared to Abraham and says,"Now come out and look around and see what you own." Amen. Oh, I like that. Come out here and look it over. Walk from the east to the west. Amen. How many loves the different preachers that come through and they'll show you this is yours and that is yours and this is yours and that is yours. Look over the whole land. Look, east, west, north, south. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line that gives me strength. You're not on your own. You've been bought with a price. You didn't start in this race. He started this work in you and he is able to perform it. &gt;&gt; That gives me strength. Amen. Don't look at your faults. Amen. Your faults are nothing but lies. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many believes that your sickness is nothing but a lie? Don't look at that. Look at the word of God. I love that. Don't you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Listen, here's just a quote that I was I was listening. What it takes to overcome. This has to do with with accepting what uh uh God has for you. God heals you. His promise says he does. So, you have a right to it. Do you accept it? Do you accept your healing? I don't care how crippled you are, how blind you are, or whatever is wrong with you. I don't care. Stand to your feet right now, he says, and accept your healing on the basis of God's word. Amen. If you believe it. Praise the Lord. Listen, maybe it's just one time of nursing. You didn't get enough strength. You stay there. Draw from him from him until you are walking until the cancer is gone. refuse to see cancer. Refuse to see anything that's contrary to his word. It's not so. Everything like Jonah, they're lying vanities. I don't even see them. I won't recognize them. No sir, I see what God said. He says, I don't see the Amorites. I don't see the graveyard. Don't see those things. See the promise of God. God promised it. Amen. I know that death has got to strike everyone. Death comes to us all. Amen. But sometimes just because of unbelief, we give up and go to a premature grave. Amen. I may be getting old and I may be going to the grave, but I don't want to go to the grave prematurely. Do you just because I can't take and claim the promises of God? How many wants their full life? That's what I want every day that God has for me. I don't want to go to a premature grave. And you can if you don't grab a hold of faith sometimes. Praise the Lord. That's what he said. I like when he I I thought that was good. Amen. God don't want us to do that. He wants us to trust him and believe him and say it say so and stay on it. Praise the Lord. And stay on it. Amen. now. But it takes faith in the promised land of God, God's promised land. Amen. Let's talk about where we get our strength from. And it's from Calvary, isn't it? Wasn't for Calvary, I wouldn't be standing here. You wouldn't be there. You'd still be some gentile, as the prophet of God said, with a club on your back and h carrying some idols or something. We'd still be a denomination. We'd be out there confusion somewhere if it wasn't for Calvary and for the grace of God. Amen. I believe it's all hinges on Calvary. Paul said, "I come among you. I don't want to know anything except Jesus Christ and him crucified." Because that's where our strength comes from. &gt;&gt; Amen. Listen to this. I'm going to reach you some more. That's the way devil will do. He'll let you build up, get build up like he did Shamgar a little bit and then come and try to knock the props out from under you. He says, "And the reason he does is you let him do it." See, he's nothing but a bluff. How many believes that at Calvary, Amen, the strength of the devil was stripped from him. &gt;&gt; The power of the devil was taken from him. &gt;&gt; That's right. He ain't got no rights anymore at all. If you're a child of God and God has called you, if you're one of his, you've got every right. &gt;&gt; You've got every right that was lost in the Garden of Eden. &gt;&gt; Amen. You got the right to speak what God lays on your heart to speak. And it shall be so. &gt;&gt; The devil ain't got no rights. He's nothing but a bluff. He has no legal right. And if you got an experience of God, of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, he stripped Satan of every privilege he had. He robbed him of everything. He took it away from him. Yes, sir. He robbed him and stripped him and give the power to the church. Give strength to the church. Amen. Because why I want to say in the Old Testament, all those people, they would sacrifice animals and and sheep and lambs and so forth because it represented the lamb that was to come. But they would go out there and do the same thing again and again and again. And all they could do was wish they could overcome, &gt;&gt; wish they had strength to live different. &gt;&gt; In other words, they had a lot of wishbone. &gt;&gt; Hello. Lot of wishbone and not backbone. God wants us to have backbone, not wishbone. [Applause] You're going to love this. Listen. Praise the Lord. Stripped him of his power. Now he says, "Go do the things that I did." Yes, sir. He took the sword out of the Satan's hand and put it in your hand. &gt;&gt; Amen. The chains that the devil had on your leg. You took it off and you put it on his leg. Now I bind you. You've had me bound. Now I'm not. Now I bind you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You robbed me of my joy. You robbed me of my smile. You robbed me of my happiness. But now I'm taking it back. &gt;&gt; You got every right to live in that place, to arrive at that place. Amen. Strength. Man, you shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you. How many believe the church of the living God, they got power? &gt;&gt; They have strength. &gt;&gt; How many times, brother Brandon preached about Samson, where has thy strength gone? &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? He was trying to talk to the Pentecostals. He says, you know, they were like Samson. They had been they let the world come in. They let this come in. They let that come in. Here it goes. Just can I speak what comes to my mind? Was there a time in your life? Was there a time in your life you can look back and say, you know, I used to be closer to God than what I am now. If you say yes to that, then you're backslid. Is that right? You're backslid because you was closer to God at one point than what you are now. I'm a little bit quiet. I just want that to sink in. You shouldn't be this morning. Right now, right at this moment, you should be as close to God as you ever was. &gt;&gt; You should be as filled with the power of God as what you ever was. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because we're going forward, not backwards. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't want to be like Samson that lost his power because he let the world come in. Some pretty looking woman. Is that right? That took his power away from him. Amen. But I like the thing about Samson. Ain't that right? The thing about Samson, he was God's man and his hair grew back. &gt;&gt; He repented. He got right. You might be backslid. You may not be where you are, but guess what? You ain't got to stay that way. You can have the power of God again. You can have that same strength that you had before. How many believe that? We're thankful for God's grace, aren't we? See, he giveth power to the faint. Isaiah said in Isaiah 40 verse 29, he giveth power to the faint. Abraham had he couldn't do nothing. He couldn't have no babies. He couldn't have any children. He was pa past sexual desire. Well, even Sarah said, "What are we going to do? Have pleasure again." She thought it was funny. But what? God gave him strength. Isn't this something how I'm not going to read it, but Aimilec when when when Sarah and Abraham went down to Ger, Aimilec took Sarah and was going to marry her. Isn't that right? He had taken her and brother Bab said that Sarah was turned back to a young woman again. Is that right? How did he know? Well, a lot of critical people might say, "How did he know he was a prophet? If he can show you the color of Eve's hair, he can show you Sarah." And he picked that up. He says, "Can you imagine an 85y old woman, old and decrepit, and the king said, "Boy, isn't she a beauty queen? I want her from my wife." I don't think so. No, she was beautiful. Hello. Why? because God did that. Showing what God's going to do to you and to me. How many believes that we're getting a body change. We're going to get young again. We're going to turn back young again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Power to the faint. To them that have no might, he increases strength. Amen. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew &gt;&gt; their strength &gt;&gt; or renew their youth. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something. Most old folks walk around like this. Sad, crabby. Huh? weak, but he don't want you that way. No, he wants you lively. How many believes God wants a lively church? &gt;&gt; We may be the older folks here this morning, but that don't mean we have little youth in our lives. We sure do. &gt;&gt; We can feel as good as a young person. &gt;&gt; You don't think so? What about that old Pentecostal preacher, 80ome years old? Amen. had to have somebody help him up there, you know. But you get him under the awaiting upon the Lord a little bit. Woo! Hallelujah. Click his feet. They got him. You ain't got nothing room for me to preach up here. &gt;&gt; Why? He renewed his youth. &gt;&gt; How many believe you can renew your youth? &gt;&gt; You can feel young again. &gt;&gt; Why? Because this old man might perish. This just comes fresh. Paul said this, "While this old man f you know he may perish but the inward man is renewed day by day." How many is glad for that? Renewed. Hallelujah. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings of eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. How many knows that an eagle goes through a moping period? a midlife crisis. &gt;&gt; That's right. Sometimes we go through midlife crisis. We did. I know what a midlife crisis is. Lasts a long time, too, sometimes. It ain't no fun. God forbid anybody has it. Hello. I've watched many families fall apart in their midlife crisis. That's why I'd never be together again. That's sad. I don't like to see that. Amen. I'll just go ahead and say it. Sometimes relationships between a husband and man in a midlife time, sometimes you better renew that f that that love that you had for your wife. Hello. You better treat her like she was uh your little queen before you married her. That's right. And you better, you know, I don't care how ugly your husband is or how terrible your husband is or whatever it might be. You better start looking at him maybe like like it was before you got married. Amen. Or they'll both want somebody else. Come on, folks. That's way the world goes. You better stay close to God. That's right. Anyway, that's free. Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay. So that's right. They shall m up with wings and eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. An eagle when he goes through that time, that moping period, that bad time of their life. Hello. What does it say? That other eagles will bring him food. They'll bring him meat. And what he does, he has to keep eating that meat. Keep eating that meat. Keep eating the word. Keep going to church anywhere, even if you don't feel like it. Hello. Eat that food. Eat that food until you beat them rough scales off of your mouth and everything else and off of your head. Hello. And eventually, guess what? That eagle's youth is renewed and it gets young again and it flies like never before. &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't that the way we want to be? &gt;&gt; Oh my. We want to soar higher than what we ever have. Amen. Renew our strength and claim our God-given rights. Amen. All right, back to our thought. Think about this. Listen. Brother Bam says, "I've used to often times wonder what's the matter with the Christian church. They're so scared of things. Why? You've got nothing to be scared about." The first word nearly comes out of Jesus Christ after the resurrection was fear not. Don't fear. Don't be scared. There ain't nothing going to happen. Nothing can happen. Nothing can bother a Christian. Amen. Not even death itself could touch a Christian. He that believeth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into contamination, but has passed from death unto life. Death itself has no reign over a Christian. Christ died in ourstead. How marvelous. What a faith it ought to build up into people. Amen. Amen. Sometimes that'll tow the mark. You'll never get nowhere by being a jellyfish Christian. No, sir. Did you ever see a jellyfish? You just hit him and he splatters all over. Isn't that them jellyfish that give you all the You never want to get stung by them things and get them on you. That's about the way it is in church. You got somebody in church that's jellyfish. You don't rub up close too close to them. You're going to get some bad stuff on you. Amen. The crabs. And you know what usually gets them? the crabs and things along the seashore gets him. Comes up with his pincher and cuts him in two and takes him down. That's right. Because jellyfish just lays brother. He says what we need is Christians, not jellyfish, but with a backbone that'll stand. I don't mean to fuss with the people, but stand for your Godgiven rights that Christ died for. How many believes that you've got a right to joy? You've got a right to peace. You got a right to everything that Christ died for, but you got to fight for every inch. This promised land is north, east, west, and south. This promised land, he says it's all yours, but you got to fight every inch of the way. That's right. When you come to church, you got to fight not just to be a wallflower at church. Well, yeah. I'm sitting here and I'm hearing it, but I ain't really all here. You know, I don't feel like saying amen or shouting or hallelujah. I just I'm not in the mood today. &gt;&gt; Huh? Why? You got to fight through all that. We got to fight through being stale. &gt;&gt; We got to fight to not be dead in church. You got to fight to get something sometime because the devil be sitting there while you're listening to the preacher and he's got giving you all kinds of thoughts in your mind &gt;&gt; that's keeping you distracted. I wonder if I'm talking to anybody this morning. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? He tries to get you distracted. Get you to thinking somewhere else. Your job or cares or or problems or or faults or failures or whatever. He'll put that in you to keep you from getting something. Why? You got to fight your way every inch of it. But I like this that when you finally get your foot over there, keep your foot over there. Don't let the devil push you back. Get it over there and say, "Amen, brother. Preach it." Hallelujah. We're going to have a good time in church this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. Maybe you're old and formed and you just don't say amen in church. Well, maybe God has to reform you a little bit. A Christian ought to be able to punctuate every word of God with a amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah once in a while don't hurt just a little bit. He scream don't hurt. None neither. It don't bother me a bit. &gt;&gt; I was writing this and I said, "Can you imagine the devil wants to rob us of our joy? Can you imagine a church that's not lively? Can you imagine getting to heaven and the people aren't happy? Everybody's just dead over there. &gt;&gt; There's no joy. There's no shouting. There's not. Boy, that'd be a terrible heaven, wouldn't it? &gt;&gt; No, there's going to be shouting. There's going to be praising God. There's going to be glory to God. There's going to be all of that &gt;&gt; for what he did. And we are not just going to be in heaven. We're already in heavenly places in Christ Jesus right here this morning. All right, let me just pull up another quote right quick. I I like what he said. Now, remember, I believe that the Holy Spirit has plenty of emotion. Anything I can prove to you that anything hasn't got life is dead. And so, if the church hasn't got a little life, there's something wrong with the church. It needs a resurrection. So I believe that we have to have a little emotion. I see where in a basketball he goes through talking about a basketball game and if everybody sets up in the balcony and don't say nothing, he says, "Boy, this is a dead place." And he says, "Well, if our master is winning the fight, we can sure do a little cutting up once in a while." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Once in a while, he says, you know, let him know that we appreciate the victory that he gives us. That's right. We don't want to be a have a dead meeting, a dead church. We want it alive with the spirit of God moving in a real sensible sane gospel way. Just performing signs and wonders and showing the signs of this Messiah in our midst. &gt;&gt; If your religion don't have a little emotion in it, maybe you ought to bury it. I believe he said one place. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. How many likes to feel like you're just half dead? Nobody likes that half dead feeling. That clock ain't going very fast. That's good. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many believes that God wants us to give us a backbone, not a wishbone? &gt;&gt; We have to go in and possess the land that's ours. Amen. Now listen to what he says. He says not to fuss with people. Not that kind of backbone, but to stand for God-given rights that created Christ died for. Not pushed around. We don't have to be pushed around. No sir. We got an inheritance. And our inheritance belongs to us. It's your privilege to have anything that you inherited. Through accepting Jesus Christ and dying to yourself. How marvelous. Yes, sir. Satan said, he might say, "Well, I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to perhaps put a cancer on you. I'm going to depress you. I'm going to make your life miserable." Listen what he says. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. Brother Bam says, "No, you ain't going to do nothing." That's the way to talk back to him. Say, "I know my position in Christ, and you might as well get away. I ain't listening to you no more. I got an inheritance. &gt;&gt; How many believe God got an inheritance? Man, I'll tell you what. Jesus Christ died. Amen. Shall freely give you all things. Who shall say and lay anything at the charge of God's elect? It's Christ that died and is rose again. Amen. How shall he not with him give us freely all things? How many's glad that you didn't have to purchase this? Christ bought this for you. We have an inheritance. Amen. Not listening to that devil anymore. And we got a little deed to it. An abstract. Goes all the way back to Calvary. The day of Pentecost when he said the promises to you, to your children, to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. That's our abstract need. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then he goes to talking about what? If you go home tonight, Amen. and there's a bunch of drunks in your house, hello, and they tell you, "Well, I got a right to be here. I am a human being." What are you going to do? Can we say this morning, let's not talk about going back to your house? How about if there's something in your life, in your heart, in your body that's not supposed to be there, ain't got no right to be there. How about taking the authority of the word and saying this morning I'm claiming my God-given rights and I'm kicking that thing out. Get out of my life, devil. You ain't got no rights here. That's the way to talk to him. Amen. See, I happen to believe that we are coming to where it's like building a house. We're coming to the finishing touches. Is that right? Some of the last things that you do is put the baseboard down, case out those windows, right? Maybe even after the carpet's down, all we lack is casing out the windows, putting the crown mold up and the baseboard and casing out the doors. And boy, that makes a huge difference. How many knows when those windows are not cased out, the baseboard ain't on there, and the crown mold ain't on there. It don't look so good yet. No, but you put that finishing touches and knit this the way that it's supposed to be. You take those little nail holes and you fill them with mud. Amen. Perhaps. And put a stain over or a painting. Amen. And that's what God is doing with you and I. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we're old, if we're older people and that's the way where where we ought to be, let God put the finishing touches on you. Amen. Because when we go, we want to be ready to go. Ain't that right, young old be ready to go. The worst thing that can happen to you, brother Bam says, is to die without Christ. Die not being ready. That's the worst thing that can happen. He says, you know, whether you would be burned up in a trap car in a fire or the most terrible ways that you could think of dying. It's nothing compared to dying without Christ. Amen. So, I believe that, don't you? That God is putting his final finishing touches to the bride. Uh you look at the ministry overall, the preachers overall and tell them and seeing the faith that is being built in the church the word of God. &gt;&gt; I read that here two months ago I think it was brother Bam says before you ever see anything done before any miracle before any change of your body amen that you're claiming he says give God the praise for it anyway. &gt;&gt; I seen there preaching that up at camp and putting that up there. He says before you see anything give God the glory anyway. Don't wait until something happens. Oh, yeah. When it happens, we get twice as happy. But we got to be happy beforehand and believe it. Give God the glory. Say, "God's got God's got this. &gt;&gt; It's already done. It's already done. The battle is over. The victory's been won." Praise the Lord. That's right. That's the law down here that says that you can prove it's your house. says, "Now, I'm going to take you prematurely. I'm going to do this." No, you're not. Amen. We got a title to this property of ours. That's right. Amen. Praise the Lord. God wants men and women who's got backbone instead of wishbone. When God says anything, we believe it. That's all. That settles it. So, if God makes it true, is that right? That makes it true. And I said, "There you are, Lord. You want somebody talking about the eagle that he saw being brave. He wasn't scared of him with the gun. You want somebody that'll really know what they're talking about and he's ready to stand for that's what's truth." A lot of people say, "Well, I accept my healing. I believe Jesus heals." All right. And the first little cramp that hits you, you're ready to give up. Oh my. You go and say, "I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And shout and dance in the church. And when you come to some critics, meet some critic out there on the street, you're as silent as a church mouse. That's right. Oh, brother, don't hold your peace. Scream it out. Like John the Baptist when that woman wasn't it wasn't right for that king to have her. Remember Herod or one of them said it ain't right for you to have her. And they it cost him his head. He says, "If it takes your head, be like John the Baptist." That's right. Stand for what's truth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. What's that in your hand this afternoon? The doctor's done turned you down. You ain't got time to pedal around with that anymore. Get Christ. Whatever is in your hand, pick up the word of God that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. and slay that thing and walk out. Amen. You say, "Well, brother Benham, you know, kind of whining." He says, "Yeah, you're too timid." That's what it is. That's exactly what's the matter. Amen. Then he goes, "Too timid." Talks about the football stadium. Ain't the size of the dog in the fight. Size of the fight in the dog. It ain't how timid you are, what you are, brother. Rise up. It ain't what you are. It's what Christ is that's in you. what the power of the Holy Ghost is. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right, we're going to skip over a lot of this here and we want to talk in closing. I want to talk about the crowning of our life. But every man makes a statement. How many Christians are in the way tonight in here that are happy that you started a long time ago? I'm happy that I started a long time ago. That's why. How many hands we got up? Started a long time ago. Raise them up high and everybody look around at those hands. Two in the back, one up here. Just the fact that you're here is a miracle. Ain't that right? Because I guarantee you, you've had to have fight many battles, many devils to be here this morning, still serving God. I don't even want to see the crowd that can't raise their hands that have left cro. It's much bigger fall by the wayside because they didn't have that root down on the inside of the inside. are happy started a long time ago done made your start and way down along the road still coming down towards the end I pray that God will crown your ministry whatever it is how many knows God has gifted us with something in life it may be a housewife Amen. Brother Bam said one place, he says, "You moms, you just have about a 25 year span right there that you're going to do your job, and that is to raise those children. Teach them, right? Is that right? That's your job. Once they're 18 and gone, you can still do what you can, but Amen. It changes." So that's your ministry. May God crown the mother's ministry with their children. Amen. I I I thought of something and I'll just bring it up because it comes to my mind. But Hadty Wright, remember Hatty Wright? We can we can say that Hattie Wright turned down $5 trillion for two souls. Her children's souls were worth more than one trillion. Because Brother Bam said, "You're poor. Maybe it's money, right? He says, "Poor, maybe you need financial." He says, "If it don't drop in your lap, I'm a false prophet." I mean, believe she could have asked for a trillion dollars. Sure, but she wasn't interested. Quiet because those souls are worth way more than a trillion dollars. It's worth 10,000 worlds. How do do we all feel that way? That's why we're so happy to have our children at camp. Ain't that right? When they come back, when your children raise, I believe brother Bam said one of brother one of the brothers in church, he says, "Brother, you're blessed." Because her his daughter was speaking in tongues and so forth and all of that. When our children raise their hands in church when they're serving God, there ought to be tears coming out from her parents' eyes. My children or my grandchildren love the Lord. That's worth more than all the money and gold in the world. Amen. May God crown your ministry. Amen. As we come down towards the end, may God crown you. Whatever it is, housewife, I pray that God will crown your ministry. It may be a preacher. It may be a deacon. It may be a lay member. It may be a farmer. I don't know what it is. Whatever it is, may God crown your life with the glory of his word. At his second coming, rapture. you and take you away into another land. Well, you're you'll just be like that little fish that I talked about coming from the darkness of the ocean up to becoming a human or whatever. But Bam says, "I'm getting old. I know that each day I get a new ache and a pain." Amen. Brother Brandham, I think at this time was just a little over 50. Never got to be but 56. I'm already 63. Several years older than what he was. Amen. Some of us are older than that. Almost 70. Brother Martha. Something, isn't it? Makes you think. Amen. When we get down to that door, the thing that we're going to think the most about is what I I'll give you. I I'll read it. Thing that we're going to think about. New ache, new pain. Every one of us do. You might as well tell the truth. I said, I said, "God, don't let me." One of the most miserable things that I see a man or a woman that's never accepted Christ and just lives an old mossback church member, meaner than Satan himself. See him out there crabed at crabbed and old something. I tell you, that's the horriblest crown that Satan can crown a life with. A grouchy old woman about 60 or 70 years old with fat hanging down under her arms. How many knows you're not going to change that? That's right. Wrinkles all over her face. You're not going to change that. But her hair bobbed up four or five different colors and strutting herself down in a pair of little shorts. If that ain't a crowning of Satan, I never seen it. Or some crabby grouchy old man. How many know grouchiness? Crabiness. Unhappiness. That's not of God. We don't want to be crowned with that. Oh God, give me grace to never complain. Amen. How many know it's just much easier to complain? I want my life, Lord. I want my people's life, God. Granted that our life will be crowned no matter if we suffer. Amen. Whatever takes place, I didn't say it early, but a lot of times going down through life as we get older, a lot more of us have road rage in what we realize. Isn't that right? Road rage. I'm talking about the road that we've traveled has caused us to have a rage in our life. Bitter at people, bitter at things, recluse, don't like people because of the hurts that we've had, all the suffering that we've done. Hello. But Lord, help us not to have that kind of road rage. No matter how many turns against me, I know this one thing in my life as I get older, my friends. The stream stream behind me will soon be running out narrower and narrower as I go down the road. And I know one thing, it'll come to pass after a while that nobody will come to me and ask me advice. Amen. You become less noticed, less appreciated. The ones who know me in my younger days are all be gone if I shall live. My friends will get fewer and fewer as I get older now. And I know that someday I've got to die. I know. And I hope that God never lets Satan crown me as an old crabby indifferent man. And my wife, an old nagging woman or your wife or you that way. I pray, brother, that our lives will be crowned with the fruits of the spirit. How many know you'll meet two kinds of old people? You'll meet these sweet little just as nice. Amen. Or an old man that is kind and understanding and is patient or you'll meet a snappy one that'll smack you at this at the wrong word. Is that right? You'll either be nice and sweet and kind and or you'll be crabby as all get out. Life has a way of making you that. It has a way of molding you in that way. put a frown on your face quicker than anything. But God help us to keep a smile on our face. Don't let the devil rob you of your smile because he wants to. Amen. Your wife the way you are crowned with the fruits of the spirit, love, joy, longsuffering, gentleness, patience, truth, faith in the Holy Ghost. Amen. And I don't try I don't try say too much about it now, you know, around people complaining and so forth because I think one of the horriblest things that I see a man or a woman that's constantly complaining. I've always thought God keep me from it. That weakens faith all the time. How many knows there's a lot more to complain about when you get older? Sure there is. Amen. I know as I get older, I have aches and pains. I'm going to try to keep shut up about it. Hey, don't worry about it. God will take care of it. Amen. I'm gonna say it again. You know that stomach hurting that I had a couple weeks ago? I'm gonna say it again that I'm so thankful. We don't realize because I thought it was serious. It may still be. I don't know. I don't believe it was. I shouldn't say that, but I don't feel it anymore for people. I don't feel it anymore. I thank God for it. I'm feeling good. Praise the Lord. Amen. I think sometimes we have we get healed and don't even realize it. How many believe that? We do. Amen. But I realize it and I thank God for it. But it is easier. Listen to listen to this. woman that's constantly complaining. I've always thought, "God, keep me from it." Weaks in faith all the time. He says, "I know as I get older, each one of us, we're going to get something happen and and another something's going to happen. More things are going to happen. And I know those little things are going to keep accumulating." Amen. How many can say amen? &gt;&gt; That's as you get older. They just got it. But I think one of the most horrible things is for Satan to crown a person's life is a crabed old man or a crab old woman. I hope I don't get to that place. I hope that I can bear it as my burdens get to a spot to where I want my life to be crowned with the glory of God, his longsuffering, his gentleness, his peace, his meekness, filled with the Holy Ghost. Another quote, "One of the my main things that's always hurt me through my life has been a nervous condition that when I get so worn and I get to feeling weary, I get the kind of feeling like nobody cares for you." Amen. How many know that's when we get older? Be careful. The devil put all kinds of thoughts like that in your heart. Nobody really cares about me. Nobody noticing me. I'm not important. Well, I'm not important anymore. I'm a has been. That's what the devil will tell you. You're not as you're not a hasb been. People do care about you. And brother Brandham had to fight that that nobody loves him. Nobody cares for him. And then he be to think again, but what about all those people come knocking on your door? He can't stay at a hotel. He says, "There you go, devil. Yeah, people do care about me. Yeah, people do love me. How many will say that? Say, God, when the devil tries to tell me I ain't got no friends and nobody cares about me. Forget that. You got friends. &gt;&gt; You got church people that love you. God loves you. If nobody else does, that's good enough. If Jesus loves you, be happy. &gt;&gt; You sisters, you want to be like that old lady, I guess it was, and she always would say everything good about people. So, somebody thought they'd get her. And they said, "Hey, ma'am, what about the devil? What can you say good about the devil? And she said, "He's a good adversary." Talk about being positive. How many believe you want to stay positive? &gt;&gt; Keep a smile on your face. Keep smiling. The devil don't like it. Amen. That's right. He's a good adversary. That's right. Nobody cares for you. He says, "And you have it, too." He says, "You have it, too." And I just happened to have a real overdose of it. So, apparently, Brother Bannon would had just a real bad case of it. And he had a right to, you know, in 1963, he barely had a place to preach there for a while. and the ministry that he had 50,000 heathens and every meeting 500,000 people come to his meetings to see the manifestation of Jesus Christ, God using him and then come down to where he barely had an open door. That had to be depressing. That had to be it had to weigh on him. Nobody really cares. Amen. At one place, Brother Brandham, he had he had emotions. He had feelings. How many believe we got to watch? We got to check that as old people. Watch your emotions and your feelings. Don't let the devil use him and all of a sudden get you to whining and complaining. But he was just going to go out in the mountains. Remember, &gt;&gt; nobody would listen to him. He had the gift of God and he should have had everybody coming to Christ and nobody would. He says, "Let me just go out like John the Baptist, go out in the wilderness and I'll come back." And we all know why where that would have led him in that dump along with all the others. uh you know because his wife would have left him he said and everything else if he had tried to live like that so God had to straighten him up on that but he he got the blues he said I had just had an overdose of it you know it gets real bad sometimes Amen hardly it's tension that's what does it and I get to a spot that many times especially so many of those vision things that happen so then when you wonder then you get to thinking well he says and you get off to your and think, well, now what have I done? Amen. As you get older, you think almost 70, maybe 60, whatever it might be. What have I done? Where have I gotten to in life? Amen, brother John. We think about that. How much have I achieved? You'll have thoughts, what have I achieved? Devil try to get to you to look at all your mistakes that you've made. Makes you feel bad about that. Amen. How many's glad for the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. You're thinking, "What have I done? I'm 50 years old and I've done nothing for the Lord. I'm getting old." He says, "And what's and then you just get what we used to call the blues." Some of you brethren about my age remember what they used to call the blues. Amen. Let me just ask you this morning, how many in tears ever got the blues? Yeah, I've got them. I've got the blues. When you just kind of get down, kind of want to give up, just just don't know how to hardly go on. Just the blues. Amen. My wife knows. Don't talk to me. Just leave me alone. That's the way I get. Leave me alone. Give me a day, whatever it takes. And I got to pray. Say, Lord, get me up out of these blues because I'm not always smiling, folks. I do get the blues. I'm sure you do, too. Amen. But God don't want you that way. Amen. Pop used to call it, and I wonder what it meant. And I sure know what he meant. So then he says you go to feeling that way which none of which none of it he says is true. It's just you. Amen. It's just you. He says you know it. He says you know it's just you doing that. Amen. You allowing yourself to get into that place and then you get over it. So how many would say Lord help me this morning. Help me this morning to have a cheerful attitude. Let me be a lively stone. Let me be an example to my grandchildren. Let me set the pace of what stability looks like. Ain't that right? What a stable, sound Christian, unmovable, solid in the gospel. Amen. Is like. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. That was my message. I hope you enjoyed it. Let's stand if you will with me. Let's give the Lord a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. The Lord gives glory. Amen. Now, let's bow our heads and change the order of the service. Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning thankful over Lord, many of us that are up 50, 60 years old, 40, no matter, we're all thankful, Lord Jesus, for your hand that has held us, Lord Jesus. We haven't always held your hand, but you've held ours, Father. And you've brought us through many different things, Lord. Many molding times, shaping times, forming times, things that we went through that formed our character, that shaped us, Lord Jesus. And if in any way, Father, our character isn't the way that it's supposed to be, we know you'll have to. You will break us back down. You'll take that, Lord, and you'll shape it into your image because we're predestinated to be conformed to the image of your son. That is your heart's desire, Lord. We pray, Father, that you'll continue to mold us. Help each one of us, Lord, that are older or younger, Father, if we've gotten a heart of stone, if we've gotten hard-hearted, Lord Jesus, tenderize us and make us realize as, Father, if we want a friend, maybe we should be more friendly. If we want kindness, maybe we should be showing others kindness, Lord. And quit worrying so much about oursel and think more about others and stay that way, Lord Jesus, because it's not about us, but Lord, about manifesting you, Lord Jesus. And we ask God that you'd help each one here this morning, Father, that we would be crowned, our lives would be crowned with the fruits of the spirit that we have joy and peace and gentleness and longsuffering and patience and meekness, Lord, in our lives, Lord. Not to be impatient and snappy and crabby, Lord Jesus. Not that way, Lord Jesus, and complaining about everything. God, help us not to be that way, but to be thankful for what we have for there's always somebody in bad worse shape than what we are. So, we should always be thankful, Lord. And we ask, God, that you'd help us to be in that way. And now, Father, as we're about to take the Lord's supper, Father, as we're about to take the wine and the bread, the foot washing to remember that it was all because of Calvary that we can re have strength, Lord Jesus, to have our lives crowned with your glory. Lord, we ask God that we'd help each one that that take partakes of it, Lord Jesus, in Jesus name. Amen. Turn your Bibles if you will to First Corinthians the 11th chapter. 1 Corinthians 11 verse 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner, he also took the cup. When he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat of this bread and drink of this cup, you do show the Lord's death until he come. Wherefore, wherefore, whosoever shall eat of this bread and drink of this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. Amen. Let me just say this. I believe you should be filled with the Holy Ghost to take this. Amen. Because if you're not filled with the Holy Ghost, you really take it unworthily. Amen. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chastening of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tar one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that he come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come. Amen. Everybody that wants to take of the Lord's supper this afternoon, if you would come up around to the right
