################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-17 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt • 51625 • Fri. • The Days of Miracles, Its Our Turn. - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-17
Title:   Bro. Timothy Pruitt • 5/16/25 • Fri. • The Days of Miracles, Its Our Turn.
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJjl8bag5Mg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Doo doo [Music] doo doo. [Music] [Music] Do you? [Music] Thank you. [Music] Everything. [Music] [Music] [Music] Down. [Music] Ooh. Ooh. [Music] Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. How many's looking forward to praising the Lord tonight? Amen. How many believes he's worthy of praise? He's worthy of all the praise that we can give him. Amen. Our God is an awesome God. How many believes that? Amen. How many enjoyed last night? Amen. That was such a wonderful service. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Let's all stand if you will tonight. Amen. Stand with me. Amen. We just want to welcome each and every one of you and we pray that the Lord will speak to your heart tonight. Amen. How many would say, you know, I, you know, I want my neighbors to get something, but I want God to speak to my heart. Amen. I want him to speak to me. And I truly believe that we've got God's man here tonight. Amen. As we did last night. Amen. Brother Timothy Prut is going to speak this evening. Amen. And Brother Andrew again tomorrow night. And then Brother Timothy again Sunday morning. Amen. And so we're just looking forward to uh Amen. what the Lord will have, what the Lord will do. Amen. How many knows it's only what the Holy Spirit does that's really important around here. Amen. But God bless each and every one of you tonight. Amen. All of our visitors. We can't go through everybody, but we sure appreciate you being here tomorrow morning at 10:00. Amen. We're going to have a ministers brunch. Amen. And their wives. Ministers and their wives brunch at brother Brad's pal's house. Amen. And then, Brother John Ler, is it going to start at 10:00 at the Tinton Gym? It's going to be here. All right. Didn't rain all that much. I think I think you might be right. All right. So, right here at 10:00. Starting at 10 here for youth activities. Amen. During today and so forth. Okay. Is there anything else I need to announce on that? Okay. 10:00. So, all those that are young or young at heart. Amen. Amen. Come and enjoy each other's fellowship tomorrow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Might as well get started. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to have Brother Brad come open to prayer. Amen. Then we'll turn it over to Brother Joshua. Amen. For song leading. Amen. Amen. Before we go in prayer, just a couple of uh special prayer requests that we want to before the the Lord and and the church here tonight. And Sister uh Janet, she's had her legs irrigated. She's having some some problems with her legs and so she's in a lot of pain tonight and we want to remember her. But the doctor says she is progressing well. She's ahead of where she where he expected her to be. So God is moving. We just ask that God continue. Also, there's a a brother we've been praying for, young man, 37 years old, uh Murray Reeves. Uh brother Glenn, Sister Sherry, I believe is their nephew. Um and he's he was born with spinoipida and he's never been out of a wheelchair. He's 37 years old and at 9 months old he had a shunt put in his back and it's given him trouble. So he's got to go in Monday for a very sensitive and delicate surgery. So how many will just pray and agree that the Lord would just lead and guide the physicians as they perform that procedure. So let's just bow our heads and go before the Lord in prayer tonight. Gracious heavenly father, what a privilege it is, Lord, just to be in your house tonight, Lord, just to gather together with believers from all over just to come and bring their little licks of fire. And I just read where the prophet said he bring this lick of fire and this lick of fire and it just builds and builds until it's just a roaring flame. And so, Lord, we just ask and invite you into our presence tonight, Lord. And Lord, we just come expectation tonight, Lord, in anticipation of what you'll do in the service, Lord. And so we know Satan, he tries many times to invade upon your people and upon God's property. And he'll invade by uh taking away happiness and joy and and tenderness and love. He takes those things away. But tonight, Lord, we just ask that you would show yourself as mighty warrior and mighty in battle. And we declare war tonight, Lord, upon Satan. So Lord, we just ask that you would move tonight in a special way. We ask Lord for these special requests, Sister Janet and her legs, Lord, that you would just continue to touch and heal her body. And for this young man, 37 years old and bound in a wheelchair. But Lord, we just ask that you would lead and guide and direct the doctors as they perform the surgery on Monday. That that he will have peace and comfort as he goes into surgery, as he's confessed that he's scared and he's worried, but Lord, we know that you bring peace and you're the great physician. So Lord, we just ask that you would move in that need. be with the song service tonight and each and everything that be said and done to bring honor and glory to you. Be with brother Timothy and anoint him in a special way that he would speak the words of life into our hearts tonight, Lord. And we would receive what you have in store for us. We're a needy people, but we know you're able to meet each and every one. And we give you praise and glory. Amen. In Jesus' name. Amen. Brother Josh. Amen. Blessing. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. with my hands lifted up. Oh, and my mouth filled with praise and with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of [Music] thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. And with my hands lifted up, with my hands lifted up. Oh, and my mouth filled with praise and with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh [Music] Lord, with a heart of [Music] thanksgiving. I will bless thee all. And my God is awome and he can move mountains. Keep me in the valley and hide me from the rain. And my God is awesome. He heals me when I'm broken. The strength where I've been weaken forever. He will reign. And my God is awome. He's awome. Lord, you're awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is awome. Lord, you're awome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is awesome. The savior of the whole world, the giver of salvation. By his stripes, I am healed. Claim it this evening. Oh my God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Oh my God is awome. He's awome. Lord, you're awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is awome. Oh, you're [Music] awome. Awesome. He's a Let's sing the second verse one more time. My God is awesome. The savior of the whole world, the giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. And my God, it is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Just lift it up. Oh my God is awome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awome. Lord, you're awome. Oh my God is awesome. Lord, you're awome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is awome. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. How great is our God. Oh yes. How great is our God. Oh sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, the splender of a king. He's clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. And darkness tries to hide. And it trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. Name above all names. Oh yes. For he's the name above all names. You are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Name above all names. Oh yes. Preord the name above all names. You are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great. Oh yes. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Let's lift it up with just our voices now. Oh yes. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Amen. Just praise him this evening. Yes, Lord. You are great, Lord. There's none above you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. You deserve the glory and the honor. And you deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. And Lord, we lift our hands in worship. as we praise your holy name. For you are great, so great. And there is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. And you deserve the glory. Oh, and [Music] beyond. And Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you deserve the glory and the [Music] honor. And Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. And there is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. Amen. Amen. And all my life you have been faithful. Now all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. I will receive of the goodness of God. All my life, all my life, you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love your voice. And you have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been [Music] faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Has he been good to you this evening? Has he been good to you your whole life? Amen. And even when we weren't faithful to him, he was always faithful to us. Amen. You may have your seats this evening. We're going to take up the offering at this time. And Michael, John, and brother Paul, if you'd come this evening. Amen. We have no written prayer requests. I mean, Brother Brad took them already. So, brother Matt McLar, if you just come and pray over this offering, the service. Amen. Let's bow our heads. How many loves the Lord? Amen. And ain't it good to be in church? Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Father, we love you, Lord. We're expecting great things tonight, Lord. Lord, as we take up this offering, Lord, may it go to the furnace of the gospel, Father. May you bless the hands of the giver, Lord, and the places it goes, God. May it be multiplied exceedingly abundantly, Father. Lord, and we just ask you to move in a mighty, mighty way. Lord, I pray you move Brother Timothy out of the way. And may you just have preeminence. May you speak to hearts, God. May you renew life, Lord God, and may you just touch every life that's represented here, Lord. And we'll be very, very careful to give you all praise and all glory. We love you, Lord. In the name, Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. [Music] Amen. Amen. We have a couple specials this evening. I wonder if Sister Laura and Sister Jessica, Rebecca, if you'd come this evening. before they come. Let's sing the same God that spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. I look back on history. Oh, I look back on history. See the mighty God unveil, proving over and over that his word can never fail. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past [Music] memory. Cuz he's the same God who's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red [Applause] sea. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. Hey, brother Philip, if you could come right after them. Thank you. [Music] test. [Music] Something marvelous happened to [Music] me. I was a prisoner, but your love broke me free. I was blind and unbelief, but you made me see. Hallelujah. Hallelu. I am living proof. My God is on the move. There's nothing that he can't do. Faith, rise up. Faith, rise [Music] up. Something miraculous happened to me. [Music] I was a criminal, but your blood washed me clean. I was destined for the grave, but you rose for me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am living proof. My God is on the move. There's nothing that he can't do. Faith rise up. Faith rise up. I am living proof. My God is on the move. There's nothing that he can't do. Faith rise up. Faith rise up. I am a walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus saved me. He freed me. And he's still moving. Hallelujah. I am walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus, he saved me and freed me. And he's still moving. Hallelujah. I am living proof. My God is on the move. There's nothing that he can't do. Faith rise up. Faith rise up. I am a walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus saved me and freed me and he's still moving. [Music] Hallelujah. I am walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus, he saved me and freed me and he's still moving. [Music] Hallelujah. I am evidence that my God is real. [Music] I am a miracle. My heart has been healed. Come and witness for yourself. He is revealed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus, he saved me and freed me and he's still moving. Hallelujah. I am walking, talking, living, breathing. Hallelujah. Jesus, he saved me and freed me and he's still moving. Hallelujah. I am living proof. My God, he's on the move. There's nothing that he can't do. Faith, rise up. Faith, rise up. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I hope they got these words. Y'all help me sing this song. Um, if he's done something for you, you know his eyes been on you your whole life. Y'all sing this song with me. And why should I [Music] feel discouraged? And why should the shadows come? [Music] Oh, and why should my heart be lonely, lonely and long for heaven and home? When Jesus is, he's my portion. [Music] My constant friend is he and oh his eyes. Oh his eyes on the [Music] sparrow. And I know I know he's watching. [Music] over me. Oh, and I sing I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I sing I sing because I' been set free. Oh, cuz his eye Oh, his eye is on. It's on the sparrow. And I know I know he's watching over me. Oh, can't you sing because that you're happy? Oh, can't you sing because he set you free? Oh, oh, he's I is on the sparrow. Oh, and I know. Oh, he's watching over me. Oh, and can't you sing because Oh, you're happy. Oh, can't you sing because he set you free. Oh. Oh, his eye is on on the sparrow. And I know I know he's watching over me. Oh, now can't you sing? And because that you're happy. Oh, can't you sing? All because he set you free. know cuz his eye is on the spare. Oh, and I know that he's watching over [Applause] [Music] me. Love it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Woo. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Is on the SP. I know he's watching [Applause] me. He watches me. Amen. How many glad to have somebody watches over you? He protects you. He supplies all your needs. He knows the fall of a sparrow. He knows the number of your hair. Amen. And that's the kind of God we serve. Amen. Amen. That's why I love that song. He's an awesome God. Our God is greater than any other God. Amen. So-called God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, this is Friday night, so we're just going to have a good old time. Amen. Is that all right? Amen. I uh we're just going to take our time with songs. You can be seated. We got one more. Amen. I've asked some of our sisters, Amen. Uh, Sister Michelle and, uh, my daughter and granddaughters if they'll come up. We got one more song that always blesses me and I trust it'll be a blessing to you. And I decided to squeeze this in here yet tonight. So, enjoy it. [Music] Are you past the point of we? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me say about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's done all it's stealing and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Can wipe away the tears, the broken dreams and wasted years until the past to disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. And on the wrong turns that you would going under if you could, you can work it out for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes the way by the rain. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And let my Jesus change your life. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Did y'all enjoy that? I knew it. Amen. It's just such a blessing. Amen. Coming from those innocent voices. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand and we'll change the order of the service. Amen. And we welcome our precious brother Timothy Puit. Amen. Amen. To come up here and just share his heart. Amen. Let's sing Amazing Grace as we invite him to come to the pulpit. Amen. Hallelujah. God is good, isn't he? How many's got their hearts open now, Lord Jesus? Now comes the battle. Amen. We sang. Now we're courageous. We're ready to eat him up, right? I mean, we're ready for battle now. So now, let that word come and just smite our enemy. Amen. May he be smitten out of every one of our lives. any any attack that he puts on us or comes against us. Amen. He is defeated. How many knows he is a defeated enemy? Amen. He is absolutely a powerless enemy. Praise the Lord. Oh, how many is thankful for that amazing grace? How sweet the sound. Sing grace how sweet how sweet that and sing like me. Well, I once was lost but now I'm found. I was [Music] blind. I see through many dangerous. Oh my. I have already come. [Applause] Already come. Oh, his grace has brought his savior far and grace will lead. Let's just sing this. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to praise you, Lord. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our hearts to him tonight. Father, so thankful, Lord, that we can come to you tonight and bow our hearts to to a living God. A God not made of hands of man's abilities, but a God that is the same yesterday, today, and forever. A God that can meet every need here tonight. No doubt if I asked for hands to be lifted, there'd be hands lifted all over this building because we are a needy people and we have need of you tonight. And we just ask Lord you'll come and touch every heart represented every life. You know the needs, you know the situations, you know the desires, the cries of the heart, Lord. Even the prayers that they even prayed today or this week, Lord, or whatever, you know each one, Father. And we just ask God that you would be welcome here. We felt you so much around us in the worship, Lord, and the praise to your name. And we just ask, Lord, as the word comes forth that you would break the bread of life to us, Lord, and you would do the speaking and you would do the hearing, Lord, and may our ears be open to hear what you have to say. We ask these things in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. You turn your Bibles to John chapter 6. Have a couple of scriptures to read. Luke 24 and also Job 5. Just like to say it's a wonderful opportunity to be here with you and amen to minister to you this weekend. Um sure enjoyed last night and the things we heard last night of Amen from famine into revival. And I believe we're in the greatest revival that's ever struck this earth. Amen. The bride's revival. Amen. The word revival. Amen. And we're thankful. Amen. to have such a word as what we have today that Amen. that we can see things that we see. We see prophecies being fulfilled and we see God manifesting himself among us and amen just want to thank everyone that's come out tonight. God bless you. Amen. The ministry that's here tonight and amen lot from our own church and amen that's here. We thank you for being here and putting your lick of fire together. I I believe it's a time that we just lay aside every every kind of weird feelings and amen maybe little things that we've held and just lay it all aside and let God have his way in our hearts and our lives. Amen. Is that what your desire is? Amen. John chapter 6 and verse three, it says Jesus went up into a mountain and there he sat with his disciples and the Passover a feast of Jews was nigh. And when Jesus then lifted up his eyes, he saw a great company come unto him? He saith unto Philillip, Whence shall we buy bread that these may eat? And this he said to prove him, for he himself knew what he would do. And Philip answered him, saying, uh, 200 penny worth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little. And one of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him, "There is a lad here, which has five barley loaves and two small fish. But what are they among so many?" And Jesus said, "Make the men sat down." Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down in number, about 5,000. And Jesus took the loaves. And when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down, and likewise the fishes as much as they would. And when they were filled, he said unto his disciples, "Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost." Therefore, they gathered them together, and filled 12 baskets with the fragments of five barley loaves. 12 baskets with the fragments of five barley loaves which remained over and above unto them that had eaten. Amen. Luke chapter 24 and 30 says and it came to pass as he sat this was after the road road to Emmas we know the story and they beg they bade him to come in you know and uh and ask him to come inside and it came to pass when he sat at meat with them he took bread and blessed it and break and gave to them and their eyes were open and they knew him and he vanished out of their sight and they said one to another did not our heart burn within us while he talked with us by the way and while he opened us the scriptures. Amen. Also, if you wouldn't mind, Job 5 and verse 8 said, "I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause, which doeth great things, and unsearchable, marvelous things without number." Amen. God bless. You can be seated. just had this thought on my heart as begin to look towards these meetings and and last night with what brother Andrew preached I was some places I was kind of holding back like no don't go there you know how how somehow I know these ministers know how it is you know you get a thought and a thing and and a certain vein and the one before you starts getting into it you're like wait a minute now you know but that's just how God does and so God puts it all together it you know it isn't that we sit together and we say well I'm going to preach this and oh then you going to preach that I'll preach this. No, that ain't the way it happens. But God can bring two men from a total different place and and put them together and bring something. I believe that'll be a blessing this weekend. You know, brother Brandon would say say this and and God talked to Moses. He said, "I believe that the age has come now. the miraculous, the phenomenal, the baptism of the spirit, power and signs and wonders, the great outpouring of God's spirit in the last days. And that's the thing that brings faith into the people that'll take a rapture faith that'll take the church into glory. I don't know about you, but that's where I'm looking to go. Amen. Tonight, I I'd like to speak to you on this thought, and I'd like to speak to you on the days of miracles. It's our turn. Amen. Because I I believe that we're not here to just talk. Although we do talk about what God did in the yesterday and and you know 2,000 years ago or 5,000 6,000 years ago or or 60 years ago. Amen. But I I believe that that same God is still the same today. Amen. I believe what he did then he was showing us what he can do today. Because if you want to know what God's attitude is towards something or how what God feels or what God looks at something, you go back and see what he was because what he was is what he is. Because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I believe we're living in a wonderful time. I believe we're living in the greatest Amen. outpouring of the spirit of God that's ever happened upon the face of this earth. And I I believe that that the the miracles that are taking place, I I believe in this building is all kinds of miracles. Sometimes we look around and a as as Gideon did and he said if God be before us where are the miracles you know but if we're not careful we look at all these other but if we'll look we'll see miracles all around us and God can take lives and God can take sinners and God can take drunks and God can take alcoholics and druggies and all kinds of things prostitutes whatever and he can take them and change them in such a way and take that desire out of their life. Amen. and put a uh something inside of them to live an overcoming life. Amen. Brother Brandon would talk about in a paradox. He said a paradox is something that seems incredible but is true. Amen. He said that therefore a paradox would be the same as a miracle. Amen. A miracle, a paradox when something that seems like it just couldn't be. Amen. In the knowledge of a human mind is altogether incredible but yet has been proven true. He said, "Now a miracle would be the same thing. For a miracle cannot be explained. A miracle is something that happened yet you cannot explain it." Amen. That makes it a paradox. It's incredible, but it's true. He said, "But now in the days that we're living in, the modernists and the intellectuals, they believe in the days of miracles are passed. They don't believe that there's no such a thing as a miracle." He said, "But I believe the world is full of miracles." I I tell you what, we're about to see the greatest miracle that has ever struck this earth, and that's the body change. Amen. We're not talking about just a temporary healing because listen, you can get sick today, be healed tomorrow, and get sick the next day. Amen. But we're about to step into a place, amen, that this body is going to change and it'll never be sick again. It'll never feel the pressures of the world again. It'll never feel, Amen, the anxieties and the fears and and the unbelief and all those things. That is where we are about to step into and I I believe we're very close to that. But he said, you know, he said, I believe that every bornagain member of the body of Christ is a paradox in themsself. He said, every one of you, maybe you was a Methodist or a Presbyterian or a Luther and you never experienced the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you was in some formal church that didn't believe in the genuine new birth, but has now received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's a perfect example of a paradox. That's a perfect example of a miracle. Amen. Because something happened to you. It changed everything, didn't it, brother Tommy? It changed everything. It changed your thinking. It changed your past. It changed your present. And it changed your future. It changed everything when the Holy Ghost came down upon your life. He said, "But see, unless that miracle happens and it changes your whole being, it changes everything, you're not even a Christian, right? There must be a paradox for you to become a Christian because no one can change a spirit of man and give a new birth outside of God. God alone is the only one that can do it. It's a miracle how God can take a man's thinking and a man's ways and a man's life and change it from where he was into what it can be. How many thankful for that grace in your life? Amen. He changed your thinking. He changed your ways. He changed what you thought you was going to do, how you thought you was going to be, what you thought you was going to accomplish, and he changed it all. That is a paradox. That is a miracle that is standing here before us today. Amen. We we see the moon. We see the sun. We see all the things God created and how God does things. You know, we we we look at the sun and it rises every day. And it's a miracle that that is there every day for hundreds of maybe millions of years, however long that God spoke it into existence. But not one time do we get up worrying about is it going to rise today. Not one time do we worry about is the moon going to be there? Is the stars going to be there? Amen. We're not worried because it's God's spoken word. Let there be. And God allowed it and it happened just as he said it would. And that is no different than sea jeans of God that God spoke before the foundation of the world. You're here because God spoke you into existence. Hallelujah. And if darkness cannot put out the sun, neither can darkness of Leo put out the light that God has ordained in your life to live. Hallelujah. But the moon thousands of miles from the earth and but it controls the seas and and the seas can only go so far. That's incredible. But it's true. Amen. Millions and millions and millions of miles and stars and things that that are perfectly in order and we people have studied it for thousands of years. It's a paradox. It cannot be explained. They try to but they find out later they might be wrong about it. Amen. They but it's true. You know, we got winter time he talks about and ground freezing and but there'll be a little seed down in there and that little seed is a germ of life and that seed will freeze and it'll bust open and the pulp will run out and the German life being laid in the dust in a frozen seed of ice. How it's preserved? How is it going to come back in springtime? Could you explain that? No. It's a paradox. It's a miracle. Amen. You see it every day when a blade of grass comes up, when a flower is born again. Amen. That is a paradox. It's a miracle. Amen. Amen. Paul's speaking about the world's being framed and put together by the word of God. It's the word, God's word. It's a paradox. It's incredible, but it's true. Amen. We could talk about Abraham of how he was a man past the abilities to bring forth a son and Sarah was past age barren. Amen. It looked impossible, but nothing is impossible with God. Can we get that in our hearts tonight? Nothing is impossible with God. I don't care what sickness you have. I don't care what sin you have. I don't care what problem you have. I don't care what issue you have. Nothing. Nothing is impossible with God. The same God that brought a dead womb to life. Amen. A 90-year-old woman and changed her back again that a king would look at her and desire for her. That same God is the same one that can take you. You might be broken down. You might be full of sin. You might be full of unbelief. You might be full of every kind of spirit. But there's a power that can raise you up. There's a power that can lift you up above that old dirt. It's incredible. But it's true. Amen. How many can say it's true? Hallelujah. Amen. It's incredible that Amen. And Abraham would take Isaac to a top of a mountain after he received the promised son and and he's going up to worship and and God told him go go to go sacrifice him and Abraham didn't go up there with a lot of doubt. He went up there with faith. Isaac looked around and said, "Well, here's the wood. We got fire. Where's the sacrifice?" He started having a few questions. Abraham didn't explain it to him. He said, "God will provide." Hallelujah. Incredible but true. But when he spoke that, there was a last there was a ram created. Come on, somebody. Amen. God will provide. Oh my. Amen. It's incredible, but it's true. But when he went to bring back his hand to strike the little lad, the scripture said, he said, "Don't do it, Abraham." Amen. You've been faithful, but I got a ram for you. I got a play. I got a I got something I provided for you. It's incredible, but it's true. Amen. Well, if we think we know what God can create, why would we doubt in this day that God can still create? That's right. He did it in our day. He did it with squirrels. That's right. Hello. He did it with squirrels. Amen. Brother Brown brings that. It's so incredible. He said, "Here I was." He He said, "I saw all this happening." You know the squirrels, different ones that think, different things that happened. And he said it was incredible, but it's true. And he goes over to a little lady's house. Had it right. And and she's sitting there and she got these two boys and he said, "If they'll excuse me for saying this, they were renegades, boys of the world." Little woman sitting there and said, "Hatty, the Lord God, you said right there, he provided them squirrels. He's Jehovah Gyra." And something on the inside of her welled up and said, "That's nothing but the truth." Amen. She said the right thing. Amen. And it caused something to happen. He said, he said, just think about it. As dirty and filthy as we are, who who is he that sits back yonder or beyond the moon and stars, space and time and eternity, that even the angels are dirty in his sight? Who are we? But a woman said the right thing that calls the heart of Jehovah and said, "You test ask her what she want and I'll give it to you." He said, "That's incredible, but it's true. She could ask for a lot of things. She was a poor woman. He said, "If you ask for a million dollars, it'll be sitting here. If you ask for the healing of your sister, it'll happen. But she wanted something that was more than just a temporary satisfaction." Hallelujah. Is there somebody here that wants something more than just a temporary satisfaction? Amen. But we want something that's eternal and has eternal value. She said, "I want the salvation of my two boys." And God gave her her desire. [Applause] I'm about to read a script. I'm about to read a quote, excuse me, a quote where brother said, "If God meets a man on one certain term and the same another man meets that same terms and God doesn't heal him like he did the first one, he said he's he's not he's a liar." Well, you I'll read it in a minute. Right. He said, "Well, I I ain't worthy enough. I I I don't know. I got a lot of faults." And brother B just address that. He says, "As dirty and filthy as we are, it ain't dependent upon our righteousness. It's dependent upon the righteousness of our lamb. And we have a righteous lamb. We have a righteous sacrifice. [Music] So if you meet the same terms that Hattie Wright meant, God will do the same thing for you. I've seen it happen, right, Brother Joe? We We can testify. Probably already told it here. One of us have, but Amen. There was a little girl about 16 years old come up to an altar. Brother Wayne Lawson was ministering on a Wednesday night. And she came up to the altar and she said, "I want my brother back." I want our family back together. Amen. Those words begin to go into an atmosphere somewhere and it begin to move in in the supernatural realm. You say, "Well, that's hard to believe." It's incredible, but it's true. Amen. It went all the way over about five or six miles as a crow flies. And it landed on a little backsliden boy, been in drugs, been in a rock band, been in a college sing. And he's laying in his bed. All of a sudden, he wakes up and he said, "My mom ain't home. My dad's almost 11:30. We having a prayer line. We was having some church. On a Wednesday night. Hallelujah. Amen. Here he was. My mom and daddy. I ain't heard them. Come on. Goes in there and checks them. They ain't in there. Sister ain't home. He gets all tore up nervous. He gets in his car and it's raining. It's raining like crazy. You thought today was something. It's raining. He driving like a maniac cuz now he's got a fear. I done missed the rapture. God knows how to get you. and he goes over to another brother's house. He ain't home. Now, what would have happened if that brother had just came up with some excuse of not going to church that night and he'd have been home? You don't know when God's going to use you. It might be just you getting dressed on a Wednesday night when you've been all stressed out, tore up, tangled up with the work and everything else. But you say, "I as for me in my house, I'm going to go to the house of God. I'm going to worship him whether I feel like it or not. I don't care if it's rain and storm and hailing. I am going to the house of God. Goes to he go and he said, "Well, I got to go to church." And he comes flying down this little trail we used to have our church on. We've moved since. And and he's flying down. He runs off and tears up about 100 foot of fence. Tears up his transmission. Pokes a hole in it. It limps in the church, dies in the parking lot. There's a brother out on the porch. He's rocking a baby cuz it's almost midnight. and he sees this struggle and his boy still in his pajamas. He didn't care. Amen. I trust some of you can get to the point you don't care about what anybody thinks. You don't care if somebody says something or if somebody puts it on Facebook. I could care less. I got to get to my Jesus. He realized, I still have a chance. And he pull falls out of that truck and he begins to scream out, I still got a chance. I still got a chance. And he starts coming to the house of God. Within about 20 minutes of that little girl speaking it, that boy came in the back door and gave his heart to Jesus Christ. That's been about eight years ago and he's still serving God today. If God will do it for Hattie and he'll do it for a 16-year-old girl, God can do it for you, too. It's a paradox, but it's your turn to have a miracle. It's your turn for God to move on your behalf. We can talk about Noah's turn. We can talk about all kinds of people's turn. We can talk about the Hebrew children's turn. That's right. Came their time one time. But they had to recognize I, you know, king, do whatever you want to do. But as for me, I ain't going to bend my knee to that idol. Come on, man. I'll tell you what happened. I'll just drop it in here for a moment. Brother brother Tom said we was taking our time. So, we just going to take our time. We started early tonight anyhow, didn't we? I generally ain't longwinded, but I ain't going to give you I I don't know what's going to happen. It's up to him. All I know is one day I was speaking on this at brother Ron Spencer's and I was speaking about the man there three Hebrew children and I walked out in front of his pullpit walked away from my iPad. I didn't at that time I didn't have a watch on. Don't have one tonight but I didn't have even have a eye eyew watch at that moment that could operate this thing and it went black and I'd been preaching on these three three Hebrew children. And I walk around the front and I'm and I'm in the middle of a I'm I'm in the middle of a storm. My mom is having her brain bleeds and she's she's uh in in and out of the hospital just a would actually end up being the last few moments or mo months of her life. It's in June and I she would pass away there in August but she'd been in and out of the hospital and things with seizures and more brain bleeds and all kind of stuff is happening and I'm looking for God and I I'm preaching on a God who answers. Right. Come on, buddy. And I and I and I was speaking about this and I said and I just began to demonstrate. It was brother Brandonwood. He said he said that Wormwood came up and Michael came up and and he said, "This ain't your job. It's a job for me." And he said, "Hey, grabbed a zigzag of lightning and a thundercloud and down into the fire he went." And I said these words and he came down. And at that moment, amen, I hear something. I'm looking around and I'm like, "What is happening?" And I hear a voice speaking and I realize it ain't me talking no more. What's talking? And I look around and my iPad had come back on a few moments before. Incredible but true, right? He was sitting right back there. Amen. I My iPad came back on. Brother Ron P kind of nudged Andrew and said, "The angel of the Lord standing at the pull pit. It went through my I didn't even have the table pulled. I'd closed up all those ads." But it pulled it up. went down through the list of tapes and and pushed play. All right. Incredible but true. I was there. And the voice of the prophet began to boom out all over that building. Some in the back. It was in the vestiel thought they had it over the over the speakers and it began to boom out and it began to speak. It says that's the favorite of all the hymns. He said uh Cluth Bill what's his name? Huh? Booth Clifford. He wrote this he wrote this song in a corn field. He said, "I love it because it expresses the extreme deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, especially in the day that we're living in." I didn't even catch what was happening at that moment, but I would go back and I would realize he I thought I thought at that moment it must have been, you know, I think come to only believe it was the first one, but I realized that was Paul Raider and and that wasn't him. And back and I begin to look what did he write? What did he write? And I pulled it up. It was down from his glory. Ever living story. Just as I'm speaking that and it came down. It's incredible, but it's true. I would go home and I first I'd go to another meeting there the next weekend with brother Wayne Lawson and he would preach on in line for a miracle. And I real I'd realized God was doing something. And here here my my in my point of view I thought well God just he's going to raise my mom up and it's over with. You know I I was looking for a God to answer and he's coming down in the fire and and and this is amazing. But that ain't the way God was going to work it out. But God was still going to work it out. And here here he is. A I I was to go to that meeting. I go home and the day I fly in she would go back into the hospital and she wouldn't ever come out again. And but I would go there in the next day or so and she hadn't talked in about 17 18 hours. Hadn't made a sound. Just kind of staring off in fa in space because she had these brain bleeds and and the doctors was like, "Well, something's happened. We don't know exactly." And they were and we walked into this ICU room and me and my dad's talking to the doctor for a moment. I'm looking at her and she's just looking up and I walk up I walk up to her bedside and my dad said, "I'm going to go to the restroom right quick." I said, "Okay." And I walked up to her bedside. I said, "Mom," I said, "God showed me he's in the fire with us. He's in the fire. I don't know what's about to happen, but he's in the fire." And this is the God's honest truth. She turned to me and she said, "Down from his glory." Ever living story. Hadn't spoke a word in 17 hours. But sang the whole verse to me. And she lifted up her hand. She said, "Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him. I thought it was over with. Come on, man. I thought, man, she going to raise up. It's going to be done. Brother Tom, it's finished." Amen. But listen, he wasn't concerned about her. He already took care of her. I was sitting on the second pew right there as I would be at her memorial. And I'm asking God, "Why? I thought you was going to heal her. I thought it was over. I thought you was in the fire. He spoke to my heart. He said, I'm taking care of her, but I came down to show you I'm in the fire with you. I'm here to tell you, saints of God, he's still in the fire. You may be going through hell. You may be going through every tormented spirit, but God is with you. Cuz he promised he would be. He said, "I'll never leave you or forsake you." It's a paradox. It's incredible, but it's true. Amen. We go through all kinds of them, but that's what has been released in this age is the power of the Holy Ghost. The power of the word, the power of Christ. It's the phenomenal. It's the miraculous. It's the baptism Holy Spirit that was released on the day of Pentecost has been brought back in his full power again. Just as he poured out the miraculous in the first Exodus and the second Exodus, he also has poured it out in the third Exodus. He's the same. Amen. A light would appear to Moses. A light would appear on a river. A light would appear to a prophet in our generation. It's the same God. An angel in the first, an angel in the second, and an angel in the third. Exodus. Amen. It's a miraculous. The Holy Spirit has been poured out. What is he doing? He's gathering a people unto himself. Amen. It has appeared. The presence of God has come down. The power of Christ is among us. Come on. A message has come forth and it's the same message. Let my people go. Hallelujah. He brought him out in the first Exodus. He brought him out in the second exodus and the third Exodus. He's bringing a bride out of a church. [Applause] Woo. Hallelujah. Amen. Just as Pharaoh couldn't hold them when the time come for their deliverance, he could gather every every person he had. He could gather every charity he had. He could put every horse in line. He could do everything he could do. But he didn't have enough when it came time for God's children to walk out in victory. Hallelujah. In that second Exodus, he could put every spirit there. He could put every Roman soldier in front of a tomb. But he did not have enough. And it came time for that body to rise. It rose again. [Applause] I ain't finished there in this third exodus. He can line every devil up. He can put all the anxiety he wants to, all the fear he wants to, all the unbelief he wants to. He does not have enough. This bride is going in a rapture. That's thus sayaeth the Lord. It's a supernatural working in a supernatural people. The rapture is for the enraptured. That's right. Listen, it ain't going to be just one day. You know how the Baptists believe? The Baptist believe, well, they've told it to us before. You know, uh, I smoking a cigarette. I believe when the rapture comes, I'm just going to throw this cigarette down. No, you're just going to keep on sucking that cigarette and not realize it happened. That's what's going to happen. So, it ain't going to be that all of a sudden, you know, I'm going to be just caught up. No, we're being caught up already. Hello. Seated together in heavenly places. Amen. You say, "Well, brother, we have the word." Wonderful. But you can't separate the word from the miraculous, from the spirit of God. They work together, spirit and truth. In this generation under the third pool, it produces miracles. Have you ever noticed when they say days of miracles are passed, they're not only they're not always saying God can't do miracles, but the day has passed. Amen. That's the devil at work. He can't talk us out of what God can do. He'll just tell us wait for another service. Wait for another day. Wait for another moment. This is the time for the phenomenal. This is the time for the miraculous. This is the time for miracles to take place. The third pole, nothing but miraculous. There was dead fish raised to life. There was squirrels created. There were storms spoke out of existence. There were tumors that were spoke out of existence. Had his boys were given eternal life. He would say it like this. He said, "The days of miracles is not passed as say the theo theologians." You say, "Well, brother Timothy, what are you preaching this for? We believe in miracles. about message believer. No, all the message does not believe in miracles. Message preachers are actually preaching that we're past the days of miracles. Not me. Cuz he said if you're past the day of miracles, you're past the day of God. He said if the days of miracles is passed, the day of God is passed. God is a miracle. He said when they when when was the days of miracles passed? When the days of miracles is passed, the day of God is passed. for God's miracles. Certainly, the days of miracles never will be passed. Never was and never will be. Where was that quote when they was studying? Amen. What they're trying to tell you is they don't have the power in their church. They don't have the power to walk right, to live right. Amen. So, they try to educate you in and bring it to a head knowledge. Listen, we're not interested in some intellectual understanding. That's not what this message was by about. This message was not brought by intellectual understanding. It was brought by supernatural anointing that was released in this hour. And I'm going to say this. Amen. When brother Brandham left, that anointing did not go. That angel is still among us. That's right. He said, "If a man called come," now here's a quote. "If a man came to him sick and wanted healing and he was past the aids of doctors and so forth and God called was called on the scene and he healed that man on the basis of his faith, when the next man call, God will act the same way. If he didn't, he acted wrong when he acted the first time." Wow. So, it cannot be a healer once and not a healer again. He cannot be a god of miracles one day and not a god of miracles in the next day. Hallelujah. That means on a Friday night, he's still a God of miracles. On a Friday night, he still heal cancer. On a Friday night, he'll still wipe away your past. Oh, God called an exodus, a separation from where they were at the present time. He said, "God is making ready to fulfill his divine promise. Where did he give to Abraham?" This is in the first Exodus. Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. Years, hundreds of years have passed, but God never forgets his promise. Write that down and take it to the bank. You might have been waiting 20 years or 30 years or whatever. Amen. They waited 400 years. But God never forgets his promise. Therefore, you can rest assure what God has promised in this Bible, he's going to do. No need to try to think anything else. Well, the prophet was maybe wrong or maybe it couldn't happen in this day. Looked almost possible then, more impossible than it does now. Hello. He said that first Exodus looked more impossible than this does right now. But God did it anyhow. Man, I could preach for about an hour on God did it anyhow. I was lost and undone, but God did it anyhow. Amen. The doctors gave up on me and said there was no hope, but God did it anyhow. Amen. They said there wasn't no hope for my children, but God did it anyhow. The devil said they were lost. There wasn't a hope. There wasn't a chance. But God, rich in mercy, came down, and he did it anyhow. That's how he does it. I come down. I heard the cry. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you thought he didn't hear you crying when you prayed this week? The same as the children of Israel. They prayed for 400 years. Died generations died. Went right on. Seems like who who would have thought anybody in this building thought we'd be here right now. No. The only reason I can think that we can still be here, there still has to be a seed somewhere. That's right. Now, personally, I'm say I'm thankful he didn't come when a lot of people thought he was going to come, you know, a lot of people, you know, turned that what brother Brandham said was a prediction into a prophecy 1977, you know, and made that into thus sayith the Lord. Man, if he'd come in in 1977, how many wouldn't be here? But God rich in mercy. Listen, he ain't done when man says he's done. Through all through the time, man has tried to put time on God. And God's going to come then and God's going to do that. You know, Y2K, God's going to come. This is happening. God's going to come. God's going to come when God ready to come. Ain't no man can decree it. Ain't no man can say it. I use one of my dads right now. I know when he's going to come. Yeah. Well, for what? Yeah, I know when he's going to come. You just said nobody knows. I know, but I know the hour. You think not. There it is. [Applause] Oh, yeah. Boy, we need some kind of tragedy to happen so we just get right with God. Don't you don't got to wait for a tragedy. Come on. All right. Well, I I believe I believe it's going to have to have some kind of, you know, some kind of thing that's going to happen and it's going to get people more sincere and all I I don't know. I listen, if this message hadn't made you more sincere, I don't know what will. Listen, look at all the pressures and and the things they went through the dark ages. It didn't cause a rapture. It didn't cause people to come together. Amen. What was it? It was under anointing. Amen. And what is bringing us into a rapture thinking and a rapture attitude and a rapture Amen. is the anointing that is coming down that is here among us. He said about the children of Israel, he said what drove them into their brother I think brother Andrew mentioned it last night. What drove them into their homeland was some political force was demonic force. Amen. They come against them in the physical realm. Come on. The physical realm. He said, "But it's going to come against the bride in the spiritual realm." Amen. I don't know about you, but I feel a pressure already. Amen. That spiritual realm that's pressing down and trying to steal our joy and trying to take the atmosphere out of the house of God and trying to take the joy out of hearts. Amen. Is trying to take you. Amen. But if you'll just keep holding on. Oh my God. Amen. I was there in Oswitch. I walked down those streets. I seen the piles of of shoes and the piles of suitcases and stuff. I seen it. It said it said on the sign in German. It said work. Well, I couldn't read in German. They told me what it said in English. Said work shall make you free. Sounded like the devil. Work shall make you free. Gave them this promise. If you work, you'll get out of here. And they worked. They worked and worked until they were skin and bones. There wasn't nothing left of them. Amen. And today, I mean, we got a whole whole atmosphere that's come around people that want to deny that even happened. Say it as just a bunch of fables. I I had a great uncle that landed by paratroopers into one of those things. He said, I he said he to he took me to to his side one day and he said, "Look," he said, "I don't know." He said, "I'm going to tell you, I was there. I put my hands in a barrel that was full of what I found out later of ashes and bones that were burnt in those crematorium." He said, "Don't you ever let anybody tell you it never happened." But I was there and I walked into this one building, Brother David. And there was this one building. You may have been there. I don't know. And there's this one building, this Jewish man, they made a made a kind of a a monument to him. He was on his way to the death chambers. He was on his way to the death chambers. And all of a sudden, when those psalms begin to well up on the inside, he began to sing with such power and such anointing and such such a it just enraptured him. and he's just singing to the top of his lung and he's headed to the death chamber. Amen. And it so moved those German soldiers. Finally, one grabbed a hold of him and he took him outside the gates and he let him go. It's time some of y'all made your demon that wants to hold you and haunt you and try to keep you bound. You make him uncomfortable enough. Get out of here. Get out of here. That's what this bride's going to do. They're going to move in such places. Amen. The devil's going to get so sick of her and say, "You're messing up my Egypt. You're messing up my Eden. Get out of here." And I'm going to go. It's incredible, but it's true. [Applause] It happened in our day. I remember hearing a little story about a little boy. It's all over the news about a little I believe it was a little black boy got got taken. They they kidnapped him, throw him in the back seat. He started singing. What singing our God is awesome what he sings. So every praise, that's what it was. Every praise is to our Shut up to our God. Every word of worship is to our God. Every praise, every pray. Will you shut your mouth, kid? God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Maybe that's what the devil's trying to tell you right now. Amen. Probably trying to tell Sister Donna, just shut up. Quit testifying. Quit telling about what God has done. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. [Applause] Shut up. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise. Shut up. God my savior. God my healer. Get [Applause] out. Them people open the door and let that little boy out cuz he couldn't stop singing the praises of Almighty God. It's incredible, but it's true. Oh, come on now. We got scripture for that. And at midnight, Paul and Silas [Applause] sangoo. I'm on a whole different spot right now, but let me tell you what they sang was Psalms. Amen. They sang Psalms unto God. It was Psalms 113 through 118 and Psalms 136. And if you go look at it, well, we got time for a moment. Just bring up 136 if you got a moment. Unless I beat you. I listen. They was in some chains. They were bound. They were beaten and bruised. They had blood running down their face. [Laughter] I got the wrong one. Hang on a minute. I'm getting there. Well, maybe I got the right one. Psalms 113. Yeah. Psalms 136 is the last one. You know, there's seven of them. That's amazing to me. One for every church age. But old Paul looked over at Silas about midnight. He said, "You know what I feel like doing? Well, I feel like praising praising him. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait. You're in chains. You're in bondage. What does that matter? Come on, man. The Listen, I want you to understand the devil's trying to tell you you got change, but those are broken chains. He done ran out of good chains. Amen. God Christ broke his back at Calvary. They're broken chains. All it needs somebody to get a little bit into another atmosphere and quit looking at what's around them. Don't look at your sickness. Don't look at your trouble. Quit looking at the fear. Quit looking at the anxiety. Oh, Paul said, "I feel like praise ye the Lord. Praise all you servants of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord from this time forth and forever more." From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. His name is to be praised. Hallelujah. It didn't tell you what's all going to happen in between the rising and the going down. There's a lot can happen between the rising and the going down and the going down and the rising. The rising and going a lot can happen. Well, a lot could happen between leaving Egypt and going to a promised land. But he never told him about the Red Sea. He didn't tell them about no water, no no food. He didn't tell them about a desert. He didn't tell him about none of that. He said, "I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you in." He's the God of the miraculous. When they got to Bitter Waters, he had an answer. When they got to the Red Sea, he had the answer. Bitter waters had the answer. No food had the answer. No water had the answer. Jordan River had the answer. They got in the promised land. Jericho had the answer. Well, if he had the answer, then he's got the answer. Now, [Applause] I don't have time to go into it, but they actually begin to prophesy by singing. And they begin to they begin to sing. You can read it in there. It says they begin to say things like, "Thou has loosed my bonds." They begin to say things like, "Tremble thou earth." They begin to prophesy through songs deliverance. That's why it's important to have the spirit of God moving in the songs. That's right. That's why it's important to have an atmosphere for worship. Amen. Because why? That's important before the word comes forth. It's all through the scriptures. He would send Judah out because they were praised and they would give glory and honor and many times they would get so tore up in the power of God till God would just come down and kill everybody that they were standing against them. He's still the God of the miraculous. I tell you what, if you'll start praising him instead of your problems, if you'll start praising him instead of your sickness, if you'll start praising him instead of everything around you, and you'll praise your God, amen, God will come down, he'll take care of all of that. Next thing you'll know, the Egyptians that tormented you will be lying dead in the Red Sea. And the next thing you know, you'll have a tambourine. Hallelujah. They start saying things though the days of miracles are pass. Listen, brother Brandham in the third exodus. He said they start saying things about those intellectual minds set a church in order better than the Holy Spirit could. You know something, you know that's we don't need that today. Days of that has passed. He said we don't we don't need the Holy Spirit to heal the sick. We got doctors. Well, I don't know about you, but well, I'm going to stay out of that. We don't need the Holy Spirit to speak with tongue. We're all intelligent people. And when you do, you take right from your framework work the lifeline. That's right. Right. We don't need speakers with tongue. We don't need interpreters of tongues. We don't know. We no longer need an Old Testament prophet to set us in order by the Holy Spirit. We understand it. They have adopted a man-made system to take the place of the Holy Spirit. Therefore, but there is a people that's elected that has their names on the lamb's book of life. They can't go for that. They are spiritually minded. Therefore, they're not going to go for that. They can't stand it. No matter if their fathers and mothers lived in that organational organizational church, what when whatever whatever the church made, whatever they want to say, it ain't right. He said, "See, they won't go for that because they know the Holy Spirit is now among them. He has gathered them together and he still heals the sick. He still raises the dead. He still speaks with tongues. And he still casts out devils. Hallelujah. Amen. See, but people reject the light. They reject the Holy Spirit moving among them, the moving of the spirit, the miracle worker, the very one that can heal them, the very one that can deliver them. They reject it because they think they just turn it off to some emotion or or some workup or something like that. All right. Brother talked about that. He says, you know, he's that one of those old burnover spots. Yeah. Right. And he he said there was they was they was all burnt over and he said the wind would blow through there and they' just make a moaning sound. I can't stand that song. I just can't stand it when brother Tom gets anointed like that. He he gets all you just get all emotional. I tell you what. Hey, brother David when he preaches he sweats and he carries. I just can't do that. and they're moaning and groaning and he thought I thought my God he said puts me in the mind of of old churches that once knew what it was like to move when the spirit of God moved once knew what it's like and he thought God is there any hope and it brings him right back to Joel chapter 2 I will restore saith the Lord and he said I got my eyes off of those old burnout Amen in timbers and I got to looking down beneath and there was some some little little ones that was down there bending and frolicking having a good time. He said it puts me in mind of a good oldfashioned God sent Holy Ghost revival when signs and wonders come back into the church. All those old things moans I don't believe in them things. That's fanaticism. Days of miracles will pass and the wind whistling right down. The same one that made them moan is making the others frolic. [Applause] [Music] He said, "Let the church squeak and moan as she wants to. Let them say days of miracles are passed if they want to." They're dead anyhow. Oh, they say, "Well, we're a church. So is them trees." Trees, but now the bark is eat off of them and they're blistered and and they won't pack life up no more. That's the reason. If them trees had bark, they could pack the life back up. But all the bark, all of the rituals they have and all the things has made it taken it all off and it's just a squeak and a squawk when the winds blow. But God sent the wind just the same. So this little bitty church coming up, just a little handful, they were having a big time with it while the rest of them were moaning. We need God's power in the church. Come on. We need God's power in the church. We need the Holy Ghost in the church. I'm sick and tired of man-made creeds and man-made ways and man-made direction, man-made decreed how things are going to operate. I want the Holy Ghost to be set free. Let the Holy Ghost loose. Let him loose. How many can say that this weekend? Lord, I'm going to just let you loose. Let you come in every door you want to come in, move in my heart, move in my life. That's right. Cuz he said God's going to raise a people who believe in signs and wonders. He's going to re raise a people who's got joy unspeakable and full of glory. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Well, I just don't like the way Brother Tommy waves his hanky. Well, I'm sorry you don't like it, but what you need to do get a Hanky and join him. Get that arm loosened up a little bit. That arm has been hanging down. That arm that's been down and fear and anxieties and all kind of, you need to start lifting that arm up a little [Applause] bit. Amen. Amen. Somebody has got joy unspeakable and full of glory. I don't know. He gets right right to it. It frolics. It dances. It glorifies God. Those green leaves are clap their hands. They'll have a wonderful time. While a what a frolic that little undergrowth was happening, having happened. But that big old tree standing there moaning and groaning. Same wind. If we're not care, listen. If we're not careful, we'll actually blaspheme the Holy Ghost. That's right. Come on. Oh yeah. I've seen it happen. Amen. That's just emotion. And that was actually God doing something. Hallelujah. Amen. We had we had brother Ram talks about that boy that was in a wheelchair that was prayed over and brother Ram told him he was healed and he told him to go testify. He went testifying about it and his church members said, "You're making a shame on the gospel of Jesus Christ. You're still in that wheelchair saying God's healed you." Come on, man. You know what his response was? He said, "If you was in where I was sitting, you wouldn't take the hope that I have from me." And he said, "But in the name of Jesus Christ, I'm healed." All of a sudden, something happened. It was his turn. Amen. Tonight might be your turn. It might be your moment. Don't let the hounds of hell tell you to quit shouting and quit praising God and quit lifting up holy hands. No. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to glorify. There ain't no bird going to take my place. There ain't no stone going to cry out. No. No. They they don't have to. He ain't going to have to tell the stones to cry out. There's somebody here on this earth. Brother Tom, I know where I was sitting. I know what kind of sinner I was. I know what kind of lost son I was. Bound and crimpled up. Amen. On the inside. But a prophet spoke over my life. And one day it came my turn for a miracle. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother R give y'all some hope. Amen. For some of you lost loved ones, he said a son of God can go a long time before he realizes who he really is. Don't give up. When you realize the time is right now, not next service now. Not next week. Now, not not in the right now. Brother Tom, Brother Tom Ray gave this testimony one time at our church. I don't know if maybe Brother Josh might remember it better than I do. Hey, he he he was there. No doubt, but he talked about how he was preaching on speak the word. Speak for your children. Speak to the mountain. Speak. Said all of a sudden the sister up in the balcony said my family is saved in the [Applause] It's my moment. It's my time. It's the time that God has ordained for me. What if Noah would not have realized this is your time? He wouldn't have built the ark. Somebody else would do it. I I'm going to be honest with you. I'm glad God didn't call me to be Noah. Could you imagine building on that ark for 120 years? And you get up every service. You think some You think sometime maybe brother Tom preaches the same thing. Brother Noah preached for 120 years, it's going to rain. Well, I wish they'd get something else to preach. Well, you wouldn't like to be in in the days of Noah. It's going to rain. It's going to rain. I wonder sometimes we ought to get up and just say, "It's about to be a rapture." Have you made your calling and election sure? Have you made things right with God? Amen. It's about to be a body change take place. This is what Noah was getting up. It's going to rain. Amen. Oh, there was a lot of them sat on the fence and watched the building go up. There's a lot of them thought, "Well, maybe he's got something. I don't know what he's got, but maybe he's got something. Maybe he did hear something. Maybe maybe God still speaks to people. Maybe God still done this. Maybe maybe Well, one day the seven went in, the door shut. All right. I I just happen to be up in up there in in in Pennsylvania and watch the sight and sound there just this past week on Noah. Thought that's kind of interesting, you know, and playing it right now. And and I understand Noah types the tribulation saints. There's also another type there, the ark. They've done a good job with They type that ark as Jesus Christ and the and the way of escape. But one day that door is going to close. One day the rapture is going to be taking place. It listen, it's incredible, but it's true. It's going to be that there will be one day it won't be no more speaking about a rapture. It'll be happened. Now, there' be still a lot of people on the earth be saying, "Well, Jesus is coming. Jesus is coming. Jesus is coming." And they missed him. But I don't want to be one of those that missed him. While the door is open, you better get in. Listen, we seeing prophecy being fulfilled. We We ain't waiting for a driverless car no more. No. I rode in one on the way here to this meeting. Oh boy. Yeah. I sat there and watched brother Andrew put it on cruise and that car took over and that that brother, he just been a sit back, do a little texting, drink some coffee, and that thing drove us down the interstate. Brother Thomas, he likes that old man truck. That's a nice truck. Don't get rid of the truck. We ain't waiting on it. No more. Just the other day there was a brother text and said he got picked up in a driver, not even a driver in the car, taxi, Uber. He called a Uber and here they come. His car drove up, picked him up. It's happening. I know there was a lot of arguing over whether whether that woman dressed in purple was a woman, brother. I don't know. But I know it's it's either happened or it's going to happen. Looks pretty good to me. Amen. We seen an administration that done whatever he wanted to. It It held America in its complete sway. It's left her in ruins. Trump, I know he's trying to put her out. Go Trump. Go Trump. He can't do nothing. You can put an Abraham Lincoln and a George Washington on every street corner. It'll never turn this nation back around. It's what the prophet of God said. So don't be looking for Trump to be your savior. You look for Jesus Christ. That's the only one that can save you. That's the only one that can turn you around. That's the only one that can provide for you when you ain't got nothing. That's the only one that can heal you when the doctor says there's no hope. We just seen a pope come into power out of the United States of America. Listen, things are taking place. Prophecies are being fulfilled. Don't be one of those that you watch the door shut and you're on the outside. Prepare for a miracle. That miracle is the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. The rapture. He said, "Give me a church ready that'll see signs and see an omnipotent God, a great power of God moving amongst the people." The rapture will be an easy thing when Jesus comes. They'll be caught up because they believe in such. You must believe and realize your time is now. Moses had his time. Abraham had his time. Amen. But there was only types and shadows speaking of your time. Your time is now. Your moment is now. That's right. [Music] What if that little woman who ended up grabbing a hold of the t touched the hem of his garment, what if she'd have waited just a few more seconds? What if she'd have waited just a few more moments and and said, "Well, maybe I'll catch him when he comes around the another corner. I I I'll catch him when he comes back through." He might have not ever came back through. He was on his way to Gyrus's house. But she made it her moment. She said, "It's my moment." Hallelujah. If you can recognize him coming through, you can make it your moment. He might be on to brother so and so's house or going to sister so and so to heal her, but if you'll realize, hey, Jesus is walking through and I got an opportunity that I can reach and touch the hem of his garment and I can have my own miracle. the Lord. There was a man called blind Barnameus coming. He was on the street and all of a sudden he heard a bunch of noise. The prophet of God said just a bunch of noise. But he said there's usually a bunch of noise where Jesus is. Well, I have you to know I ain't emotional, brother Timothy. Well, I want you be not emotional when you smash your finger with with or your thumb with a hammer. Are you at your one of your ball games? Brother Tommy, Brother Thomas said, "You say G, I say Jesus, you say Jesus." Some of y'all was like, "They can't do that in church." But you say, "You say Cardinals, I say cardinals." Sorry, brother David. I didn't mean to get on your You say Titans, I'll say Titans. I don't know who else is around here. You say whatever. Listen, I've seen people act stupid at a ball game. Listen, they ain't going there just to sit there and be a spectator. [Applause] If they're really pulling for a team, they ain't going there just, well, I hope they do good tonight. I I hope I hope I hope he maybe hits a home run. I hope maybe makes a touch. I hope maybe he makes a three-pointer. Maybe. Come on. Come on. No, I've seen them guys. They get all paint I'm talking about 50 year old guys get painted up like a maniac. Hair spiked up. All kinds of stuff going on. Come on. And I'm talking about guys in the message. But yet those same guys come to the house of God and dead as a doornail. I'm telling the truth. It's incredible. But it's true. Boy. And smoke has risen from the temple. Mercy Jesus. People get all caught up in that stuff. And we're talking about little G gods. Hey, you know, I I enjoy I I'm not going to lie to you. I enjoy the recreation and those thing, but don't let that be your god. Don't let let it be what all consumes you and that's all you think about. Think about don't let just don't let that happen. And here they are. They're all caught up in go run. Throw a touchdown. Shoot a th and the next time the next day their God's committing adultery and out there drinking and carrying on. Listen, if they can do that about their little G gods, what can we do? When it comes to the champion of champions, Amen. We're not talking about somebody that's got a winning record. We're talking about somebody that's never [Applause] lost. Hallelujah. He's never lost one of his, but he said, "All the Father has given me will come." Hallelujah. I'm not here to cheer on. Listen, the prophet of God said, "If they can get just as tore up and exuberant about that, how much more can a child of God get glorifying God, praising God, get caught up in the atmospheres of the Holy Ghost?" Come on, somebody. Oh my. We're talking about a God that he he didn't score a touchdown, but he said it's finished. It's finished. Satan is finished. His power is finished. His rule is over. It's finished. Hallelujah. You talking about a God that can save you. A God that'll take you and turn you around. A God that won't just pick you up one day and drop you the next, love you one moment, and hate you the next. No, this God will never leave you. He'll never forsake you. But he'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world. [Applause] That's a God worth praising. That's a God that's worth getting excited about. And where he comes there's a lot of [Applause] noise. Brian Barameus said, "Who is that?" All says, "Oh, Jesus of Nazareth, that illegitimate son of Mary." That's all that is. Jesus of Nazareth. I heard about him. I heard he healed a leper. I heard that he took some bread and he broke it. And he fed 5,000 with two little loaves. Five little loaves of bread and two little fish. You're talking about that Jesus. Yeah. That's who I'm talking about. Jesus. [Applause] He wasn't going to let his moment slip by. He said those around him tried to calm him down. Say, "Oh, wait a minute. You're getting a little fanatical over there, Barb. Listen, you ain't the one that's blind. You ain't the one that's sick. You ain't the one that needs him. You must not be the one that needs him to come by your way. But if you do, Jesus have mercy on me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The days of miracles are passed. God, don't do that no more. Jesus, the doctor said it's too long. It's too far gone. Jesus. [Applause] Amen. The devil says your son or your daughter never come back. Jesus. [Applause] Amen. No matter what they say, no matter what they try to do, no matter what critic arises, when he comes by, I'm going to respond to him cuz it's my moment. It's my time. It's the moment that I can meet him for myself. [Music] Listen, he had heard about David's miracles. He had heard about Samson's miracle. He had heard about all kinds of miracles, but he needed a miracle. Maybe you're in line for a miracle tonight. say, "Well, Brother Timothy, I've done a lot of wrong." We just ask for God to forgive you. Ain't no 12 day step program. Just repent. [Applause] Be baptized. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall be saved, and you shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. We done got the tub full. I seen it last night. There's water. What does hinder? Well, I tell you what's hindering is that spirit that says, "Wait a little longer." What it did to the prophet of God. He said, "When I was," he said, "I gave my heart to God a long time before I did." He said, "But there was a spirit that hung over me saying, "Wait just a little longer. If you're not careful, you'll wait until it's passed. All right. Cuz God only has to call one time. Amen. But here he is sitting there wondering how is this going to be? How how how I I got to I got to I got to meet him for myself. I And he begins to cry out. And the I love how brother Brandham said it. Said he's walking on his way to Calvary, had his face set, but he hears a cry. And he said that cry stopped heaven. Yeah. All of a sudden, heaven stops and it turns and looks at him. He says, "Go get that one." Amen. And they come to him and they said, "But I'm Barardmous, the master calleth for thee." I love what he did. He took those old beggar garments off and he just threw them down. Throw them over there cuz he knew once he got to Jesus, he wasn't going to need them no more. [Music] Hallelujah. I trust there can be some throwing down of some things this weekend. I trust you can throw down bitterness and unforgiveness and resentment and spirits that wants to hold you and wants to bind you. I trust you can just throw them down. Say, "I have to get to Jesus. Only he can touch my life. Only he can minister to me. Only he can do what he can do." Let me get down here as we bring this down. skipping through a whole lot of things, but I want you to hear these words pinned in a song. Mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed. God, we believe it. We see it. Wonders are still what you do. We're here for you. Come and do what you do. Will there be a cry like that? Come, Lord, and do what you do. come and set our hearts are on you cuz we need a move. The bodies are still being raised. Giants are still being slayed. We believe it. Yes, we can see that wonders are still what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do cuz miracles happen when you move. Healing is coming into this room. Miracles happen when you move. Heaven is coming into this room. He miracles happen in this room when you move. Healing and deliverance is coming into this room. This is a move. We are here for you, God. Come and do what you do. Ron, but I tell it again because it's a personal testimony. May have told it here last time. I don't know. But it's a it's a testimony that God gave me. My little boy born 2003, Andrew, with some bad lungs. I watched in a moment of a happy celebration turned to complete panic of doctors and nurses as this little boy begin to turn blue and they begin to turn colors. They begin to rush him down the hallway. And I watched as they disappeared down the hallway. Right then, that spirit came down and begin to say, "What did you do this time? You must have did something wrong to go what for this to happen. He just he's going to punish you cuz you did something." And I was like, "God, I don't know if I did. I know there's grace for forgiveness." And I I'm searching through my life and wondering what what you know. And I watch as they take him out of the hospital and they put him in a helicopter and they fly him to another hospital because they don't have the capabilities there. And I'm watching this all happen and it just it's just like just almost slow motion but very fast if I can explain it. It's like looking at it you're like God it's all out of cater and chaos around you. Your wife is just had a C-section and she's now in one hospital and the baby's in another about an hour away. And it was like God what's happened? What what's happened? I would get up in the next day or so and I'd go to Walmart and I'd turn on the radio and I I would I would begin to listen to this preacher read the scripture. It just started right there. There's a little Christian station and they had a preacher that was going to preach on it that morning, I guess. Turned it on and he was reading the Bible and he said, "Abraham believed in God. That's all it say." And I shut it off. I said, "That's exactly right." Amen. Amen. And I'm a son of Abraham. And if Abraham believed in you, I'm going to believe in you. And I began to think about it about how in the Old Testament that Abraham did wrong. And he made a lot of mistakes. He did things when God told him not to. He did exactly what God told him not to do. He lied. He done all kinds of stuff. And it shows that under the blood of bulls and goats. But there came a transfer. There came a new covenant. And he was no longer in the New Testament under the blood of bulls and goats. He was now under the blood of a righteous lamb of God. And I began to look in the scripture and I could not find one fault of Abraham written in the New Testament. Matter of fact, Paul says he staggered not at the promises of God, but was strong in the faith. I said, "Praise God. I'm under the same blood. I'm under the same blood." And I would go and I would watch. I tell Sister Ruth, I said, "Sister Ruth, we're not going to look at monitors. We're not going to look at none of that. We're going to look at the promise of God. We're sons and daughters of Abraham. We're going to believe him for this miracle. Something just welled up on the inside of us. And we would walk into that hospital room he would be there in a paralyzed state. Little baby about that long just looked like he was dead as a doornail. And this machine breathing for him and went from a ventilator to an oscillator and it got worse and worse and worse. We didn't look at the monitors. We didn't look at what the doctor said. We looked at what this right here said. It was our turn for a miracle. That's right. And we would hold on and about two weeks, God would come on the scene and would give him back his lungs and we would take him home jubilant and happy and about a week later he would get sick with some kind of virus and go right back in the hospital in there for another two weeks. get out. And the doctors would say to my wife and she would take him to his checkup. Said, "You're just gonna have to get used to it. This baby's got bad lungs. He's gonna be on a breathing treatment for we don't know how long, but at least through his up into his teenage years, maybe have to have a breathing treatment every day. He's got bad lungs." She would just kind of in the world take the machine and take the medicine, take it home. And she would give him his first breathing treatment. And as she was giving him, she began to re remember what God done for him in the hospital. Said, "He's the same God today." She said, "This boy don't have to be on no breathing treatment." I don't believe God's done what he's done for him already for him to have to live on a breathing treatment the rest of his life. I believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. She folded that hose up. She put that medicine back in a box. The next day he's struggling. She's saying, "Thank God for healing him. Thank God for healing." Next day, good lungs. Next day, good lungs. Next day, good lungs. I always said as he was getting older, I said, "God done such a miracle. He's the loudest kid I got." You'd always tell him, "Andrew, use your inside voice." But you know what? We got to realize what God did for him. Go ahead, Andrew. Scream if you want to. Shout if you want to. We don't care, Andrew. God done a miracle in your [Applause] life. I trust that God can come down in this building this week, this weekend, and even tonight, and give you a new heart or give you a new lung or give you something that'll praise him. Come on. Is there somebody ready to walk the prison? I've been in the prison long enough. I've been bound long enough. I've had Satan telling me what's going to be and how it's going to be. But tonight is my turn. Tonight is my moment. Tonight is my hour. Tonight is my miracle. It's a days of miracles and it's my turn. I'm going to touch the hem of his garment. [Applause] If you feel that way tonight, how many How many says, "Lord, I need a miracle." And I'm going to make a challenge to you. Won't you walk out of your seat and come down here and get it? If you believe he's in the building, walk down here and get it. He's here for you tonight. He's here for you tonight. Hallelujah. Come on, Sister Rebecca. Come help me. Sister Rebecca, can you help me? Help me right quick. Amen. Let's just praise him for a moment. Oh, let's just worship him. Amen. You need chains to fall off. You need things to happen. Amen. God, I'm here for a miracle and it's my turn. I'm going to touch the hem of your garment. I'm going to break through these things that's been trying to hold me. This spirit of darkness has been trying to overshadow my life. I'm going to break out of it. Get into the light of God's word and be raised up into a heavenly atmosphere that all things are possible. Amen. I believe we're in that kind of atmosphere tonight. I believe we're in the atmosphere that anything can happen. I believe we're in an atmosphere that a mama can ask for her daughter and ask for her son and it'll happen. I believe we're in an atmosphere, amen, of faith right now that you can ask and God can put your marriage back together. I believe we're in an atmosphere, amen, that you can ask and you can receive the Holy Ghost. I believe we're in an atmosphere that you can repent and God can come down and change your heart forever. I believe we're in the atmosphere of healing. I believe we're in an atmosphere of all things are possible. Hallelujah. Is there any blind Barameus here? Jesus. I have needs. I need you Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah. I need you Jesus. I need you for my marriage. I need you for my family. I need you Lord in my situation at work. I I need you, Lord, in my body. I I need you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We need him. Amen. The pr household needs him. My wife needs him. She needs a miracle. Amen. I believe he's a miracle working God. And the same one that did it for Andrew is the same one that'll do it for her. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen, you'll go from saying it's going to be well to it is well. Hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, is there anybody here that just want to praise him for a moment? Why don't you just lift your hands and thank him for all that he's done in your life? Hallelujah. He saved you. He set you free. He healed your body. He's the one that's called you. He's the one that's put a purpose in your life. He's the one that placed the segene of God on the inside. And there ain't nothing the devil can do about it. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing it as you. Oh yeah. There is power in the name. There's power in the name of Jesus. Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break. Break every chain, Lord. And there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. So break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Yeah. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, there's a bride that's rising up. There's a bride. She's rising. She's rising up. There's a She's rising up. [Music] There's a rise rising up. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Every chain. Hallelujah. Won't you just put your hands on one another right now? Brother. brother, sister to sister, or maybe there's been somebody been on your heart. You just want to go to them. Whatever. Pray for one another. Hallelujah. We see God moving. We see God touching. Lord, we need a move. Oh, God. We need you to touch us like never before. Hallelujah. Oh God, we come here together. Lord, you've gathered us from every part of the country and brought us down to this place. Lord, ordained for each one to be here tonight. Lord, you know their hearts cry. You know their situations. You know their troubles. You know the things they go through. Oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ, God, may you go to every heart. I rebuke the devour Lord that comes against them. The spirits of hell that wants to come down and torment. You spirit of suicide. You spirit of darkness. You spirit of fear. I defy you in the name of Jesus Christ. Be driven back by the power of almighty God. Lord, may there be a release of the Holy Ghost, Lord, in this hall, in this house, Lord, in this church, God, every home represented here, Father, every church represented here, God, you know, Lord, what we have need of. Come Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. I love you, Father, with all of our hearts. We praise you. Hallelujah. Oh, just stay in that atmosphere for a moment. Just worship him right now. He's so close. He's so close. I tell you when he came down and he said he talked about that song and that tape he was in one of the sub meanest man in Santa Maria and he said what God wants is for you to worship him when he comes down he wants somebody that'll wash his feet. He wants somebody that'll get enough about them. They'll let their hair down. They'll see, hey, I need to find Jesus and they'll just pour it all out. Pour it all out tonight, church. He's here to meet your need. He's here to touch you. He's a champion of love. Hallelujah. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I'd like to introduce to [Music] you in this corner of the good and the right stands my champion robed in white. His height exceeds the heavens. His weight outweighs the world. His reach reaches everywhere. His way is ever more. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one will ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Music] He left his hometown to enter this arena to raise his hands in victory for you and me. But an angry crowd cried, "Crucify he who wore that crown." And they watch my champion go down. Oh, but I will never count him out cuz I'm a witness of that day he rose to claim that title champion of love. He's higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one will ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion. The alltime undisputed undefeated champion. The alltime undisputed undefeated champion. of love. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Praise be to the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many believes he's here? Sing that little chorus. Give me his chorus on. He is here. He is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. Oh, listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. is here. You can touch him and you will never be the same. One more time is here. Hallelujah. He is amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Let's sing closely. Here calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for speaking to our hearts tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, we know, Father, that if you, one of your children reaches out to you, and if it's their moment, God, then it's their healing, Lord, it's their delivering. It's We thank you for this presence, God, that you've come down, Lord, and anointed both the minister and the congregation, Lord. You've given us your word, Lord Jesus, and you've healed us, Father. And Lord, we truly believe that you are here. Not only are you here for tonight or for this weekend, for every service, but Lord, you're here in each one of your children's hearts from now to eternity. You said you'd never leave us nor forsake us, Lord. So we thank you, God, for this wonderful time, for this wonderful moment that we've had, Lord, together, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you. We praise you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. And amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Amen. Now, if we were in eternity, we'd never have to leave. We could just stay in this all the time. Wouldn't that be wonderful? How many believe we're going to be one of these days? And Amen. never have to get out of the worship atmosphere of the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless each and every one of you. Amen. Thank brother Timothy for giving it all you had. Amen. Yielding to the spirit and just letting go and letting God have his way. Amen. We do have food for everybody afterwards. So, God bless you and everybody's invited to stay. Amen. As we have partaken of spiritual food now. Amen. We invite you to partake of natural food. Amen. How many loves one another. But this shall all men know that you're my disciples if you have love one for another. Amen. And may our fellowship be as thick as molasses. Amen. Sweet. God bless you. Amen. We do appreciate uh brother David. God bless you. Come up here and ask the closing service if you would. Amen. And also ask the blessing on the food. Thanks for coming up and seeing us. God bless you. It's always good. Let's give brother David a. God bless you. Let's just bow our hearts, Lord. What if it's just so wonderful to be in your presence tonight, Lord, and how that you spoke to the lives of your people, Lord. We pray now, Lord, as we leave this place, Lord. May the atmosphere that we felt in this place, may we take it with us, Lord, as we go to our homes, Lord, until the time would be appointed again. We pray, Lord, that you would move again in a wonderful way. Strengthen our brother tonight, Lord, what he's given for your people. We pray, Lord, that you would replenish him. And Father, we pray for the food that's been prepared tonight. I pray, Father, that you would just sanctify, cleanse it. I pray, Lord, that it be used for strength to be able to give you glory. We thank you for everything that you've done. And we give you praise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's just take that presence with you. You're dismissed as we sing He is here. One more time. Amen. Amen. And you're dismissed in the name of the Lord. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is
