################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-07 - Bro Brad Powell • 7/6/25 • Eve. • Down Through the Ages Pt 3 - Brad Powell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-07
Title:   Bro Brad Powell • 7/6/25 • Eve. • Down Through the Ages Pt 3
Speaker: Brad Powell
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBRNtVvKZP4
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, We've got the power in the name of the Lord. No Satan ra. We cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come before you tonight. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for the voice that we heard. Lord, as the song goes, I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and he walks with me and he talks with me. Amen. And Lord Jesus, we may not be in a garden tonight, but we come into your house, Lord Jesus. And father, we want to hear your voice talking to us, Lord Jesus. Talk with us. Walk with us while the de so to speak is still on the roses. Amen. and how sweet it is when you speak to our hearts. Father, we thank you for this morning, but our hearts are mellow before you, Lord. Quiet before you, Father. And we're asking, Lord Jesus, that you'd help us to hear when you speak to us. Father, speak through Brother Brad tonight, Lord Jesus, the words that you want to say and speak to us. Father, we heard you talk real sweet to us this morning, Lord Jesus. We ask once again, God, that you'd speak through your servant, Lord, tonight. We love you. And father, as we're about to enter worship, we ask God that you would hear our songs. And Lord Jesus, may it be sweet, sweet in your ears, Father. So we worship you now in spirit and in truth. In Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you, brother David. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh yes, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, and give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our enemies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we find on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. For Satan has to flee. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, we will not be defeated. We've got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. And so many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. Oh, but the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. Oh yes. And like a mighty army, we marching onward, [Music] winning every battle. Cuz the Lord's on our side. Oh, we've got the power. Oh, in the name of Jesus, we've got the power. [Music] Oh, in the name of the Lord. [Music] And though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. [Music] Power in the name of the Lord. Amen. You believe we got the power tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. He has made me glad tonight, Sister Becky, if we could. Excuse me. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, and he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Well, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, and he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Once again this morning. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Oh, and he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Well, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't know what you came to do tonight, but I come to praise the Lord. How many wants to praise the Lord with all your heart tonight? And well, praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. We'll praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, and love him. Well, love him. Love him in the morning, the new time. Love him. Oh, love him. Love him. When the sun goes down, why won't you serve him? Oh, serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the noon time. Serve serve him. Well, serve him. Oh, serve him when the sun goes down. Praise him once again. Why don't you praise praise him? Oh, just praise him. Well, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Well, praise him. Oh, praise him till the sun goes. I just want to praise him, don't you? Oh, just praise him. Oh, praise him. Well, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Amen. Amen. Don't you just love him tonight? Amen. Amen. Brother Carson, could you pull the words up to that song? God is good. Amen. How many believes he's good tonight? And Amen. If you get tired of standing, you can sit. But if you're like me, you need to stand and you got ways to move around. And if you get happy, Brother Austin will catch you, won't you, Brother Austin? Amen. Cuz God is good. I tell you, he's been good to me. Has he been good to you tonight? Amen. I tell you, you know, I I always heard him, my dad used to say, and they in Pentecost, they'd have a victory march. Well, if there's anybody that's got the victory tonight, it's the bride of Jesus Christ. We ought to be willing to march and praise and shout whatever. Amen. Well, God is good. Oh yes. Oh, all the time. He puts a song of praise. Oh, in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. tastes so good all the time. Well, if you're walking oh through the valley and there are shadows all around. Well, do not fear for he will guide you. Oh, he will keep you safe and sound. Oh, he has promised. He'd never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. [Music] His light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. And we were sinners so unworthy. Yet for us he chose to die. He filthy with that Holy Spirit. Yes. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting [Music] and his mercies, oh, they will never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of grace in this heart of mine. God is good [Music] all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Oh yes. Oh, he's good all the time. And though I may not understand all the plans you have for me, but my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see. Oh, God is good. Oh yes, all the time. He puts love praise in this heart of mine. God is good [Music] all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. Oh, God is good. Oh yes. Oh, he's so good. good all the time. Sing that second verse. Well, we were sinners. Oh, so unworthy. [Music] Yet for us he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. that his love is everlasting [Music] and his mercy. Oh, they will never end. Oh, God is good. All the time he puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh yes, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Amen. Yes, he is. Amen. Amen. And you want to see that dark light of that light that's shining in this dark night. Just turn around this room and see the light that's shining. Amen. We're going to sing the chorus again, but we're not going to sing. We're all going to use our 10 string instrument. Who brought them tonight? Raise your hand. Let's go, Sister Becky. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Oh, God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Oh yes. He's so good all the time. [Music] Amen. Yes. Amen. You may be seated tonight. God bless you. and we just welcome each and everyone out tonight. And and uh it's just good to be in the house of the Lord. And you know, I was back there studying and not studying but praying and getting songs and I looked on my phone and the notification about the church and Sister Paris was watching this morning. God bless you, Sister Paris. She's always faithful to come to the house of the Lord. Say, "Well, she's at home." Yeah, but that she's doing all she can do and we're just trusting the Lord he'll heal her tonight where she can come back and be in the in the house of the Lord. And you know, I I've been sick and I've had to stream and I enjoyed it. But there's nothing like being here with our brothers and sisters and being Amen. And I always I always say it's being at the spout where the joy is coming out. Amen. And that's just the way I feel tonight. And Amen. Brother Michael, John, and Brother Gerson, would you help him tonight take up the offering? And and Brother Glenn, I guess I'll have to pull you out of the cobwebs tonight. Amen. You love the Lord. And Amen. Uh I need you to remember my mother-in-law, Janet, and then went home. Mom got sick this afternoon. So just pray for mom tonight that the Lord will just touch her body. And remember our shut in, sister Parish and Sister Peggy. And uh remember me tomorrow I go for my uh uh heart checkup tomorrow. And I've been doing good. So I'm just believing that all is well. But just remember us in prayer. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known with uplifting hand. Brother Michael John, would you pray over the offering of the needs tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. So glad I'm yours, Lord. As Sister Annabelle comes tonight. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy [Music] has followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. Let's sing it to him again if we could tonight. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy [Music] has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. [Music] If I knew then what I know now, I wouldn't have doubted you. Wish I could tell my younger self just to have faith. There's so many mountains you have moved by you have led me through. And it's only by your grace I'm standing here today. I'm a witness to your faithfulness. In every storm, in every step looking back. Never once said you let me go. And no matter what the future out, you're working it for my good, I know you are faithful. And I'll never walk alone. [Music] My life is full of miracles, stories that I could tell. All that you've healed, all that you've done, I can't forget. So even if my life doesn't go the way I plan or how I hope history has shown you've never failed me yet. I'm a witness to your faithfulness and every storm and every looking back. Never once said you let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my good. I know you are faithful. And I never walk alone. Oh, I never walk alone. Nothing and no one can separate me. Oh, as you go behind me and before me. Oh, nothing and no one can separate me. Cuz every moment I know you are with me. You've always faithful. I'm looking back. Oh, you'll never let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my good, I know you're faithful. And I'll never walk alone. I'll never walk alone. Never walk. Never walk. Never walk alone. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You love him. Let's sing that song tonight before we turn to service. Brother Thomas, let's stand and sing it. I love this song and a lot of mornings I wake up singing it and because my hope is in the Lord. It's not in Donald Trump. It's not in what little bit I have. But my hope is in him because I know as long as I have him, all is well. No matter what I go through with or how bad I feel or how good I feel, but my hope is still in him tonight. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Once again, if we could tonight. Oh yes. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. First verse. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lies. For whom the raging of the seas subsides. The living sacrifice. The only course of life. Oh my hope is in the Lord. This time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I I really like this verse. His tender mercies come with a brea rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveveness. [Music] And those who trust in you will find their hearts at rest. Oh yes, my home is the Lord is from this time on and never more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Verse two again. Oh, his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Aren't you thankful tonight that you can put your hope in a forever lasting, a forever more trust in the Lord God Almighty? Amen. Certainly been good to be in the house of the Lord today and trust that you guys had a good dinner and and uh we're just going to we're just going to eat one more time. You got room for a little more. Amen. I hope you're not too tired. We won't try to keep you long. We do want to just try to continue just briefly a little bit of our thought this morning and take a little bit of a different direction. But um we want to uh to to just uh see what the Lord would have in store for us and just try to get settled. But I'm going to try to try to just kind of slow slow down a little bit tonight and and uh just kind of go through some some thoughts and and and kind of teach and try not to get so excited if we can help it. But man, I tell you, the word just excites me. So, as the word comes, we just get excited. So, I want to read you a little quote here and getting started here while you're standing. Brother Ram says, "The heavenly father, as the day is growing dim now, the signs of his appearing is at hand. We see the church, that little handful of elected, called out, predestinated before the beginning of the world. Names are put on the lamb's book of life before there was a foundation of the world. The Holy Spirit has sought through the nations and around the world until it's called this little group. All the father has given me will come to me and all that comes to me, I will give him everlasting life. Raise him up in the last day. He said, 'We see that little group gathering itself together. Amen. Out of every denomination, out of every church, out of every little village, God getting his little group ready, letting the morning star shine upon them as they see the approaching of the Lord Jesus. Listen what he says. seen the ministry come from the just shall live by faith Martin Luther sanctification by John Wesley baptism of the Holy Ghost by the Pentecost and the and by the Pentecostals and the restoration of gifts and now coming into that morning star beginning to reflect who's the reflection. Amen. beginning to reflect and all the church is pulling out of every church, every nation, every people a bride for his name. Listen now, oh God, their hearts are filled with joy. They're happy. They're set. They set in hot buildings. They'll walk in cold weather. They walk through rain, sleet, snow, anywhere. For where the carcass is, the eagles will be gathered. And my sheep know my voice. See, nothing can hold her back. rain, sle, snow, she's here. She's here to feed. She's ready to go. She's wanting to get more and more and more of God. And I'm so glad, Lord, that I'm to be numbered with them. I'm so happy tonight to know that there is a church. You said there would be a church, there would be a church without a spot or a wrinkle. Father, oh God, let our names be on that great book up there that we may appear without spot or wrinkle. Was that your heart's desire tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God's certainly good. I want to take a little thought tonight if we could and we'll continue with our thought on down through the ages. But I want to speak finish up this morning and and then we'll carry it on into another thought. But I want to speak on when the bride is revealed, Satan is exposed. When the bride is revealed, Satan is exposed. and turn with me if you would in into the book of Genesis and we'll read just a portion there and we'll continue continue on our thought of the bride being revealed for just for just a few minutes and I'm going to try to look at the clock. I tell you my eyes today they just failing me. Thank you, brother. 8 o'clock. You heard him. Genesis chapter 24. And he said, 'Oh Lord God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day and show kindness unto my master Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the well of water. Isn't that an amazing thing? I stand by the well of water, and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water. And let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac, and thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master." Now, watch how Jesus, watch how God works here. And it came to pass before he had been done speaking, You got that? It came to pass before he had done speaking that behold, Rebecca came out, who was born to Bethule, son of Mila, the wife of Naora, Abraham's brother, with her picture upon her shoulder. Did I give you the scripture, Carson? You got it. Struggling with the program. The devil, I tell you what, we're okay, though. We You got your Bibles? And the damsel was fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her, for she went down to the well and filled her picture and came up. And the servant ran to meet her and said, "Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy picture." And she said, "Drink, my lord." And she hasted and let down her pitcher upon her upon her hand and gave him drink. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, "I will draw water for thy camels also until they have done drinking." and she hasted and emptied her picture into the trough and ran again. It didn't say she she thought about it. She waited. She hesitated. She ran again unto the well to draw water and drew for his camels. Now, we've heard this preached on and talked about, but just to bring it back to your remembrance, we're talking about 10 camels drinking 30 to 50 gallons of water each. So we're talking about she carried in five gallon water pictures on her shoulder 300 to 500 gallons of water and we have a hard time making it sometimes. And watch what happens now. Eleer sitting here. Look at this. He says and it says, "And the man wandering at her held his peace." Now, if I'm sitting there and I'm watching this young young lady, this young damsel, we don't know how old she was, or at least I don't, not not by what I've studied so far. But if I see this young woman who is running to the well to get water and and pouring in, and she's running and she's running and she's back and forth, back and forth with all that she's got within her. I'm going to stand there in wander in amazement as well. And I'm going to say, God, this has to be the one because she is so dedicated. She's so committed. she is doing exactly what I've asked you to show her to do if she's the one to meet Isaac. And so he's standing there and he's wandering at this and he holds her peace to whether the Lord made this journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Amen. This is a love letter. We talking about love letters this morning. So here now we have a love letter that was that we seen in Revelation that we've been talking about. And now we see a love letter in the book of Genesis. The prophet tells us in the in the in the uh church age book there's two books that Satan hates. Genesis and Revelation. Why? Because it exposes for exactly who he is. But here is this love letter in the book of Revelation or the book of Genesis rather. And I think about this Eleer as he traveled and and as we get to looking at this, how how how in-depth this gets between what God is wanting to do in his church today and what he did back then and how how the two meet. So let's just go before the Lord in prayer as we get ready to to minister the word tonight. Heavenly Father, we come before you thankful, Lord, for another service and and the opportunity to come and to share your word and what's been placed on our heart, Lord. And we trust that we uh will not weary the people tonight, Lord, but that we'll be able to share the word and they'll be receptive, Lord, as I know it's getting late in the day and and and time is is is definitely never on our sides and weariness creeps in after meals. But Lord, we just ask that you'd give us 45 minutes of of of energy today, Lord. That we could just sit here and receive what you'd have in store for us to to finish off uh the capstone for the day, Lord. And as we speak to our hearts, we just want to tell you we love you. We appreciate you. And thank you for all you do for us in Jesus name. Amen. You can have your seats. Now, talking about this love letter, and I want to share this with you, and and and you've probably heard it, but if you type in love letter in the message, you get one quote that comes up when you put them in conjunction. And brother Brandham's talking about this, and he's talking about, he said, now my wife, I love I love her, how I love her. He says, she'll write me a letter when I'm overseas. He said, and she'll say, Billy, tonight with the babies, I just put them to sleep and and and I this and I and she'll go to talking like that. He said, "Now, uh, he he" He said, "Now, what she wrote on the paper, see, that's what she wrote on the paper. See, but I love her so much that I can read right between the lines of what she really means." So, here is a hidden mystery that the prophet is telling us is being revealed. He says, "Now, that's the way it is with God. It's it's it's not because you know so much, but it's because you love him and he loves you and you sat down and you read his love letter. She wasn't telling him all the gushy, all the icky, all the stuff that we would didn't want to hear, but she's telling him about how the days went and he could read into the love letter. And that's what we have to do with the word of God. We sit down and we read it and we read between the lines and we read the letter. He says if you'll do that, he will just speak to you right between the letters. He says, "And the real context is in the text and the context is revealed by the Holy Ghost." Oh, he says, "That would make a Methodist shout." Think of it, brother. How is that? That's right. He said, "See, it's a love letter, a love affair between you and your maker, and he will reveal it to you." Now, watch this. As you have need of it, you say, "Well, I look over here and I see this person and and they're so far along the road. They're so far down. They've been in this message so long and they know this much and they're they're so far ahead of me." It doesn't matter. He'll reveal it to you as you have need of it. That's not a cause to quit. We see a lot of times people they they they give up. They throw up their hands and they quit and they walk away because I just can't live it. Everybody else lives so far above on me. I just can't live the way they live. Don't throw up your hands and wait and read the love letter and let God reveal it to you as you have need of it. And as seasoned message believers, we have to be patient. We have to be able to look at these that are babes that are cutting their teeth right now and say they can't digest all of this at one time. Could you? No. You couldn't take it all in at one time. It was a process. A little here, a little there, a little here, a little there. But it was that love letter being revealed to you. And when I talk about the word reveal, I want you to notice the difference. When you reveal something, it's a revelation to the audience. So when God reveals his word in Genesis, when God reveals his word in the book of Revelations, it is because he is revealing something to the audience or the reader, it's talking about an unseen character. When you reveal something, listen to what the definition is. A reveal in a story is a plot point where there's a secret previously unknown that a fact is disclosed. This can be a plot twist, a hidden identity, or a long awaited answer to a mystery. Let me tell you, when I read that, I thought, a thought twist, that's me. A hidden identity, that's me. When I got to thinking a long awaited answer to a mystery, that's me. The plot twist, the hidden identity. I didn't realize who I was. There was a time in my life that I lived a life that a lot of people didn't like me. There's a lot of people don't like me today, but it's not for the reasons they didn't like me then. But they didn't. You wouldn't You wouldn't have liked to be around me. I was arrogant. I was cocky. Come on, church. Somebody help me a little bit. I was ready to fight. I was mean. You say, "Well, I didn't ever think you was that way." You never got me riled up. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Brother Ber got me riled up one time. You remember that? When when when when when we were hunting and y'all shooting 22s over in the woods, man, you got me riled up. I wasn't a I wasn't a Christian then up on that hill. Brother Ber and Caleb and and Micah just beer and we're in the deer stands. What in the world? Hey. Oh, forgive me Lord. I don't know where that came from, but it's the truth. But there was a there was a time when I had a hidden identity about me. And I I look back and I think I didn't know who I really was. I was a person that was not a fun to be around, who was not pleasant to live to live with, who who was who was not on the right track. But there was a hidden identity on the inside. And there was a long awaited answer to a mystery that was laying on the inside of me that when I heard the word and I seen the word, it was able to be revealed to me exactly who I was. And it was a revelation that I'm a child of God. I'm a seed of God before the foundation of the world. That's where I came from. And you have to have that same revelation. Now, let's look here for just a second at the word expose. That's a revelation. And that's revealed. But now exposed, it refers to a different kind of concept. It It refers to something to make varnable or to bring to light something that has negative connotation. Oh, that sounds like the devil. That sounds like the devil. Hey, listen to the listen to this definition right here. This refers to making something public that was previously hidden or secret like exposing a scandal. Oh, so now we're exposing a scandal. Before it was a revelation of who I found out who I was on the inside because the word of God spoke to my heart. But here we look in the Garden of Eden and we see a scandal that's being exposed. This scandal being exposed, surely thou shalt not die. You see what he did? He began to get in there. He began to to uh pervert the word. He took God's revealed word to them and said was God said here you can have everything you want in the garden. You can eat of everything you want but just don't eat of this. That was the revealed truth in the hour. And Satan comes in and he begins to pervert it and he says surely you shall not die. And what was the first thing they had to do after they ptook? She ptook and it was good and she gave. What was the first thing they did when Jesus when God came into the garden and said, "Adam, where art thou?" They were hiding a scandal. You see, Satan don't like to be exposed. So, I want to look here for just a little bit at Elzer and what happened there on that on that wagon train and and look into that and then we're going to go into exposing the devil just a little bit. Are you with me? Are you awake? Are you tired? No. The nos were louder than the than the yays. So, here's Eleazar and we look down here at Eleazar. Brother Brandham said, Eleazar had assurance that the angel was going to go before him and therefore he could decide to go. So, Eleazar had been praying because he didn't want to disappoint Abraham. He didn't want to disappoint the situation and didn't want to come back with the wrong mate for Isaac. And so, here he is. He's going out here with the assurance that God is going to do something for him. And God is going to send a word or a message or something before him before he gets there. So, he's going to take and send men with angels, brother Brandham said, before him before he gets to take the message to the church. He says, not only that, but when Eleazar left the father Isaac, which represented the father Christ, he loaded the whole train of camels with good gifts for the bride. Hallelujah. So listen in this hour brothers and sisters. There is a whole train full of gifts that is here for the bride of Jesus Christ. If you have a need in your life, the gift is there. Why? Because he thought about you. He sent before you. The word goes before. And so here now you got the gift. If you need healing, the gift is in the train. If you need deliverance, the gift is in the train. If you need if you need somebody to come and hold your hand and get you through a rough day, the gift is in the train. It's in the word of Jesus Christ. He loaded the train with good gifts. Good gifts for the bride. He said, "Oh, I love Jesus." He loaded the camels full of good gifts to give the bride. And he never and he never told her that they were for another generation. That's right. Thank you, Lord. You say, "Well, I look back here and I see this happening this day and this happening this day, but what about me?" He didn't say it was just for them. It is a continuation. It is a building. And as God begins to move, he begins to continue to build on top of this. So, it wasn't just for another generation. That's why it says he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If listen, I I gave a I gave a a a story this morning that I heard, but I'm going to tell you the other flip side of it. You know, when brother Brandham told that woman, bring her child up and the child come up and he could see into their lives and he said, "You're I can't believe you would come ask such a request in the condition you're living." He also says that if you come under the same pretenses and in the and meet the same conditions as the person that was healed, God is obligated to heal you. So if you stand on the same word, Sister Becky come up and she said, she said, I'm I'm aching. Is this okay, Sister Becky? She said, I'm aching. My bones are aching, but brother David come up and he got his healing. I want what he got. And so we prayed and I believe she's going to get what he got because she can meet those same conditions that God I know you're able to meet the need. And that's what God does in this hour. He gives and he gives and he gives. It wasn't for another generation or another day, but it's for the bride. Those same gifts are for you and I. Amen. Every true servant of God has has that sent out and it's got a whole book of divine promises that he can offer to the bride. You know, when they look at that, uh, there's a portrait of Eleazar and Rebecca at the whale and and I didn't pull it up, but because there's several of them, but the one that really caught my attention is is Rebecca sitting there and she's talking to Eleazer and she's standing there and all around her is maybe 20 or 30 other damsels, but the attention's on one. They had water pots. They were dressed nice. They let many of them in the picture were much fairer to look at than she was. But Eleazar picked out the one. The one that did what the word said to do. That's the one he began to gift give the gifts to. And he's he says he's got gifts for her there. And he will not hold any of them back. And every one of them he gives freely. and to a true servant, a model servant that God can put trust in. He won't hide it back from her because he knows that she is the oncoming queen. So if you're questioning in your life tonight or this week or next week or next month whether God cares enough about you to give you the gifts, how many believes you're the oncoming queen? And if you believe you're the oncoming queen, the gifts are endless. They're numerous. Too numerous to count. You can have whatever the word says you're obligated to get. He said, "Oh, there's there there's there is no good thing withheld from them that walk upright before him. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray." Believe that. You say, "I need to get rid of this anger." Do you believe you can? I need to get rid of this temper. Do you believe you can? I need to get rid of this anxiety. Do you believe you can? I need to get healed. I need my body to feel better. Do you believe it can? I told Jo the other day, I said, "Why is it people they they they want to get rid of this, they want to get rid of that, they want to get rid move this out of their life, but yet they hold on to it and they give it a name." Yeah. Somebody uh in conversation the other day, I was just listening. You know, sometimes you learn a whole lot by listening. Yeah. And I was just listening and they was talking and they was telling a story and and I know it's been a problem and they were telling a story and they said it was my anxiety. It was what? It was my my anxiety. And I think why are you claiming that? Why do we hold on to that and say this is mine. I don't want that. Anxiety is nothing of God's people. Anxiety is a fear and a fear is false evidence appearing real. It is not real. It's not mine. I don't want nothing to do with anxiety. Let me tell you, I suffered with it as a child long enough that I know I don't want no part of anxiety. So, I'm not going to hold on to it. It's a finished work. Yeah. When you get prayed for and and you get prayed for and you say, "I want deliverance." It's a finished work. That's the gift in the caravan and the camel's pack. He came to the well in the evening time and he come with and Eleazar had to make another decision. He made a decision whether he would trust his own opinion or the woman or would he trust God's opinion of the woman. And it was in the evening time when he came near the well of the city. And it was about the time that Rebecca had to make a decision. Now, I want you to to think about this. Let me get back to these to this scripture here if I can find it. I'm I'm jumping a little bit. Forgive me. It came to pass before he had done speaking that behold Rebecca came out who was born to Bethle. That's not the point. But the point is before he had been done speaking. So he's asking God send somebody this way. Now I want you to notice what the prophet said happened. You ever wonder how it happened? We got it. It's all in the message. It everything we have need of every every every story is right here in the Bible. In the message. He says this. It was at the evening time and he came near the well near the city and it was about the time that Rebecca had to make a decision. Rebecca's got to make a decision. This guy over here, Eleazar, he's praying and before he's done speaking, he said, "I believe the angel of the Lord beat him there by half an hour." He said, "I believe the angel of the Lord beat her beat him there by a half an hour." And he said, he made the way clear. And he spoke to Rebecca's heart and said, "Go get water." [Music] Lord, send somebody. The angel comes and says, "Go get water." Before he's done speaking, I'm gonna eat this fly. And so here Rebecca now comes into the into the water. She's coming there at the evening time and she's coming to the where the water of life is. He says, "Do you get the picture? It's the church in these last days. The evening time, the lights are here. The lights are already here. It's not that we're waiting for the evening time to come. We're in the evening time. Things are happening so fast, we can't keep up with them. A woman in purple. Yesterday's news. A poem from the United States. Yesterday's news. Peace. Peace. Peace. Yesterday's news. Come on, church. We're right here. We're witnessing the very thing that he's talking about. The evening lights are here. And it says she moved into the waters of life. He said, Eleazar started praying. Oh Lord, can you imagine seeing all this? And Eleazar sitting there and he begins to pray. He says, he begins to pray and says, "Oh Lord, let something supernatural happen." How many loves to see the supernatural? When the supernatural happens in our midst, it's different than when you hear about somebody else or some other church or some other place. But when you see the supernatural moving in our midst amongst our neighbors, amongst our brothers and our sisters, it does something to your faith that gives you just a little bit more faith to step and climb just a little bit higher on the rung of the ladder. He said, "But there's something about it." He said, "There's something about it." He had no more than said it than Rebecca came. He said, "God is right on the dot. He's right there when you need him. He's right there in the need of time. Right in the nick of time, right exactly when you need something to intervene, God steps right there on the dot and he sends her down there and he takes her down there and and and he look look what happens. He says, "No more than your heart goes to hungering and thirsting for God." How many's hungering and thirsting? So, no more than your heart hungers and thirst for God that some kind of Holy Ghost revival will break out somewhere and something will take place. Listen now. He says, "When a neighbor gets healed and comes to tell you about it, something takes place to let you know that the angel of the Lord is moving. It's something about it. I hope this is okay. I think it is. You know, we we went for a long time here. believers believing in the word, believing a God in action, believing of a God of of healing, a God of power, and a God of of restoration, a God of uh that sends out the the the the uh the the the warriors and the prayer warriors that bring back the prodals. But it wasn't until we started seeing some things in our midst, and I I I've shared this, Sister Donna and I had a conversation, and she said, you know, and and and she's just been an ideal an ideal patron. of what of how to handle the situation she's in. And and it's not discrediting anybody else. But it was from the very beginning she said, "This is not my war. This is God's. I'm a child of God and he can heal me." And what did the devil do? The devil came to her through the wisdom of a doctor and said, "You're going to die." Yeah. Well, we can expose that lie because as God begin to move on the scene, things begin to take place. Next thing you know, things are happening. Body's getting better. Wounds are healing. Lymph nodes are receding. You know, I told brother Ber, praise the Lord. I told brother Ber, he he And he was a little hesitant, he said, to talk about those lymph nodes. I said, "Listen, we we talked about it this morning, and this is ain't in my notes." I said, "Listen, you heard of a transmission system, and when you put transmission fluid in a transmission, that fluid runs all the way through the entire system, from the front to the back, all the way through that system." And he and I said, "She had four lymph nodes taken out." Is that right? Four. Zero cancer. Right. your lymphatic system, the lymph the the the lymph nodes are all connected through vessels. Are you with me? Just like that transmission fluid runs through the system, anything that's in that lymph node system is going to run systematically through the body. God moving on the scene on the inside taking away what the Satan can't get his hands on. If it's not in one lymph node, it shouldn't be in the rest of them because it's a systematic system in the human body. You say, "Well, maybe this one's got it. Maybe it ain't. Maybe God ain't got there yet, but he's on the dot." But I say all that to say this. She began, "Thomas, shoot that thing. to say. I say all that to say this though. As she be to talk and she be to testify and she be to tell how this is God's battle and we begin to see results happen. It done something for me. It done something to my my ministry. It done something to my faith. It done something on the inside of me that says, "Hey, this is not just for the church down the road. This is not just for the church in the in the Pentecostal day. This is not just for some other time. This is for us today. This is for our believers. This is for our bride. Our bride that is setting in Elkton, Kentucky. God is still on the move. And it gives us an authority. It gives us a little bit more pep in our step to get up and say, "God is able." actions and results speak loud. Brother said, "So why did Rebecca make that sudden move? Why did she go to the waters of life so quickly?" He said, "It was because she was a blood relative to Isaac." So what is it that makes you move? Amen. What is it that gets you on your feet? What is it that gives you the power, the energy, the spark in your life? It's because you are a blood relative to Jesus Christ. It was the blood shed on Calvary. And it's through that blood that we find our power. It's through that blood we hunger. It's through that blood that we thirst. It's through the blood of Christ the vessel opens up and allows the Holy Spirit to come in. Without that blood, the Holy Spirit can't come in. Do you realize that? Without that blood in your life to cleanse you out and to cover and to annihilate the sins and the mistakes, how can the Holy Spirit dwell there? But because of that blood, the Holy Spirit now has a vessel that it can live into. What's the Bible tell us? If you get yourself cleaned out and you don't fill it with something, the Holy Ghost, more's coming back your way. You got to sweep it and clean it and fill it. Rebecca, watch what he says. He that heareth, let him come to the waters of life freely. He said, "The bride said," How many? The bride said, "Come." You mean Ezer goes to go find a bride for Isaac? And he's wanting in his mind and in his heart, he's wanting to say, "Come, come, come, come with me." But that's not what he said. The bride said, "Come, let me give you water that you want. Come, let me give you the water that your camels need. Come." So, brothers and sisters, it's the bride of Jesus Christ in the hour we're living in that is saying, "Come, Lord. Come, Lord. Come, Lord. Call me away, Lord. Thank you, Lord. He said, "Watch a real quick qu a real Christian in a meeting. Watch quickly how they're ordained to eternal life." He said, "They'll know it. There's something in that message that stirs them." Oh, it's nothing like getting up here and preaching. And then you begin to break the word and you begin to to share the bread and you begin to to lay it out there. And then all of a sudden you see somebody who's grasping a hold of what you're saying and you know they're going through something. You know they've been in places they shouldn't have been. You know they've been doing things they shouldn't do. But as the word goes forth, something on the inside begins to grab them and it begins to pull them. And you can see their countenance change. What is that? It's God stirring on the inside. Amen. The angel of the Lord was leading her and she was stirred and immediately she started watering the camels and the gifts went on her. Pour it out. Pour it out, bride. Pour it out and watch the gifts come upon you. He said she began to water the camels. The gifts went on her. He began to take out the earrings. Oh, you know what that meant? He said he took out the earrings and he gave her the earrings to signify to signify that uh it means your faith cometh by hearing. You see, we always read that story and just thought, man, look at how much gold, look at how much weight of gold, look at how much he cares, how much the value is. But there's symbolic meanings behind what he done. He said he gave her the earrings to tell her that faith cometh by hearing. He put the bracelets on her that says the works of your hands. She poured out the water. The works of her hands called out to a husband. He got her ready as soon as she began to begin to water. He give the water. She give the waters of life to testify to tell others to get the message out. Tell them what has happened to you. You want to see God move? Tell everybody what he's doing. If he's done something in your life, share what he's doing in your life. [Music] This message had stirred Rebecca. Why? How could she be so stirred? A stranger comes up to her. What could stir her? What could stir her? What could send her to a point that she was so excited and so stirred? And the prophet said, because she was satisfied that the message was from God. Brothers and sisters, I don't have to question anything this book says. I don't have to go to a bishop. I don't have to go to a hierarchy. I don't have to go to to an association. If I've got a question, I may go to my pastor because I want to know what he thinks. But the truth is, the word never lies. The word never misleads. And so right here, she knew when the word came to her through the word of an angel and says, "Go water." She had no mistake in the message that it was from God. Brothers and sisters, I don't have no question in my mind where this message came from. When I saw it, I knew it. That's right. Was I made fun of? Yep. Yep. Sure was. I tried to witness as a 17, 16, 17 year old to one of my best friends. He said, "Man, y'all need to quit killing chickens and handling snakes out there." Huh? So, was was I ridiculed? Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever been ridiculed? Yeah. But did it change the way I thought about the message? No. Isn't that an amazing thing that once you know that you know that you know it begins to build this excitement in her and just like her she was so excited. But what did what did her people around her say? Won't you just stay around here for just a little while? Make sure don't go too deep. You'll find yourself in a cult. Don't go too deep. Stick around here. See what happens. But that's not what she said. No, no, I'm excited. I'm going to go. I'm going to go and I'm going to go find my husband. She said, I'm going to go and I'm going to marry this man. I'm not going to stick around here for no time. No time being. God has already told me. Go water. He sent him. Now I'm going to get him. I'm going. So what did she do? She lingered around. No, she says she put on her garments. She got herself ready. She got on her garments and she began to go because why? She had gotten all the gifts. The word had come to her. She's got her garments on and he says, "Go. Let's go find them." And he says it was about the evening time. Don't you love that evening time message? It was about the evening time. He said when Isaac went out there and he get he stepped out of his tent and he was just going to wander out there out of his tent to go meditate for a while. And here's Isaac out there meditating. Lord, you're so good to me. Lord, you you you bless me beyond measure. Lord, uh the the fields are full because of you. Lord, our everything is good, but Lord, I could sure use a wife. You ought to desire a wife. They're pretty good to have around. And all of a sudden, he says, "There come those camels coming." Can you imagine the dust out there as the the dust in that dry barren land? dust comes and it's boiling up out from under the feet of the camels. And he says when they look out there, she looked out there, Rebecca looked at him and it was love at first sight. It was something that she'd been longing for, something that God had showed her, go water. What has that got to do with it? Because water is from the word. And as the word goes forth, go water. And God has now been trying to give her. He's trying to bless her. He's trying to give her what she's looking for. He said, "It didn't make no difference what that man looked like." Listen to this. I don't care whether he's big or little, what color he is, that makes me no difference. She looked at him and she said, "He's my Lord." We're in the evening time. You know, we all got pictures of what Jesus is going to look like. You know, Brother Brandham said that picture of Hoffman's head of Christ was the closest thing that we could ever that's ever been portrayed. But what will it be like when our eyes cast on him for the first time? What will it be like? What is it going to be like? I you know the song I can only imagine. What will it be like? Will I Will I cry? Will I Will I dance? Will I shout? Will I scream? What will I do when I'm eyes lock eyes with the one who loved me enough to die for me? You know, when we go before God, we go as an open book. And I like what he says. He talks about Rebecca here. He says, "She lighted off that camel and she pulled the veil off her face." You can't hide from God. And Rebecca pulls the veil off her face, revealing the love that she would carry for Isaac, someone she'd never laid eyes on, but God had promised. God's so good to us. Listen, he says, "There's no time to linger. It's time to make a decision." What kind of effect has the message made on you? Are you ready to say, "I will go. I will arise and go with Jesus. I will embrace him in his arms in the arms of my savior. How many would say that this morning or this evening? So God has revealed his love through the bride in the book of Genesis chapter 24 with Rebecca and Isaac. He's revealed what he's going to do in this last hour in the book of Revelations. But now let's look and see what the prophet says about the book of revelations and what Satan's plan is. He said the book of revelations and the re is the revelation of Jesus. What he's doing in the churches for those seven ages. He says you're now look. He says, let me get to my spot. There is a you're going to know there's times and there's seasons. Those men were still thinking Jesus had an earthly kingdom. But it wasn't a but it was a spiritual kingdom that he was going to build even though he could not tell them about it in this place that he was in because the father had not yet revealed it to him. So you mean Jesus is sitting there the people are asking him what kind of kingdom is this going to be? I can't tell you because it hadn't been revealed to me. But the prophet says, he goes on and says, "But after his death and his resurrection and this particular time in his ministry, he's able to set forth here in the revelation of himself to John what the glory and the presence in the church would mean and do." Jesus couldn't even have told us what was going to happen when he was here on earth. Do you see how important and how how how how this this this ch this this church age messenger messengers that were sent through the revelation of the message of the hour and the message that was given to John on the aisle of Patmas because after Jesus's death and resurrection then God revealed to him says this is what I'm going to do that's right now share it share it with the people. He said, "And in this revelation," here's what I like. He tells us what the end of the devil is. He's coming to an end. His reign is shortly coming to a halt. Soon and brief a and and swiftly coming to a halt. He tells us what the end of the devil is. He tells us how he's going to deal with the devil. He tells us how he's going to cast him into the lake of fire. and he reveals the end of the wicked ones who follow Satan. And Satan hates it. You want to make him mad, just tell him where he's going. He hates it. You want to You want to upset the You want to upset the devil, just tell him how much God loves you and how much he hates him. Just expose him for what he is. You want to make the devil mad, tell him he's a liar. Yeah. When he tells you you can't be healed, tell him you're a liar. Because the word says, "By my stripes, by his stripes, I've been made healed." You see, sometimes we got to expose the devil for who he is. And he says, notice how he hates two books in the Bible, the book of Genesis, the book of Revelations. Why? Because both of these books attack Satan's origin. And it tells of his awful ways and the destruction. That's why he attacks them. He hates to be exposed. And in those books, he's exposed for exactly who he is. He's a deceiver. He's a perverter. He's a liar. He's a counterfeit. Are you with me? Amen. He's a false witness. He hates to be exposed. Jesus said that about Satan. He has no part in me and I have no part in him. The devil would love to prove that different but he cannot. So what he does is all he can do to destroy the confidence in the word. Huh? That's where it all started. He took the confidence that Adam and Eve had in the word. They had no reason to disbelieve, no reason to to mis uh misinterpret because God said, "This is what you can have. This is what you can't have." Black and white, plain. And he comes in there and he begins to shake the confidence that they would have in the very word of God. That's right. in a garden of Eden where they had the right to pluck up trees, create rivers, move this, move that. And Satan could break the confidence of a man of Adam and Eve against the very word of God. He's listen now. He's not he he's not one to just play around with. You better know where you stand. When you go before God, when you go before spirits, when you go before these things and you're praying or whatever, and there's a spirit, you better know where you stand. We could we could tell you stories. Brother Ber can tell you stories of spirits that you have to battle. We we can tell you stories of prayer lines that I've been in and I've seen people that the spirits that they have to you have to battle in those people. you better know where you stand because why? They've been so confused. They've been so contorted and they've had their confidence has been broken to where they believe and accept what Satan says more than what the word of God says. He said, "Let me put in a word here from my own ministry if you don't mind. You say you you you you out there, you in a different place." Let me tell you what he says. Let me put a word in here from my own ministry if you don't mind. You all know that the gift in my in my life is supernatural. It is a gift whereby the Holy Spirit is able to discern diseases, the thoughts of men's hearts, and other things that only God could know, then reveal it to me. Listen now. I wish you could stand with me and see the faces of people when Satan knows he's going to be exposed. Oh, so you wasn't making that up. No, no, no. Just like you can look at in a congregation and you can see when God is moving in somebody's life and God is revealing himself to in a person's life and you can see the joy and the happiness and the peace and the love come across somebody who was once sitting there like a bump on a log. You can also look out there and you can begin to see Satan as he's getting ready to get exposed. You can see the color of their skin change. Oh, they get mad. You can't hide it. You get a temper, you get red. You don't like something said, you begin to frown, snarl. Ah. And you begin to look out there and you can see the countenance begin to change. That's right. That's right. Next thing you know, they got to move. And I don't mean when the Lord gets ready. No, they getting ready to get exposed. They getting out the back door. Amen. You know, sometimes we rush sometimes we rush God. This ain't in my notes, but sometimes we rush God into into a place that we don't even allow him to have time to move in people's lives. You know, the people we get here and we begin to preach and the word goes forth and the preaching goes forth and the preacher says, "All right, let's stand." That don't mean put your pocketbook on your shoulder. That don't mean put your kids shoes on. Fold up blankets. Boy, you say a lot when you set up here, don't you, brother Balor? It's not a time to get ready to dismiss and see how fast we can get out the back doors. Sometimes, Brother Steve has to open the doors just so people don't knock him down leaving. Well, he he ought to he they he ought to be standing in front of the doors and say, "Stay, wait right here. Let's see what's fixing to happen. Amen. God is on the move. And after the word goes forth, then we begin to praise. Then we begin to worship. Then we can really enter into a place. Why? Because we've been all scoured out. But we rush God. So, brother Steve, you can feel free to lock them doors anytime you want. Let's be patient. Let's see what God is going to do. Let's see how he moves in the congregation. See how he moves in the midst. He says, "And remember this, Satan knows assuredly that the church of the at Pentecost that with the power of God of Mark 16 in action is the true church that Jesus claims as his own." And he knows that all else is false. It has to be. What is this Mark 16? Church, let me tell you. Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. These signs, these signs shall follow them that believe, and in my name they shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents and drink any deadly thing and it shall not hurt hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. It didn't say they might. It's a finished work. When that blood shed on Calvary, what did he say? It's finished. Don't hold on to it. Don't name it. Don't pet it. A fear, lust, hatred, addiction, filthy videos. Come on, church. You know, I I I've always I I've been guilty of always trying to see the best in everybody. And I I try not to see faults. And sometimes I don't even believe people's got any. I know you don't think that when I preach, but the truth of the matter is I'm going to tell a little story on Brother Glenn. I had never told you this, Brother Glenn, but I'm going to tell you tell tell the whole church. Brother Glenn, when he first come around and he was living before me such a life, I thought, man, this guy's got it. He is he's 100%. There ain't nothing in his life. And we were standing outside one day and he's testified this so I'm not telling you nothing he hadn't told you. And we're standing outside one day and he said, "Brother Ber, I've had a good week. God's been moving. I ain't even been to the casino." I just died laughing cuz I thought he was making a joke. He wasn't making a joke. He was telling us that he had been delivered from something in his life. God had moved in his life and he was confessing. And when I realized, I have no reason to lie. This guy really did have a problem. He really had an addiction, but it's not his anymore. He's been delivered. He don't go there. He don't live there. He don't waste money there. Why did I take it so light? Cuz I've never had that problem. They wasn't getting my money. I learned my lesson. I learned my lesson at the county fair. Brother Glenn, we I worked hard, man. We worked hard like dogs. We sweating this summer. 100 hades outside, you know. And and my father-in-law gave me that check. It was about $320 if I remember. Thought, man, this is good. I got some money. We went to the county fair. Man, do I get myself in some pickles and I was going to win that VCR. Now, some of you young people don't know what a VCR is, but it's a is got a cassette you stick in it and you watch movies, looking at me like a cow staring at another gate. But I was going to win that VCR. I was a baseball player. I could knock them jugs over. He gave me a ball. I threw it. I don't know. He had lead powled in them things. They was unshakable. They're unmovable. I said, "He ain't getting the best of me. Here's 10 more dollars. Here's 10 more. Here's 10. Give me three more balls. Here's 20 more. Give me Give me Give me more. I'm I'm not leaving here till I get that VCR." $320 and broke later. Brother Steve, I want you to get up here and tell some stories sometime cuz he sure likes mine. Broke as a joke because I had given into the temptation knowing better and should not have been there. should not even been down that road. Remember this, Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. But the book of Revelation shows how that the antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. You know, that's just how Satan is. He comes in and we see the move going on around and and then he comes in and he wants to say, "Well, you know, that was just a that was just a feeling. That was just an emotion. Did they really get something? They didn't come back the next service." And then you begin to doubt and you begin to question. And he begins to come in and he begins to say, "Well, maybe maybe it was for them in a different time. Maybe when Matthew, Mark, and Luke was on the scene. Maybe that's when Jesus would all of his works, and now you're just following a history of the church. You know, there's people that just follow the history of the church. They study the history of the church. I don't need a God of history. Come on, church. I need a God who is right there when I say, "I need you, Lord." And he says, "Go get water. This book exposes Satan. It reveals his work. It attempt the attempted destruction of God's people and discrediting of God's word right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. And he fights that. See, he's not going down easy. No, he's got fiery darts. Did you know that? Fiery dart here, a dart there. He shoots this, this, this, this, this. He'll get into your home. He'll get into your house. He'll get between the between your between the the mom and the kids and he'll get between the wife and the husband. And he begins to throw these darts to to disarray and to shake up the house that you're living in. And next thing you know, I ain't going to church. You done made me mad. You go ahead. I'll stay here. I've said it, Brother Joe. But what is that? It's Satan getting in and disrupting. He's disrupting the flow. He wants to get in there and he wants to discredit God's word and tell you that you don't even need to be there cuz it don't matter. Look at the way your wife acts. Look at the way your kids act. Look at the way your boss treats you. That has not one thing to do with it. Not one thing. You say, "Well, if my husband did this and my husband did that, don't matter. It's between you and God. It's between your relationship and God." And he tries to get in and discredit that. He says he can't stand it. He fights it. He knows. Now listen here. We're going to close with this. He knows that if the people get the true revelation. Here's one of those quotes, Brother Ber said, Mark in your book. He knows if you people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is, what she stands for, and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. There'll be no stopping her. He can't disrupt her. Why? because she stands on the word and the word alone. It doesn't matter what this person thinks or that person thinks or what this church does or that church does. It matters between what happens between you and God. And when we realize that, the greater works begin to flow through us. Amen. She will be an invincible army if they get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. Satan will be powerless. Say this. Satan you're powerless. Satan You're powerless. I am an invincible army. Satan, you're powerless because the word says I know who I am and I'm an invincible army tonight. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Satan will be powerless before her. He will be as definitely thwarted today as when Christ withstood his every effort to gain power over him in the desert. What did he do? It is written. He come at him with this. Oh, aren't you hungry? The truth was he probably was hungry 40 days. That's right. He was probably wanting something to eat. But the fact of the matter is he said, "No, it's written, I shall not live by bread alone." Well, what if I give you all the kingdoms set before you? Everything you see from the pinnacle of this mountain, everywhere you see, all 360 degrees can be yours. It's written. Why could he say that? Because he knew. He knew all the kingdoms would be his anyway. What if you fall off this pit, off this cliff? Won't the angels come get you? Why don't you just jump off and let's let's see if they really come and they stand on their word. No, it's written, I shall not tempt. He could have said, it's written they'll protect me. But he said, "It's written, I shall not tempt." You love the Lord tonight. Satan hates revelation, but we love it. What is it that keeps me coming back? It's the revealed word. Every day I open the book, Brother Ber, every single day, there's something new that stands out, that calls my name. There's something new that I can identify myself with in the word. and I flip through it and I say, "Man, I didn't know that that was in there, but that really speaks to my heart." That's why reading your Bible and praying, praying and reading your Bible, don't do one without the other, you won't have the right interpretation. That's right. But pray, God, show me today what I need in your word. And see, if God don't start speaking to you, you say, "Well, I've never heard him in an audible voice." It may not be in an audible voice, but it's through a word. It's through a message book. It's through a tape. It's through a song. Come on, church. It's through another minister. It's through the pastor. It's through the preacher. Maybe it's through a brother or a sister. Go get water. With true revelation in our lives, the gates of hell cannot prevail against us, but we prevail over them. We're victorious tonight. My favorite thing to say is, "Devil, we win." When he comes at me with guns blazing and both barrels shooting, devil, I win. You can shoot. You can scratch. You can claw. You can prod. You can poke. You can stick your nose where it don't belong. Go back to hell cuz I win. Thank you, Lord. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight thankful, Lord, for another another outing of your word going forth, Lord. that we was able to be able to just find your spirit and move, Lord, as you've seen, Lord, to the PE needs of the people, as there was a call and a and a cry and there was a a pull on the word tonight, Lord. And we're thankful we could enter into that channel knowing that I'm nothing but a vessel. I'm nothing but a but just a just a man that just can do nothing on my own, but through you, Father, but through you, Father, all things are possible. And that ought to be our cry of every believer in here tonight. All things are possible to them who believe. We win. We win. Tonight we rebuke Satan. We rebuke any anxieties, any fears, any doubts, any any anger, any tempers. We rebuke all those all those spirits in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight. We rebuke you, Satan. We win. We win. Lord, we love you. Thank you for delivering tonight on your word. Lord, we give you honor, praise, and glory. And ask that you go with us through this week. Bless the church. Bless each and every one of the individuals here tonight that's made an effort that's that's that's come here and through fought through tiredness. They've sacrificed their afternoon. But it wasn't a sacrifice when it's done in love. And it's because we love you, Lord, that we're here, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We love you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You got a song, brother David. [Music] seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells us so and many souls have coming. [Music] But I'm so sus today is overcoming power. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. And on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind. boy blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. And with a power gater than any earthly fool and I'm so glad I've got it, you want to let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he that is in me. She that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Yes, greater is he that is in me. For greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. And on the day of he a rushing mighty wind. Oh it flew into the upper room and baptized all of them. And with the power greater than any earthly f I'm so glad I've got it. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many enjoyed that tonight? Good message. Amen. So thankful for what the Lord brought. Amen. Before I turn it over, Brother David, we just had a testimony that Sister Alicia, not Alicia, Sister Aaliyah wrote out. Amen. So this comes from Aaliyah. Sister Leah and brother Josh. Amen. And it has to do with sister little Hie. Uh I wanted to give a testimony on Hie. Amen. At her six-month appointment, the doctor was concerned about possible seizure activity. But at her ninth month appointment, the physicians wasn't worried about that about that. Amen. Praise the Lord. And also um nine also and that also the doctor recently was concerned that she had maybe have had tooth decay. I took her to the dentist and her teeth were healthy. Praise God. Amen. Also, Hie has had uh uh lactose intolerance for about 11 months and recently she had she has been healed and now she can enjoy dairy and Josh said pizza and whatever. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. So, she said Josh and I are believing for the rest of it, for her healing. Amen. So, praise be to God. Amen. God is good. Amen. God is good. Then let's give him another hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. We'll just sing one little song, then we'll go. And I like this song. And I know Brother Joe does. He's an ontime God. Yes, he is. He may not come when you want him, but guess what? He'll be there right on time. Every time I think of that song, a lot of times I think of Lazarus. He died four days. Does that keep him dead? No. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, yes. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he's once again tonight. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Do we have the words? Let's try them. The children of Israel trapped at the sea. [Music] Now I'm around. [Music] Well, he's an on God. Yes, he is. Oh, yes. Oh, he's on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's on time God. Yes, he is. But you get eyes [Music] on the backs of the river and loves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. what he did. [Music] He will do for me and you will. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Let's sing it again if we could. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes. Yes. Oh, yes. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. You have to forgive me. I didn't know the verses, but I knew y'all did, so that's all that matters. and our brother with us. He said, "I didn't mean to correct you about my name." I said, "Brother, ask any of them. I'm horrible with names." And uh I'm not going to say it because I'm going to mess it up. I done know in my heart, but we're glad to have you with us today. And aren't you glad we serve an on time God? And Amen. It's just been so good to be in the house of the Lord. And man, I didn't realize. Wow. Where did the time go, brother Brad? My wasn't that awesome? I feel good tonight. Don't you? Let's sing that little chorus. I feel good. How many wants to sing that before we go? And I promise this is the last one. Amen. Well, I feel good. Oh, I feel good. Oh, just to know I've been redeemed makes me feel good. Oh, I feel good. Oh, I feel good. Oh, just to know I've been ready makes me feel. See you Wednesday night at 7:00. Will I feel good? Will I feel good? Oh, just to know I've been redeemed makes me
